






























 

Page 1 of 60 
 

    
 

 
U. P. DEVELOPMENT SYSTEMS CORPORATION LTD., 
II Floor, UPTRON BUILDING, NEAR GOMTI BARRAGE,  

GOMTI NAGAR,  Lucknow - 226010 
 
 

Telephones: (0522) 2307803   Fax: (0522) 2307832  Website : 
www.upite.gov.in/UPDESCO      E-mail : updesco@nic.in 

 
  

COMPETITIVE e-BIDDING 
 

FOR 
 

the Supply, Installation and Warranty Maintenance Services of Server, Storage, Systems Software and 
Other related Items in Uttar Pradesh State Data Center for Food and Civil Supplies Deptt., U.P. 

 
 

e-Bid Referecne No.    :  UPDESCO/HW/2018/Food 
 

Pre-Bid Meeting Date and Time               :  26/11/2018 at 3.00 PM 
  

Last Date & Time for Submission of Bid             :  13/12/2018up to 5:00 PM 
 

Date & time of  opening of technical Bids :  14/12/2018 at 12.30 PM 
 
 
PLACE OF OPENING OF e-BIDS :  U. P. Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 
  II Floor,Uptron Building, Near Gomti Barrage,  
  Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010 
 
ADDRESS FOR COMMUNICATION :  U. P. Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 
  II Floor, Uptron Building, Near Gomti Barrage,  
  Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010 
 
 

      
 

        
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 

  

It will be the responsibility of the bidders to check U.P. Government e-procurement website 
http://etender.up.nic.in for any amendment through corrigendum in the tender document. In 
case of any amendment, bidders will have to incorporate the amendments in their bids 
accordingly.  

This Document Contains 60 Pages  
 Pages         

e-Tender Document Price :Rs. 5900.00 



   

Page 2 of 60 
 

  
Index....... 
 

1. e-Tender Notice  

 

03 

2. Invitation for e-Bids 

 

04-05 

3. Section I - Instruction to Bidders 6-18 

 (A) The e-Bid Document 6 

(B) Preparation of e-Bids 7-13 

(C) e-Bid Opening and Evaluation of e-Bid 13-16 

(D) Award of Contract 16-17 

4. Section II - Conditions of Contract 18-28 

5. Section III - Technical e-Bid 29-52 

 (III A) e-Bid Form 30 

 (III B) Schedule of Requirements  31 

(III C) Technical Specifications 32-49 

(III D) Qualification Requirements 50 

(III E) Bid Security Form 51 

(III F) Contract Form 52 

(III H) Service Support Details 53 

(III I) Capability Statement 54-55 

(III J) Performance Security Form 56 

6. Section IV - Financial e-Bid 57-60 
 (IV A) e-Bid Form 58 

 (IV B) Price Schedule/ BOQ 59-60 

 



   

Page 3 of 60 
 

      Uttar Pradesh Development Systems Corporation Limited 
                       (U.P. Government Undertaking) 

   2nd Floor, Uptron Building, Gomtinagar, Near Gomti Barrage, Lucknow 
 
 

e-Tender Notice 
 

Online e-bids are invited from reputed System Integrator for supply, installation and their 5 year 
(24x7) comprehensive Warranty Maitenance Services of Server, Storage, Tape Library, Backup 
software and other related items for Food and Civil Supplies Department to be installed in Uttar 
Pradesh State Data Centre, Lucknow, Government of Uttar Pradesh up to 5:00 PM on 13/12/2018 
and shall be opened 14/12/2018 at 12.30 PM.  The Earnest Money Deposit (EMD)is Rs. 5.00 Lac. 
Pre-bid Meeting shall be held  on 26/11/2018 at 3.00 PM in UPDESCO. The e-tender document 
Cost is Rs. 5900.00 only. The complete details are available in tender document which is available 
on U.P. Govt. e-procurement portal http://etender.up.nic.in. Any corrigendum/ amendment in this 
notice or  tender document shall be uploaded and informed on e-procurement website 
http://etender.up.nic.in only and shall not be published in news papars . The UPDESCO reserves 
the right to cancel any or all the e-Bids/ annul e-Bidding process without assigning any reason and 
decision of Corporation will be final and binding. 

 
UPDESCO/HW/2018/Food    MANAGING DIRECTOR 

 
 
 
 

 
 



   

Page 4 of 60 
 

INVITATION FOR e-BIDS 
 

This invitation for e-Bids is for supply, installation and comprehensive warranty maintenance of Servers, Storage, 
Tape Library, Backup Software and other items in U.P. State Data Centre,Lucnow.  
 
1. Bidders are advised to study the e-Tender Document carefully. Submission of e-Bids against this Tender shall 

be deemed to have been done after careful study and examination of the procedures, terms and conditions of 
the E-Tender Document with full understanding of its implications.  

 
2. The e-Bids prepared in accordance with the procedures enumerated in ITB Clause 15 of Section-I should be 

submitted through e-procurement website http://etender.up.nic.in. 
 
3. The e-Tenderdocument is available at e-procurementwebsite http://etender.up.nic.in. Interested bidders may 

view, download the e-Bid document, seek clarification and submit their e-Bid online up to the date and time 
mentioned in the table below: 

5 
(a) Date of publication of e-Tender notice& 

availability of Tender Document 
E-Tender Notice and E-tender Document  has 
been published and available at e-procurement 
web site http://etender.up.nic.in 

(b) Availability ofe-Tenderdocument on  
e-procurement website http://etender.up.nic.in 

14/11/2018 

(c) E-Bid submission start date &time 
(Submission of tender fee,EMD and other 
supporting documents in PDF format) 

05/12/2018  From 10:00 AM 

(d) E-Bid submission end date & Time 13/12/2018  upto 05:00 PM 
(e) Online technical e-Bids opening date & 

time  
14/12/2018  at  12.30 PM 

(f) Online financial e-Bid opening date & time 
(Only of technically qualified bidders) 

To be communicated Later  

(g) Venue of opening of technical & financial 
e-Bids 

U.P. Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 
2nd Floor, Uptron Building, Near Gomti Barrage,  
Gomti Nagar,  Lucknow (U.P.) – 226010 

(h) Contact officer  Sri H. C. Gupta, Incharge, SDC 

(i) Cost of e-Bid document  Rs. 5900.00 (Rupees Five Thousand nine  
Hundred only) (Non refundable) 

(j) E-Bid Security (Earnest Money Deposit) As per ITB Clause 12 

 
4. The bidders need to submit the cost of e-Bid document as stated in the above table through RTGS/IMPS/NEFT in 

U.P.Development Systems Corporation Ltd., Lucknow  Bank A/c as per follwing details:  
            Account Name     :  U.P. Development Systems Corporation Limited  
    IFSC Code           :  IOBA0000207 
        SB A/C No.         : 020701000041138 
     Name of Bank     :  Indian Overseas Bank 
    Name of Branch  :  Lucknow Main Branch,  3, Vidhan Sabha Marg, Lucknow 

 The Copy of Proof of Amount Transfer must be submitted along with the e-Bids. 
. 

5.  Bidders must quote for allthe items in technical e-Bid and in the price schedule/BOQof financial bid. The e-Bids 
of bidders whowill not quote for all the items in technical and financial e-Bids shall be rejected. 

 
6. All e-Bids must be accompanied by a Bid Security/ Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) in the form of Bank 

Guarantee in favour of Managing Director, U.P. Development Systems Corporation Ltd., Lucknow or through 
RTGS/IMPS/NEFT in U.P.Development Systems Corporation Ltd., Lucknow  Bank A/c as per follwing details: 

 Account Name       :  U.P. Development Systems Corporation Limited  
 IFSC Code              :  IOBA0000207 



   

Page 5 of 60 
 

 SB A/C No.            :  020701000041138 
  Name of Bank       :  Indian Overseas Bank 
 Name of Branch   :  Lucknow Main Branch,  3, Vidhan Sabha Marg, Lucknow 

.   The scanned copy of theBid Security/ Copy of Proof of EMD Amount Transfer must be submitted along with the 
e-Bids and the original one should reach the purchaser’s office atLucknow before opening of technical e-Bids. 
No Interest would be payable on bid security (Earnest Money deposited with corporation)..  

.  
7. The e-Bids will be electronically opened in the presence of bidder’s representatives, who choose to attend, at 

the venue, date andtime mentioned in the above table. 
 
8. The Tendering Authority reserves the right to cancel any or all the e-Bids/annul the bidding process without 

assigning any reason thereof. The decision of Corporation will be final and binding. 
 
9. In the event of date specified for e-Bids opening being declared a holiday forpurchaser’s office then the due 

date for opening of e-Bidsshall be the following working day at the appointed time. 
 
10. All the required documentsincluding Price Schedule/BOQ should be submitted/ uploaded by the bidder 

electronically in the PDF format.Therequired electronic documents for each document label of Technical (Fee 
details, Qualification details, e-Bid Form and Technical Specification details) schedules/packets can be clubbed 
together to make single different files for each label. 

 
11.The companies/firms who are registered for e-tendering on e-Tendering system of U.P. Govt. Departments 

would only be eligible for participating in this e-Tender. The companies/firms may contact Nodal Agency U.P. 
Electronics Corporation Ltd. (UPLC), 10, Ashok Marg, Lucknow (UP) on phone numbers 0522-2288750 (O), 
0522-2286809 (O) or 0522-4130303 (Ext. 303, 304 & 307) for their Registration/ Digital Signature Certificate 
related queries.  



   

Page 6 of 60 
 

SECTION I : INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS (ITB) 
 

(A) THE e-BID DOCUMENTS 
 
1 Cost of e-Bid 

 
a) The Bidder shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of its e-Bid and U.P. 

Development Systems Corporation Ltd., Lucknow hereinafter referred to as “the Purchaser”, will in no 
case be held responsible or liable for these costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the bidding 
process. 

 

 b) This e-Tender document is available on the web site "http://etender.up.nic.in" to enable the bidders to 
view, download the e-Bid document and submits their e-Bids online up to the last date and time 
mentioned in e-tender notice/e-Tender document against this e-Tender. The bidders shall have to pay 
e-Tender document price of Rs. 5900.00 (Rupees five thousand nine hundred only) in U.P. 
Development Systems Corporation Ltd., Lucknow Bank A/c through RTGS/IMPS/NEFT. The proof 
ofAmount Transfer must be submitted along with the e-Bids before opening of technical e-Bids. This 
e-Tender document Price of Rs. 5900.00 will be non-refundable. Detail of Bank A/c for 
RTGS/IMPS/NEFT is Bank Name : Indian Overseas Bank, Lucknow Main Branch, SB Ac no. : 
020701000041138, IFSC Code : IOBA0000207. 

 
2 Contents of e-Bid Document 
 

2.1 The goods required to be supplied, bidding procedures and contract terms and conditions are prescribed 
in the e-Bid Documents. The e-Bid documents include: 

(a) Invitation for e-Bids 
(b) Section I :Instruction to Bidders (ITB); 
(c) Section II :Conditions of Contract  (CC); 
(d) Section III : Technical e-Bid; 
(e) Section IV :Financial e-Bid; 
 

2.2 The Bidder is expected to examine all instructions, forms, terms and specifications in the e-Bid document. 
Failure to furnish all information required as per the e-Bid documents or submission of a e-Bid not 
responsive to the e-Bid document in every respect will be at the Bidder’s risk and may result in rejection 
of his bid. 

 
3 Pre Bid Conference & Clarification of e-Bid Documents 
 

Pre Bid Conference will be held on 26/11/2018 at 3.00 PM in UPDESCO office Conference room at 2nd 
floor, UPTRON Building, near Gomti Barrage, Gomti Nagar, Lucknow – 226010. Bidders’ need to send 
queries, through email at updesco@nic.in or gupta_hc@yahoo.com in MS Excel format and also in hard 
copy before scheduled date & time. Queries received after scheduled date & time may not be considered 
and no communication in this regard will be done.  

            Format for Queries: 
 

Sl 
No 

Page No/Para No/Sr  
No of Tender 

Document  

Bidder Query Amendment 
Requested if any 

Reason for request 
of Amendment 

     

 

mailto:updesco@nic.in
mailto:gupta_hc@yahoo.com


   

Page 7 of 60 
 

4 Amendment of E-Bid documents 
 

4.1 At any time prior to the deadline for submission of e-Bids, the Tendering Authority may, for any reason, 
whether at its own initiative or in response to a clarification requested by a prospective bidder, modify the 
e-Bid document by amendments. Such amendments shall be uploaded on the e-procurement 
websitehttp://etender.up.nic.inthrough corrigendum and shall form an integral part of e-Bid document.The 
relevant clauses of the e-Bid document shall be treated as amended accordingly. 

 
4.2 It shall be the sole responsibility of the prospective bidders to check the web 

sitehttp://etender.up.nic.intime to time for any amendment in the e-Tender document. In case of failure to 
get the amendments, if any, the Tendering Authority shall not be held responsible. 

 
4.3  In order to allow prospective bidders a reasonable time to take the amendment into account in preparing 

their e-Bids, the Purchaser, at his discretion, may extend the deadline for the submission of e-Bids. Such 
extensions shall be posted/uploaded on the e-procurement websitehttp://etender.up.nic.in. 

 
(B) PREPARATION OF e-BIDS 

 
5 Language of e-Bid 
 

5.1 The e-Bid prepared by the Bidder, as well as all correspondence and documents relating to the e-Bid 
exchanged by the Bidder and the Tendering Authority shall be written either in Hindi or English language. 
The correspondence and documents in Hindi must be accompanied by embedded/separate Hindi font 
files. Only English numerals shall be used in the e-Bid. 

 
6 Documents Constituting the e-Bid 
 

6.1 The e-Bid prepared by the Bidder shall comprise the following components: 
 

(a) Technical e-Bid - Technical e-Bid will comprise of : 
 

(i) Fee Details – includescopies of e-Tender Fee and Bid Security furnished in accordance with ITB 
Clause 12 in PDF format. 

 

(ii) Qualification Details – includes copies of required documents as per ITB Clauses 10 and 11 in 
PDF format justifying that the Bidder is qualified to perform the contract if his/ her e-Bid is 
accepted and that the bidder has financial, technical and production capability necessary to 
perform the contract and meets the criteria outlined in the Qualification Requirement and 
Technical Specification and fulfill all the conditions of the Contract and that the goods and 
ancillary services to be supplied by the Bidder conform to the e-Bid document and Technical 
Specifications. 

 

(iii)e-Bid Form – includes copy of filled in e-Bid Form as per Section-III(A) of e-Tender document in 
PDF format justifying that the bidder is complying with all the conditions of the Contract and 
Technical Specifications of the e-Bid Document as no deviation will be acceptable to the 
Purchaser.. 

 

(iv)Technical Specification Details– includes copy of filled in Technical Specifications as per Section-
III(C) of e-tender document in PDF format. 

 
(v)   MAF :    Origincal Inked Manufacturer Authorization Form(MAF) of all the Items quited in tender 

from their OEMs. 
 
(b) Financial Bid – Financial e-Bid will comprise of : 
 

(i) E-Bid Form–includes copy of filled in e-Bid Form as per Section-IV(A) of e-Tender document in 
PDF format. 

 



   

Page 8 of 60 
 

(ii) Price Schedule/ BOQ – includes filled in Price Schedule/ BOQ as per Section-IV(B) after 
downloading from the e-procurement website for this e-Tender 

 
7 e-Bid Form (Financial Bid) 
 

7.1 The Bidder shall complete the E-Bid Form and the appropriate Price Schedule/ BOQ furnished in the e-Bid 
documents, including the goods to be supplied, their quantities and prices in the format given in the e-Bid 
document. 

 
8 e-Bid Price  
 

8.1 The Bidder shall quote separately in the downloaded spread sheet file for Price Schedule/BOQ unit price 
(along with basic price, GST and other charges such as installation and onsite 24/7 comprehensive 
warranty maintenance service charges, if any) of each item in the specified places for all the goods 
mentioned in Section III(C) of Technical Specifications. The unit prices quoted shall be with 
comprehensive warranty as per period specified in column 3 of Section III(C) of Technical Specifications. 

 
8.2. e-Bid price of each item indicated on the Price Schedule/ BOQas mentioned in para 8.1 above, shall 

include all the cost till successful installation & commissioningat various offices situatedin different cities 
of U.P. for all the items specified in the schedule of requirement and onsite comprehensive warranty 
maintenance  i.e. 

 
I. The price of goods (ex-works, ex-factory, ex-showroom, ex-warehouse, or off-the-shelf, as 

applicable), including all duties and GST and other taxes already paid or payable: 
(a) on components and raw material used in the manufacture or assembly of goods quoted ex-

works or ex-factory; or 
(b) on the previously imported goods of foreign origin quoted ex-showroom, ex-warehouse, or off-

the-shelf. 
II. any Indian duties, sales and other taxes which will be payable on the goods if this Contract is 

awarded.; 
III. the price for inland transportation, insurance and other local costs incidental to delivery of the 

goods to their final destination. 
IV. the price of other incidental services listed in Clause 11 of the Conditions of Contract. 

 
8.3 Prices quoted by the Bidder shall be fixed during the Bidder’s performance of the Contract and not 

subject to variation on any account subject to ITB Clause 25.1. A Bid submitted with an adjustable price 
quotation unless asked for shall be treated as non-responsive and rejected. 

 
9 Bid Currencies 
 
 Prices shall be quoted in Indian Rupees only. 
 
10 Documents Establishing Bidder’s Qualification 
 
10.1 Pursuant to ITB Clause 6, the Bidder shall furnish, as part of its Technical e-Bid, documents establishing 

the Bidder’s qualification to perform the Contract if its e-Bid is accepted. The documentary evidence 
should be submitted by the bidder electronically in the PDF format. 

 
10.2 The documentary evidence of Bidder’s qualification to perform the Contract if its e-Bid is accepted shall 

be as per Qualification Requirements specified in Section III(D) of e-Tender document. 
 

11 Documents Establishing Goods’ Conformity to e-Bid Documents 
 
11.1 Pursuant to ITB Clause 6, the Bidder shall furnish, as part of its e-Bid, documents establishing the 

conformity to the e-Bid documents of all goods and services which the Bidder proposes to supply under 
the contract. The documentary evidence should be in the PDF file format. 



   

Page 9 of 60 
 

 
11.2 The documentary evidence of conformity of the goods and services to the e-Bid documents shall consist 

of: 
 

(a) The brochures/leaflets/the document downloaded from the internet site of the OEM of the goods 
offered in support of the technical specifications asked in the e-tender. 

 

(b) The copies of the purchase deed of the office building/receipt of the rent paid/ transfer & posting 
orders of engineers should be enclosed as a documentary evidence in support of their service 
centers to be mentioned in the bid; 

 

(c) An item-by-item commentary on the Purchaser’s Technical Specifications demonstrating 
substantial responsiveness of the goods and services to those specifications or a statement of 
deviations and exceptions to the provisions of the Technical Specifications; 

 

(d) A confirmation that, if the Bidder offers systems and/or other software manufactured by another 
company, such software operates effectively on the system offered by the Bidder; and the Bidder 
is willing to accept responsibility for its successful operations. 

 

(e) A confirmation that the Bidder is either the owner of intellectual Property Rights in the hardware 
and the software items offered, or that it has proper authorization from the owner to offer them. 
Willful misrepresentation of these facts shall lead to the cancellation of the bid/ contract without 
prejudice of other remedies that the Tendering Authority may take. 

 

12 Bid Security/Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 
 

12.1 Pursuant to ITB Clause 6, the Bidder shall furnish, as part of its e-Bid, a Bid security/EMDof an amount of 
Rs. 5.00 Lac in favor of the Tendering Authority i.e. U.P. Development Systems Corporation Limited, 
Lucknow.The scanned copy of the Bid Security/EMD must be submitted along with the e-Bids and the 
original one should reach the purchaser’s office at Lucknow before opening of technical e-Bids. 

  
12.2 The Bid security is required to protect the Tendering Authority against the risk of Bidder’s conduct which 

would warrant the security’s forfeiture, pursuant to ITB Clause 12.7. 
 

12.3 The Bid security shall be in Indian Rupees and shall be in the following forms only: 
 

A bank guarantee issued by the State Bank of India or its associate banks or any nationalized bank of 
India or any schedule bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, IDBI Bank located in India, in the form 
provided in the e-Bid document and valid upto 14/06/2019.  Also Bidder may also submit the bid security 
of the above amount through RTGS/IMPS/NEFT in U.P.Development Systems Corporation Ltd., Lucknow  
Bank A/c as per follwing details 
 
 Account Name       :  U.P. Development Systems Corporation Limited  
 IFSC Code              :  IOBA0000207 
             SB A/C No.            :  020701000041138 
             Name of Bank   :  Indian Overseas Bank 
             Name of Branch  :  Lucknow Main Branch,  3, Vidhan Sabha Marg, Lucknow 
The scanned copy of the Bid Security/ Copy of Proof of EMD Amount Transfer must be submitted along 
with the e-Bids and the original one should reach the purchaser’s office at Lucknow before opening of 
technical e-Bids. No Interest would be payable on bid security (Earnest Money deposited with 
corporation)..  

 
12.4  Any e-Bid not secured in accordance with ITB Clauses 12.1 and 12.3 above shall be treated as non-

responsive and rejected by the Purchaser. 
 

12.5 Unsuccessful bidder’s bid security will be discharged/returned within 15 days.  
 

12.6 The successful bidder’s bid security will be discharged upon the Bidder signing the Contract, pursuant to 
ITB Clause  28, and furnishing the performance security,  pursuant to ITB Clause  29. 

 



   

Page 10 of 60 
 

12.7 The bid security may be forfeited: 
 

(a) if a Bidder (i) withdraws its e-Bid during the period of e-Bid validity specified by the Bidder on the e-
Bid Form; or (ii) does not accept the correction of errors pursuant to ITB Clause 22.2; or (iii) modifies 
its e-Bid price during the period of e-Bid validity specified by the bidder on the e-Bid form or 

 
(b) in case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails:  

(i) to sign the Contract with the Tendering Authorityin accordance with ITB Clause  28; or 
(ii) to furnish performance security in accordance with ITB Clause  29. 

 
13 Period of Validity of e-Bids 
 

3.1 e-Bids shall remain valid for 180 days after the date of e-Bid opening prescribed by the Purchaser, 
pursuant to ITB Clause 16. Ane-Bid valid for a shorter period shall be rejected by the Tendering 
Authorityas non-responsive.  

 
13.2 In exceptional circumstances, the Tendering Authority may solicit the Bidder’s consent to an extension of 

the period of e-Bid validity. The request and the response thereto shall be made in writing. The Bid 
security provided under ITB Clause 12 shall also be suitably extended. A Bidder may refuse the request 
without forfeiting its Bid security. A Bidder granting the request will not be required nor permitted to modify 
its e-Bid. 

 
14 Format and Signing of e-Bid 
 

14.1 The Bidder shall prepare one electronic copy each of the Technical e-Bid and Financial e-Bid separately.  
 

14.2 Thee-Bid documents shall be digitally signedat the time of uploading, by the Bidder or a person or 
persons duly authorized to bind the Bidder to the Contract. The later authorization shall be indicated by a 
scanned copy of written power-of-attorney accompanying the e-Bid. All the pages/ documentsof the e-Bid 
that are to be uploaded shall be digitally signed by the person authorized to sign thee-Bid. 

 
15. Submission of e-Bids 
 

The Bid Submission module of e-procurement website "http://etender.up.nic.in" enables the bidders to 
submit the e-bids online against thise-Tender published by the purchaser. Bid Submission can be done 
only from the bid submission start date and time till the Bid Submission end date and time given in the e-
Tender. Bidders should start the Bid Submission process well in advance so that they can submit their e-
Bids in time. The bidders should submit their e-Bids considering the server time displayed in the e-
procurement website. This server time is the time by which the Bid submission activity will be allowed till 
the permissible time on the last/end date of submission indicated in the e-Tender schedule. Once the e-
Bid submission date and time is over, the bidders cannot submit their e-Bids. For delay in submission of e-
Bids due to any reasons, the bidders shall only be held responsible.  
 
The bidders have to follow following instructions for submission of their e-Bids: 

 
15.1 For participating in e-Bids through the e-tendering system, it is necessary for the bidders to be the 

registered users of the e-procurement website http://etender.up.nic.in. The bidders must obtain a User 
Login Id and Password by registering themselves with U.P.Electronics Corporation Limited, Lucknow if 
they have not done so previously for registration. Refer to details given in Information for Bids Clause 11 
on page no. 5. 

 
15.2 In addition to the normal registration, the bidder has to register with his/her Digital Signature Certificate 

(DSC) in the e-tendering system and subsequently he/she will be allowed to carry out his/her bid 
submission activities. Registering the Digital Signature Certificate(DSC) is a one time activity. Before 
proceeding to register his/her DSC, the bidder should first log on to the e-tendering system using the User 



   

Page 11 of 60 
 

Login option on the home page with the Login Id and Password with which he/ she has registered as per 
clause 15.1 above. 

 For successful registration of DSC on e-procurement website http://etender.up.nic.in, the bidder must 
ensure that he/she should possess Class-2/ Class-3 DSC issued by any one of the following certifying 
authorities approved by Controller of Certifying Authorities, Government of India such as Mahanagar 
Telephones Nigam Ltd. (MTNL), New Delhi and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Mumbai as the e-
procurement website http://etender.up.nic.in is presently accepting DSCs issued by these authorities only. 
However, the process for acceptability of DSCs issued by other authorities such as Customs & Central 
Excise, New Delhi; Institute for Development & Research in Banking Technology, Hyderabad; Safe 
Script, Chennai and (n)Code Solutions, Ahmedabad has been under active consideration. The bidder is 
advised to get his/her DSC issued by Mahanagar Telephones Nigam Ltd. (MTNL), New Delhi or Tata 
Consultancy Services (TCS), Mumbai on a safer side for successful registration of his/her DSC on e-
procurement website. The bidder is also advised to register his/her DSC on e-procurement website well in 
advance before bid submission end date so that he/she should not face any difficulties while submitting 
his/her e-bid against this e-Tender. The bidder can obtain User Login Id and perform DSC registration 
exercise as described in clauses 15.1 and 15.2 above even before bid submission date starts. The 
Tendering Authority shall not be held responsible if the bidder tries to submit his/her e-bid at the last 
moment before end date of submission but could not submit due to DSC registration problem. 

 
15.3 The bidder can search for active e-Tenders through "Search Active Tenders" link, select a e-Tender in 

which he/ she is interested in and then move it to ‘My Tenders’ folder using the options available in the Bid 
Submission menu. After selecting and viewing the e-Tender, for which the bidder intends to bid, from "My 
Tenders" folder, the bidder can place his/ her bid by clicking "Pay Offline" option available at the end of the 
view e-Tender details form. Before this, the bidder should download the e-Tender document and Price 
Schedule/Bill of Quantity (BOQ) and study them carefully. The bidder should keep all the documents ready 
as per the requirements of e-Tender document in the PDF format. 

 
15.4 After clicking the ‘Pay Offline’ option, the bidder will be redirected to the Terms and Conditions page. The 

bidder should read the Terms & Conditions before proceeding to fill in the Tender Fee and EMD offline 
payment details. After entering and saving the Tender Fee and EMD details, the bidder should click 
"Encrypt & Upload" option given in the offline payment details form so that "Bid Document Preparation and 
Submission" window appears to upload the documents as per Technical (Feedetails, Qualificationdetails, 
e-Bid Form and Technical Specification details) and financial (e-Bid Form and Price Schedule/BOQ) 
schedules/packets given in the e-Tender details. The details of the E-payment/Bank Guarranty or any 
other accepted instrument which is to be physically sent in original before opening of technical e-Bids, 
should tally with the details available in the scanned copy and the data entered during e-bid submission 
time otherwise the e-Bid submitted will not be accepted. 

 
15.5 Next the bidder should upload the Technical E-Bid documents for Fee details (Tender fee and EMD), 

Qualification details as per "ITB Clause 10 or 21", E-Bid Form as per "Section-III(A)" and Technical 
Specification details as per "Section-III(C):Technical Specifications" and Financial E-Bid documents as per 
"Section-IV(A):E-Bid Form" and "Section-IV(B):Price Schedule/BOQ" of e-Tender document. Before 
uploading, the bidder has to select the relevant Digital Signature Certificate. He may be prompted to enter 
the Digital Signature Certificate password, if necessary. For uploading, the bidder should click "Browse" 
button against each document label in Technical and Financial schedules/packets and then upload the 
relevant PDF files already prepared and stored in the bidder's computer. The required documents for each 
document label of Technical (Fee details, Qualification details, E-Bid Form and Technical Specification 
details) and financial (E-Bid Form and Price Schedule/BOQ) schedules/packets can be clubbed together to 
make single different files for each label.  

 
15.6 The bidder should click "Encrypt" next for successfully encrypting and uploading of required documents. 

During the above process, the e-Bid documents are digitally signed using the DSC of the bidder and then 
the documents are encrypted/ locked electronically with the DSC’s of the e-Bid openers to ensure that the 
e-Bid documents are protected, stored and opened by concerned e-Bid openers only. 



   

Page 12 of 60 
 

 
15.7 After successful submission of e-Bid documents, a page giving the summary of e-Bid submission will be 

displayed confirming end of e-bid submission process. The bidder can take a printout of the e-Bid 
summary using the "Print" option available in the window as an acknowledgement for future reference. 

 
15.8 Tendering Authority reserves the right to cancel any or all e-Bids without assigning any reason. 
 

16 Deadline for Submission of E-Bids 
 

16.1 E-Bids (Technical and Financial) must be submitted by the bidders at e-procurement website 
http://etender.up.nic.in no later than the time 5:00 PM on 13/11/2018. 

 
16.2 The Tendering Authority may, at its discretion, extend this deadline for submission of e-Bids by amending 

the e-Bid documents in accordance with ITB Clause 4, in which case all rights and obligations of the 
Tendering Authority and Bidders previously subject to the deadline will thereafter be subject to the 
deadline as extended. 

 
17 Late e-Bids 
 

17.1 The server time indicated in the Bid Management window on the e-procurement website 
http://etender.up.nic.inwill be the time by which the e-Bid submission activity will be allowed till the 
permissible date and timescheduled in the e-Tender. Once the e-Bid submission date and time is over, the 
bidder cannot submit his/ her bid. Bidder has to start the E-Bid Submission well in advance so that the 
submission process passes off smoothly. The bidder will only be held responsible if his/ her e-Bid is not 
submitted in time due to any of his/ her problems during e-Bid submission process. 

 
18 Withdrawal and Resubmission of e-Bids 
 

18.1 At any point of time, a bidder can withdraw his/ her e-Bid submitted online before the e-Bid submission 
end date and time. For withdrawing, the bidder should first log in using his/ her Login Id and Password and 
susequently by his/ her Digital Signature Certificate on the e-procurement website 
http://etender.up.nic.in.The bidder should then select "My Bids" option in the Bid Submission menu. The 
page listing all the e-Bids submitted by the bidder will be displayed. Click "View" to see the details of the e-
Bid to be withdrawn.After selecting the "Bid Withdrawal" option, the bidder has to click "Yes" to the 
message"Do you want to withdraw thisbid?" displayed in the Bid Information window for the selected bid. 
The bidder also has to enter the E-Bid Withdrawing reasons and upload the letter giving the reasons 
forwithdrawing before clicking the ”Submit" button. The bidder has to confirm again by pressing "Ok" 
button before finally withdrawing his/ her selected bid. 

 
18.2 The bidder has to request the Tendering Authority with a letter, attaching the proof of withdrawal and 

submission of bid security/ EMDin the office of purchaser, to return back the bid security/ EMD as per the 
manual procedure. 

 
18.3 No e-Bid may be withdrawn in the interval between the deadline for submission of e-Bids and the 

expiration of period of e-Bid validity. Withdrawal of a e-Bid during this interval may result in the Bidder’s 
forfeiture of his/ her bid security, pursuant to ITB Clause 12.7. 

 
18.4 The bidder can resubmit his/ here-bid as and when required till the e-bidsubmission end date and time. 

The e-bid submitted earlier will be replaced by the newone. The payment made by the bidder earlier will 
be used for revised e-bid and the newe-bid submission summary generated after the successful 
submission of the revised e-bid willbe considered for evaluation purposes. For resubmission, the bidder 
should first log in using his/ her Login Id and Password and subsequently by his/ her Digital Signature 
Certificate on the e-procurement website http://etender.up.nic.in. The bidder should then select "My Bids" 
option in the Bid Submission menu. The page listing all the e-Bids submitted by the bidder will be 



   

Page 13 of 60 
 

displayed. Click "View" to see the details of the e-bid to be resubmitted. After selecting the "Bid 
Resubmission" option, click "Encrypt & Upload" to upload the revised e-bid documents by following the 
methodology providedin clauses 15.4 to 15.7. 

 
18.5 The bidders can submit their revised e-Bids as many times as possible by uploading their e-bid 

documents within the scheduled date & time for submission of e-Bids. 
 

18.6 No e-Bid can be resubmitted subsequently after the deadline for submission of e-Bids. 
 
 

(C)e-BID OPENING AND EVALUATION OF e-BIDS 
 
19(A) Opening of Technical e-Bids by the Purchaser 
 

19.A.1 The Tendering Authority will open all technical e-Bids, in the presence of Bidders’ representatives who 
choose to attend at 12:30 PM on 14/12/2018 at U.P. Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 2nd  Floor, 
Uptron Building, Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010. The Bidder’s representatives who are present shall 
sign a register evidencing their attendance. In the event of the specified date of e-bid opening being 
declared a holiday for the Purchaser, the e-Bids shall be opened at the appointed time and location on 
the next working day. 

 
19.A.2  The bidder’s names and the presence or absence of requisite bid security and such other details as the 

Tendering Authority at its discretion may consider appropriate, will be announced at the opening. No e-
Bid shall be rejected at the time of technical e-Bid opening. 

 
19.A.3 The Tendering Authority will prepare minutes of the e-Bid opening. 

 
19(B) Opening of Financial e-Bids 
 

19.B.1 After evaluation of technical e-Bids, the Tendering Authorityshall notify those Bidders whose technical e-
Bids were considered non-responsive to the Conditions of the Contract and not meeting the technical 
specifications and Qualification Requirements indicating that their financial e-Bids will not be opened. 
The Tendering Authority will simultaneously notify the Bidders, whose technical e-Bids were considered 
acceptable to the Tendering Authority indicating the date, time and place for opening of the financial E-
Bids. The notification may be sent by letter, fax or by e-mail. 

 
19.B.2 Date and Time of the opening of financial Bids of technically qualified bidders shall be communicated 

later after evalution of their technical bids at U.P. Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 2nd Floor, 
Uptron Building, Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010 in the presence of Bidders who choose to attend. The 
name of Bidders, Unit Price quoted for various items etc will be announced at the meeting. 

 
19.B.3The Tendering Authority will prepare the minutes of the E-Bid opening. 

 
20 Clarification of E-Bids 
 

20.1 During evaluation of e-Bids, the Tendering Authority may, at its discretion, may ask the Bidder for a 
clarification /submit documents of his/ her bid. The request for clarification and the response shall be in 
writing or in meeting by Purchase Committee. 

 
21 Evaluation of technical e-Bids and Evaluation Criteria 

 
The Tendering Authority will examine the e-Bids to determine whether they are complete, whether they 
meet all the conditions of the Contract, whether requiredtender fee, Bid security and other required 
documents have been furnished, whether the documents have been properly digitally signed, and 



   

Page 14 of 60 
 

whether the e-Bids are generally in order. Any e-Bid or e-Bids not fulfilling these requirements shall be 
rejected. 
 
The bidders shall submit the scanned copies offollowing as documentary proof for evaluation of their 
technical e-Bids:- 
 

21.1 The Bidder should be an established Information Technology Company/ IT System Integrator registered 
under company act 1956 on or before 01/04/2015 andshould have been in the business for aperiod 
exceeding three years as on 31/03/2018. 

 
21.2 Bidder must provide the Origincal Inked Manufacturer Authorization Form(MAF) of all the Items quited in 

tender from their OEMs. 
 

21.3 The bidder should have suppliedminimum 10 Rack/Blade Servers to any Government Department/ Organization in 
any one of the last three financial years including current financial year. The e-Bids of the bidders not submitted 
duly signed & stamped evidence i.e. the copy/Copies of purchase order and satisfactory installation report issued by 
the concerned department/ organization shall be rejected.  

 
21.4 The original equipment manufacturer of the items quoted in the e-Tender shall be in the business of 

regular supply and installation of the same make/brand of those items since last three financial years. The 
e-Bids of the bidders not submitting duly signed & stamped evidencesi.e. copies of one purchase order 
and its satisfactory installation report per year for each of the last three financial years regarding regular 
supply of the same brand of itms as quoted in the e-Bid shall be rejected.  

21.5 All the items quoted should have minimum technical specifications given in the e-Tender. 
 

21.6 The bidder should have support mechenism and service support centres either directly through their 
support office or through their authorised channel partners/dealers in U.P.  Details of Service support 
Centres for service support that would be provided during and after the warranty period should be given 
by the bidder as per Service Support Undertaking given in Section-III(H) of this e-Tender document. The e-
Bids of the bidders who do not have Service support centres and not given undertaking in Format given in 
Section-III(H)  shall be rejected. If at any stage, it is found that the Bidders support centres/ service 
providers are not providing support services and are non functional or have been closed down, then the 
bid security/ performance bank guarantee shall be forfeited.  

 
21.7 The bidder should have given satisfactory warranty maintenance services of the Servers supplied by 

them and should submit supporting documents from three of its clients for the same. The e-Bids of the 
bidders not submitting at least three certificates from their clients regarding their satisfactory warranty 
maintenance services of the server supplied by them shall be rejected 

 
21.8 The bidder should submit a notarial affidavit that the bidder’s firm has not been black 

listed/debarred/prohibitted by any State/Central Government Departments /Organisations. The e-Bids of 
the black-listed bidders or those not submitting the required affidavit shall be rejected.  
 

21.9 The bidder company should be having turnover of atleast Rs. 10 Crores in each of last three financial 
years of 2015-16, 2016-17 and 2017-18 for that he/ she should submit certified copies of certificates from 
Chartered Accountant or copies of relevant page(s) of Profit & Loss account of the company. For 
Financial year 2016-17 bidder can submit purchase orders (IT related) of more than 10.0 Crores with 
completion certificate/delivery challan/Installation reports signed /issued by concerned 
departments/Institutions. The e-Bids of the bidders whose company's turnover in last three financial years 
of 2015-16, 2016-17 and 2017-18 is not Rs. 10.0 crors or who do not submit certified copies of certificates 
from Chartered Accountant or copies of relevant page(s) of Profit & Loss account shall be rejected.  
 

21.10 All e-Bids submittedshall also include the following: 
 

(i)  Filled in formas perSectionIII(I)-Capability Statement. 
(ii) Copies of relevant pages of followingdocuments: 

a. Memorandum and Article of Associationor any other document showing objectives of the 
company and authority to sign the bid/ contract or delegate the power to others for signing the e-
Bid/ contract. 



   

Page 15 of 60 
 

b. Place of registration. 
c. The power-of-attorney authorizing the bidder to sign the bid/ contract. 
d. Income tax registration number of the company. 
e. GST registration number of the company. 

 
 

The e-Bids of the bidders not submitting copies of documentsmentioned in clause 21.10(ii) above shall be 
rejected. 
 

21.11 The e-Bids of the bidders not quoting all the items in the Technical Bid shall be rejected. Bidders must 
quote for all the items in the technical e-Bid and in the price schedule/ BOQ of financial e-Bid. The e-Bids 
of bidders who will not quote for all the items in technical and financial e-Bids shall be rejected. If any item 
of a bidder is not considered due to any reason, the technical and financial e-Bid shall be rejected. 

 
21.12 The e-Bids found to be not responsive to and not fulfilling all the conditions of the contract and not 

meetingTechnical Specifications and Qualification Requirements to the satisfaction of purchase 
committee shall be rejected and may not subsequently be made responsive by the Bidder by correction of 
the non-conformity. The e-Bids of bidders mentioning any of their conditions which are not mentioned in 
the e-tender document or are not in conformity with the conditions of the contract shall be rejected.  
 

21.13  It shall be the discretion of the purchase committee to decide as to whether a e-Bid fulfils the evaluation 
criterion mentioned in this e-tender or not.  
 

21.14 The bidders are advised not to mix financial e-Bid documents with the PDF documents submitted for 
technical e-Bid. The e-Bids of the bidders having financial e-Bid documents in the technical e-Bid will 
outrightly be rejected. 
 

22 Financial Evaluation and Comparison of e-Bids 
 

22.1 The Tendering Authority will evaluate and compare the financial rates quoted in the price schedule/ BOQ 
ofe-Bids of those bidders whose technical e-Bids are found responsive as per the conditions of the tender 
only for those items of the Bidders which have been technically accepted by the Purchaser.. 

 

 22.2  No additional payments shall be made for completion of any contractual obligation  beyond the quoted 
prices. If the supplier does not accept the correction of errors if any, its e-Bid shall be rejected and its bid 
security may be forfeited.       

22.3 No weightage/preference shall be given to the bidder quoting any higher technical specifications against 
the technical specifications of the items asked in the e-Tender.  

 

22.4 The Purchaser’s evaluation of a Financial e-Bid shall be based on rate quoted excluding GST by the 
bidder including the cost of equipment – preloaded with software as indicated in the technical 
specification (Ex-factory/ex-warehouse/off-the-shelf price of the goods offered from within India, such 
price to include all costs as well as duties and taxes paid or payable on components and raw material 
incorporated or to be incorporated in the goodsand price of incidental services and the cost of inland 
transportation,insurance and other costs within India incidental to the delivery of the goods to  their  final 
destination as mentioned in para 8.2 of ITB.  

 

22.5 Evaluation for e-Bids shall be done based on total e-Bid price (excluding GST received for all 
items. 

 
22.7 The bidders whose technical e-Bids would be found responsive and meeting the qualification 

requirements and fulfilling all conditions of the tenders, shall be considered technically accepted 
by the Tendering Authority and whose e-Bid price quoted are lowest in the e-Bids.  

 
22.8 Selection of supplier will be done on the basis of lowest total e-Bid price received in Section IV(B) 

without GST. 
 
23 Contacting the Purchaser 



   

Page 16 of 60 
 

 
23.1 Subject to ITB Clause 20, no Bidder shall contact the Tendering Authorityon any matter relating to his/ her 

bid, from the time of the e-Bid opening to the time the Contract is awarded. If the bidder wishes to bring 
additional information to the notice of the purchaser, he/ shecan do so in writing. 

 
23.2 Any effort by a Bidder to influence the Tendering Authority in its decisions on e-Bid evaluation, e-Bid 

comparison or contract award may result in rejection of the Bidder’s bid. 
 

(D) AWARD OF CONTRACT 
 
24 Award Criteria 
 
24.1 The Tendering Authority will determine to its satisfaction whether the Bidder(s) that is selected as having 

submitted the lowest evaluated responsive e-Bid meets the criteria specified in ITB Clause 10.2, and is 
qualified to perform the contract satisfactorily. 

 

24.2 Subject to ITB Clause 26, the Tendering Authority will award the contract to the lowest evaluated 
successful Bidder whose e-Bid has been determined to be responsive to all the conditions of the contract 
and meeting the Technical specification and qualification requirement of the Bidding Document.  

24.3 If any department for whom tender is called is not interested, those items can be delivered to other 
department at the same price approved by purchase committee.  

 

25 Purchaser’s right to vary Quantities at Time of Award 
 
25.1 The Tendering Authority reserves the right at the time of Contract award to increase or decrease the 

quantity of goods and services originally specified in the Schedule of Requirements without any change in 
unit price or other terms and conditions. 

 

25.2 If any taxes/duties are increased/decreased by the Government during contract period, the same shall be 
adjusted mutually after submitting the proof by the successful bidders to the purchaser.    

 
26 Purchaser’s right to accept any e-Bid and to reject any or all E-Bids 

26.1 The Tendering Authority reserves the right to accept or reject any bid, and to annul the bidding process 
and reject all e-Bids at any time prior to contract award, without thereby incurring any liability to the 
affected Bidder or bidders. 

 
27 Notification of Award 
 

27.1 Prior to the expiration of the period of e-Bid validity, the Tendering Authority will notify the successful 
bidder in writing by letter/e-mail/fax, that its e-Bid has been accepted. 

 
27.2 The notification of award will constitute the formation of the Contract. 

 
27.3 Upon successful Bidder’s furnishing of performance security pursuant to ITB Clause 29, the Tendering 

Authority will promptly discharge bid security pursuant to ITB Clause 12. 
 

28 Signing of Contract 
 

28.1 At the same time as the Tendering Authority notifies the successful bidder that its e-Bid has been 
accepted, the Tendering Authority will send the bidder the Contract Form provided in the e-Bid 
documents, incorporating all agreements between the parties i.e. Tendering Authority and successful 
bidder. 

 

28.2 Within 7 days of receipt of the Contract Form, the successful bidder shall sign and date the Contract and 
return it to the Purchaser. 
 

29 Performance Security 
 



   

Page 17 of 60 
 

29.1 Within 7 days of the execution of the contract with the Purchaser, the successful Bidder shall furnish 
performance security in the form of bank guarantee for 10%amount of order value in favor of 
"Commissioner,Food and Civil Supply,U.P." which would be valid for the period of 63 months from State 
Bank of India or its associate banks or any nationalized bank of India or scheduled bank or HDFC Bank, 
ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, IDBI Bank located in India in favor of the purchaser, in accordance with the 
Conditions of Contract, in the Performance Security Form provided in the e-Bid documents or in another 
form acceptable to the Purchaser.  

  
29.2 Failure of the successful bidder to comply with the requirement shall constitute sufficient grounds for the 

annulment of the award and forfeiture of the bid security, in which event the Tendering Authority may 
make the award to the next lowest evaluated bidder or call for new e-Bids. 

 

30    Purchase committee has rights to relax any criteria in qualification required to fulfil the tender condition. 
Also purchase committee has right to asked the bidder to submit any document required in support of 
qualification for its satisfaction/confirmation at any stage. 

  



   

Page 18 of 60 
 

 
 

II : CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
 
 

  



   

Page 19 of 60 
 

 
SECTION II :  

 
Conditions of Contract 

 
1. Definitions 
 
1.1 In this Contract, the following terms shall be interpreted:  

(a) “The Contract” means the  agreement entered into between the Tendering Authority and the Supplier, as 
recorded in the Contract Form signed by the parties, including all the attachments and appendices thereto 
and all documents incorporated by reference therein; 

(b) “The Contract Price” mean the prices of various items payable to the Supplier under the Contract for the 
full and proper performance of its contractual obligations; 

(c) “The Goods” means all the equipment, machinery, and/or other materials which the Supplier is required to 
supply to the Tendering Authority under the Contract; 

(d) “Services” means services ancillary to the supply of the Goods, such as transportation and insurance, and 
any other incidental services, such as installation, provision of technical assistance and other obligations 
of the Supplier covered under the Contract; 

(e) “The Purchaser” means the organisation purchasing the goods and the Tendering Authority is  
U.P.Development Systems Corporation Ltd., II Floor, UPTRON BUILDING, GOMATI NAGER, Lucknow-
226010 

(f) “The Supplier” means the System Integrator Firm supplying the Goods and Services under this Contract 
and supplier is ------------------------; 

(g) SDC means "U.P. State Data Centre, Lucknow" 
(h) UPDESCO means "U.P.Development Systems Corporation Ltd., II Floor, UPTRON BUILDING, GOMATI 

NAGER, Lucknow-226010" 
(i)  “The Project Site”, where applicable, means the "U.P. State Data Centre, 9,Sarojini Naidu Marg,Lucknow 

for Food and Civil Supplies Department.  
(j) “Day” means calendar day. 

 
2. Application  
 
2.1 These Conditions shall apply to the extent that they are not superseded by provisions in other parts of the 

Contract. 
 
3. Standards 
 
3.1 The Goods supplied under this Contract shall conform to the standards mentioned in the Technical 

Specifications or the higher, and, when no applicable standard is mentioned, the authoritative standard 
appropriate to the Goods’ country of origin and such standards shall be the latest issued by the 
concerned O.E.M. of goods. 

 
4. Patent Rights 
 
4.1 The Supplier shall indemnify the Tendering Authority against all third-party claims of infringement of 

patent, trademark or industrial design rights arising form use of the Goods or any part thereof in India. 
 
5. Performance Security 
 
5.1      Within 7 days of the execution of the contract with the Purchaser, the successful Bidder shall furnish 

performance security in the form of bank guarantee for 8% amount of order value in favor of 
"Commissioner, Food and Civil Supplies, U.P., Lucknow" which would be valid for the period of 63 months 
from State Bank of India or its associate banks or any nationalized bank of India or scheduled bank or 
HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, IDBI Bank located in India in favor of the purchaser, in  accordance 
with the Conditions of Contract, in the Performance Security Form provided in the e-Bid documents or in 
another form acceptable to the Purchaser.  



   

Page 20 of 60 
 

5.2 During warranty period, the defective item or component is to be replaced or repairedwhatever required, 
shallbe done by the supplier to the satisfaction of the user department. 

 
5.3 The proceeds of the performance security shall be payable to the authority in favor of whom the 

performance bank guarantees being made as compensation for any loss resulting from the supplier’s 
failure to complete its obligations under the Contract. 

 
5.4 The performance security shall be denominated in Indian Rupees and shall be in the following forms only: 
 

A Bank guarantee issued by State Bank of India or its associate bank or a nationalized bank of India or a 
scheduled bank located in India or HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, IDBI Bank acceptable to the 
Purchaser, in the form provided in the e-Bid documents or another form acceptable to the Purchaser.  

 
5.5 The performance security will be discharged by the purchaser/ user department and returned to the 

Supplier not later than 60 days following the date of its validity/completion of the Supplier’s performance 
obligations including any warranty obligations under the contract. 

 
5.6 In the event of any contract amendment the Supplier shall within 7 days of receipt of such amendment 

furnish the amendment to the Performance Security rendering the same valid for the duration of the 
Contract as amended for 60 days after the completion of performance obligations including three years 
comprehensive warranty obligations of all the items. 

 
6. Inspection & Tests 
 

Inspection and tests prior to shipment of Goods and at final acceptance are as follows: 
6.1 

(i) The inspection of the Goods shall be carried out to check whether the Goods are in conformity with 
the technical specifications attached to the contract and the Conditions of Contract The Tendering 
Authority will test all the equipment prior to their delivery at sites in the office/factory of the supplier 
and the Supplier will dispatch the inspected & tested goods by the Tendering Authority to the 
ultimate consignee along with manufacturer’s warranty certificate. Complete hardware and software 
as specified in Section III(B) should be supplied, installed and commissioned properly against the 
purchase order of the Tendering Authority by the supplier prior to commencement of performance 
tests, if not carried out by the Tendering Authority prior to their delivery at sites. Items Whose 
Inspection is possible only after installation, then Inspection of those items shall be carried out at 
Installation site. For site preparation, as stated in Clause 35 the supplier should furnish all details to 
the Tendering Authority sufficiently in advance so as to get the works completed before receipt of 
the equipment.  

 
(ii) The acceptance test will be conducted by the purchaser, their consultant or any other person 

nominated by the purchaser, at its option. There shall not be any additional charges for carrying out 
acceptance tests. The acceptance will involve trouble-free operation during acceptance testing 
period. No malfunction, partial or complete failure of any part of hardware or drivers etc. or bugs in 
the software should occur. All the software should be complete and no missing module/sections will 
be allowed. During acceptance tests, the items having the same or higher technical specifications 
as given inthe contract shall only be accepted. The Supplier shall maintain necessary log in respect 
of the result of the  tests  to establish to the entire satisfaction of the purchaser. An average uptake 
efficiency of 98% for the duration of test period shall be considered as satisfactory. 

 
(iii) In the event of the Hardware and Software failing to pass the acceptance test, if carried out at site 

of installation, a period not exceeding two weeks will be given to rectify the defects and clear the 
acceptance test, failing which the Tendering Authority reserves the rights to get the equipment’s 
replaced by the supplier at no extra cost to the purchaser.  

 
(iv) Successful conducts and the conclusion of the acceptance test for the installed goods   and 

equipment shall also be the sole responsibility and at the cost of the supplier. 
 



   

Page 21 of 60 
 

6.2  The inspections and tests will be conducted on the premises of the Supplier prior to delivery of the Goods 
at final destination. For conducting the inspection and tests at the premises of the Supplier, all reasonable 
facilities and assistance, including access to drawings and production data shall be furnished by the 
supplier at no charge to the inspectors of the purchaser. Supplier shall intimate to the Tendering Authority 
indicating that the computer systems and other equipment are ready for inspection and the Tendering 
Authority can send their representative for inspection at their premises. After receipt of such intimation 
from the Supplier, the Tendering Authority shall arrange for pre-dispatch inspection and test. After the 
computer system passes in the inspection and tests, the Supplier shall deliver and install the system and 
all other items at the respective sites within the time schedule given in the Schedule of Requirements. 

 
6.3 Should any inspected or tested Goods fail to conform to the specifications, the Tendering Authority may 

reject the goods and the Supplier shall either replace the rejected Goods or make alterations necessary 
to meet specification requirements free of cost to the Purchaser. 

 
6.4 The Purchaser’s rights to inspect, test and, where necessary, reject the Goods after the Goods’ arrival at 

Project Site shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the Goods having previously been 
inspected, tested and passed by the Tendering Authority or its representative prior to the Goods 
shipment. 

 
6.5 Manual and Drawing 
 

6.5.1 Before the goods and equipment taken over by the representative of the project site(s), the 
supplier shall supply operation/user manual together with equipment if any. These shall be in such 
detail as will enable the Tendering Authority to operate all the equipment as stated in the 
specifications. 
 

6.5.2 The manual shall be in the ruling language (English or Hindi) and in such form and numbers as 
stated in the purchase order. Manual may be in CD/DVD Format also. 

 
6.5.3 Unless and otherwise agreed the goods and equipment shall not be considered to be completed 

for the purpose of taking over until such manuals as stated in the  purchase order have been 
supplied to the Purchaser. 

 
7. Packing 
 
7.1 The Supplier shall provide such packing of the Goods as is required to prevent their damage or 

deterioration during transit to their final destination as indicated in the purchase order The packing shall 
be sufficient to withstand, without limitation, rough handling during transit and exposure to extreme 
temperatures, salt and precipitation during  transit  and  open  storage. Packing case size and weights 
shall take into Consideration where appropriate, the remoteness of the Goods’ final destination and the 
absence of heavy handling facilities at all points in transit. 

 
7.2 The packing, making and documentation within and outside the packages shall comply strictly with such 

special requirements as shall be provided for in the Contract. 
 
8. Delivery and Documentation 
 

Upon delivery of the Goods, the supplier shall notify the Tendering Authority and the insurance company 
by fax the full details of the shipment including purchase order number, description of goods, quantity, 
name of the consignee etc. The supplier shall mail the following documents to the purchaser:-  
 

(a) 3 copies of the supplier’s invoice showing goods description, quantity, unit price, total amount; 
(b) Delivery challans duly signed & stamped by the consignee i.e. by the representatives of project sites. 
(c) Manufacturers/Supplier’s warranty certificate; 
(d) Goods inspection report.  

 
9. Insurance 

 
For delivery of goods at site, the insurance shall be obtained by the supplier at their cost of the amount 
equal to 110% of the value of the goods from warehouse of the supplier to the final destinations of 



   

Page 22 of 60 
 

installation defined as project site on “All Risks” basis including war risks and strikes. It will be the sole 
responsibility of the supplier to file the claim, if any, with the Insurance Company immediately after 
delivery of goods at project sites. 

 
10. Transportation 
 
10.1 The Supplier is required under the Contract to transport the Goods to the specified destinations within 

U.P. defined as Project sites. 
 
11. Incidental Services  
 
11.1 The  following services shall be furnished and the cost shall be included in the contract rates: 
 

a. On-site delivery & satisfactory installation of all the items; 
b. Furnishing all the manuals as per purchase order to the project sites; and 
c. Maintenance and repair of the equipment at each location during the comprehensive warranty period  

including the cost of all spares.  
 
12. Spare Parts  

 
Supplier shall carry sufficient inventories to assure ex-stock availability of spares. Supplier shall ensure 
the availability of all spare parts for after sale service support for a period of at least five years including 
the comprehensive warranty period of  the items. 

 
13. Warranty 
 
13.1 The Supplier warrants that the Goods supplied under this Contract are new, unused, of the most recent or 

current models and that they incorporate all recent improvements in design and materials unless provided 
otherwise in the Contract. The Supplier further warrants that all Goods supplied under this Contract shall 
have no defect arising from design materials or workmanship or from any act or omission of the Supplier 
that may develop under normal use of the supplied Goods in the conditions prevailing in the country of 
final destination. 

 
13.2 The warranty shall be 24x7 comprehensive for all the equipment’s, parts and components (excluding 

consumable items.The Warranty period are given in column 3 of technical specification. The period of 
warranty shall be considered from the date of installation and acceptance of the Goods or 3 months more 
fhan warranty period from the date of delivery at project sites, whichever occurs earlier for all the items. 
The supplier shall in addition comply with the performance guarantees specified under the contract. If for 
reasons attributable to the supplier, these guarantees are not attained in whole or in part, the Supplier 
shall, make such changes, modifications and or additions to the Goods or any part thereof as may be 
necessary in order to attain the contractual guarantees specified in the Contract at its own cost and 
expense and to carry out further performance tests in accordance with CC6. 
 

13.3 The Tendering Authority shall promptly notify the Supplier in writing of any claims arising under this 
warranty. 

 
13.4 During warranty period, the defective item or component shall be replaced or repairedwhatever required, 

by the supplier or the service centre authorised by the supplier, to the satisfaction of the user 
departments. 

 
13.5 The supplier shall guarantee a 99.749%uptime of systems/peripherals and all other items. 

13.7 If any items give continuous trouble say six times in one month during the warranty period, the supplier 
shall replace those items with new one without any additional cost to purchaser. 

13.9 Maintenance service and penalty  
 



   

Page 23 of 60 
 

13.9.1 The maximum response time for rectification of complaintbe to ensure that all Hardware execute without 
defect or interruption for at least 99.749%up time for 24 hours a day, 7 days of the week of operation of 
the machine worked on a quarterly basis. 

For Maintenace  Response & Resolution Time is as follows:- 
Broad level Priority classification along with time frame for Response / Resolution time isShow cased below. 

  
Response time: is defined as the time between receipt of the incidence (helpdesk call/ receipt of alarm generated by 
management system) and a support team member begins working on the incidence. 

  
Resolution time: is defined as the total time between receipt of the incidence (helpdesk call/ receipt of alarm 
generated by management system) and the incidence been resolved. 

 
uptime shall be calculated separately for each Items Supplied under this agreement. 
 

1 

Data Centre 
Uptime (all  IT 
equipment/Comp
onent installed  in 
the SDC by 
Supplier) 

Uptime  =  {1  -
[(Item downtime)    /    
(Total Time-   
Maintenance Time)]} 
* 100 

>=99.749% NA 

<97.749% 

For every 0.25% degradation in 
the uptime there will be a penalty 
of 2% of Quaterly payment of 
item. 

 
13.9.2 The Complete supplier’s service centers/service providers detail to lodge compalin are given below; 

    ...................... 

     ------- 

14. Payment  
 

Payment for Goods and Services shall be made in Indian Rupees as follows: 
 

(i)   On Delivery :-Eighty percent (70%) of the total price of all  the goods given in the purchase order shall 
be paid by the Tendering Authority to the supplier on receipt of all the inspected & tested goods at 
project sites and upon submission of the documents specified in Clause 8.  

(ii)  On Installation :- The ten  percent (10%)  amount of the order value of the goods received shall be 
paid to the supplier after successful installation of all the items and submission of all installation 
reports duly signed & stamped by the representatives of all the project sitesThe T.D.S. as applicable 
will be deducted from this payment on the value of installation and warranty service charges quoted 
by the supplier in their e-bid. 

(iii) On PBG Submission : The 10 percent (10%)  amount of the order value of the goods shall be paid 
on submission on Performance Bank Gurranty as per contract. 

(iv)  Quartely Payment: The remaining 10% shall be paid on Quarterly basis i.e. 0.5% after every 
quarterafter deducting penalty if any as per clause 13.9 Maintenance and penalty for non 
performance. 

.  
The T.D.S. as applicable will be deducted from payments as per rule.  

 
15. Prices  
 
15.1 Prices payable to the Supplier as stated in the Contract shall remain fixed during the performance of the 

contract. However, in the event of any increase/decrease in Government taxes/duties as applicable at the 
time of delivery, the prices shall be adjusted at the time of payment on submission of their proof by the 
supplier to the purchaser. In case during the period of the supply, the equipments of the same 
specifications are being supplied in other departments on the lower rate by the supplier, the supplier will 
have to supply those equipments with matching price. In case at the time of delivery of the equipments, 
higher specification equipments on the same price as quoted/approved in the e-Bid by the supplier are 



   

Page 24 of 60 
 

being supplied to other department (s), the supplier will have to supply the higher specification 
equipments on the quoted/approved rates. 

 
16. Change Orders 
 
16.1 The Tendering Authority may at any time, by written order given to the Supplier make changes within the 

general scope of the Contract in any one or more of the following: 
 

(a) technical specifications where Goods to be furnished under the Contract are to be specifically 
manufactured for the Purchaser; 

(b) the method of shipping or packing; 
(c) the place of delivery; and/or 
(d) the Service to be provided by the Supplier. 

 
16.2 If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, the Supplier’s 

performance of any provisions under the Contract, an equitable adjustment shall be made in the Contract 
Price or delivery schedule, or both, and the Contract shall accordingly be amended. Any claims by the 
Supplier for adjustment under this clause must be asserted within seven (7) days from the date of the 
Supplier’s receipt of the Purchaser’s change order. 

 
17. Contract Amendments 
 
17.1 Subject to condition of contract clause 16 no variation in or modification of the terms of the contract shall 

be made except by written amendment signed by the parties. 
 
18. Assignment 
 
18.1 The Supplier shall not assign, in whole or in parts its obligations to perform under the Contract to any 

other firm except with the Purchaser’s prior written consent. 
 

19. Delivery of the Goods and Delay in the Supplier’s Performance 
 
19.1 The inspection and test of the systems and all other items shall be carried out by the Tendering Authority 

prior to its dispatch by the Supplier at final destination and for this purpose the Supplier shall intimate to 
the Tendering Authority that the systems and other items are ready for inspection and test. After receipt of 
such intimation from the Supplier, the Tendering Authority will arrange the inspection and test of the 
systems and other items at the premise of Supplier. After systems and other items pass the test, theitems 
which are inspected and accepted during acceptance testing by the Tendering Authority shall be packed 
by the supplier and the representative of Tendering Authority will put a unique number, their seal and 
signature on each of the packet. The Supplier shall deliver the sealed unbroken packets to the project site 
and install the systems and all other items at the respective site within the time schedule given in the 
Schedule of Requirements.  

19.2 If at any time during performance of the Contract the Supplier should encounter conditions impeding 
timely delivery of the Goods and performance of Services, the Supplier shall promptly notify the 
Tendering Authority in writing of the fact of the delay, its likely duration and its cause(s). As soon as 
practicable after receipt of the Supplier’s notice, the Tendering Authority shall evaluate the situation and 
may, at its discretion, extend the Supplier’s time for performance with or without liquidated damages, in 
which case the extension shall be ratified by the parties by amendment of the Purchase order. 

19.3 Except as provided under conditions of contract clause 22, a delay by the Supplier in the performance of 
its delivery obligations shall render the Supplier liable to the imposition of liquidated damages pursuant to 
conditions of Contract unless an extension of time is agreed upon pursuant to conditions of Contract 
without the application of liquidated damages. 
 

20. Liquidated Damages 
 

20.1 Subject to conditions of Contract if the Supplier fails to deliver or install any or all of the Goods or to 
perform the Services within the period(s) specified in the Contract, the Tendering Authority shall, without 
prejudice to its other remedies under the Contract, deduct from the Contract price, as liquidated 



   

Page 25 of 60 
 

damages, a sum equivalent to 1.0% of the delivered price of the delayed Goods or unperformed Services 
for each week or part thereof delay until actual delivery or installation or performance, up to a maximum 
deduction of 10%.  Once the maximum penalty is reached, the Tendering Authority may consider 
termination of the Contract/work order order pursuant to conditions of Contract Clause 21.  

 
21. Termination for Default 
 
21.1 The Tendering Authority may, without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of contract, by written 

notice of default sent to the Supplier, terminate the Contract in whole or part: 
 

(a) if the Supplier fails to deliver any or all of the Goods within the  period(s) specified in the Contract, or 
within any extension thereof granted by the Tendering Authority pursuant to CC clause no. 19.2 or 

 

(b) if the Supplier fails to perform any other obligation(s) under the Contract 
 
21.1 In the event the Tendering Authority terminates the Contract in whole or in part, pursuant to the conditions 

of contract clause no. 21.1 Tendering Authority may procure, upon such terms and in such manner as it 
deems appropriate. Goods or Services similar to those undelivered, and the Supplier shall be liable to the 
Tendering Authority for any excess costs for such similar Goods or Services. However, the supplier shall 
continue the performance of the Contract to the extent not terminated. 

 
22. Force Majeure  
 
22.1 Notwithstanding the provisions of conditions of contract clause no. 19,20 & 21 the Supplier shall not be 

liable for forfeiture of its performance security, liquidated damages or termination for default, if and to the 
extent that, its delay in performance or other failure to perform its obligations under the Contract is the 
result of an event of Force Majeure. 

 
22.2 For purpose of this Clause, “Force Majeure” means an event beyond the control of the Supplier and not 

involving the Supplier’s fault or negligence and not foreseeable. Such events may include, but are not 
limited to, acts of the Tendering Authority either in its sovereign or contractual capacity, wars or 
revolutions, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions and freight embargoes. If a Force Majeure 
situation arises the Supplier shall promptly notify the Tendering Authority in writing of such conditions and 
the cause thereof. Unless otherwise directed by the Tendering Authority in writing, the Supplier shall 
continue to perform its obligations under the Contract as far as is reasonably practical, and shall seek all 
reasonable alternative means for performance not prevented by the Force Majeure event. 

 
23. Termination for Insolvency 
 
23.1 The Tendering Authority may at any time terminate the Contract by giving written notice to the Supplier, if 

the Supplier becomes bankrupt or otherwise insolvent. In this event termination will be without 
compensation to the Supplier, provided that such termination will not prejudice or affect any right of action 
or remedy which has accrued or will accrue thereafter to the Purchaser. 

 
 
24. Termination for Convenience 
 
24.1 The Purchaser, by written notice sent to the Supplier may terminate the Contract, in whole or in part, at 

any time for its convenience. The notice of termination shall specify that termination is for the Purchaser’s 
convenience, the extent to which performance of the Supplier under the Contract is terminated, and the 
date upon which such termination becomes effective. 

 
24.2 The Goods that are complete and ready for shipment at the time of Supplier’s receipt of notice of 

termination shall be accepted by the Tendering Authority at the Contract terms and prices. For the 
remaining Goods, the Tendering Authority may elect: 

 

(a) to have any portion completed and delivered at the Contract terms and prices; and/or 
(b) to cancel the remainder and pay to the Supplier an agreed amount for partially Completed Goods. 

 



   

Page 26 of 60 
 

25. Settlement of Disputes 
 
25.1 If any dispute or difference of any kind whatsoever shall arise between the Tendering Authority and the 

Supplier in connection with or arising out of the Contract the parties shall make every effort to resolve 
amicably such dispute or difference by mutual consultation. 
 

25.2 If, after thirty (30) days, the parties have failed to resolve their dispute or difference by  such mutual 
consultation, then either the Tendering Authority or the Supplier may give notice to other party of its 
intention to commence arbitration, as hereinafter provided, as to the matter in dispute, and no arbitration 
in respect of this matter may be commenced unless such notice is given. 

 
25.3 Any dispute or difference in respect of which a notice of intention to commence arbitration has been given 

in accordance with this Clause shall be finally settled by arbitration. Arbitration may be commenced prior 
to or after delivery of the Goods under the Contract. 

 
25.4 

25.4.1 In case of dispute or difference arising between the Tendering Authority and a domestic supplier 
relating to any matter arising out of or connected with this agreement, such dispute or difference 
shall be settled in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996. The Arbitral Tribunal 
shall consist of 3 arbitrators and one each to be appointed by the Tendering Authority and the 
Supplier. The third Arbitrator shall be chosen by the two Arbitrator appointed by the parties and 
shall act as Presiding arbitrator. In case of failure of two arbitrators appointed by the parties to 
reach upon a consensus within a period of 30 days from the appointment of the arbitrator 
appointed subsequently, the Presiding Arbitrator shall be appointed by the Principal 
Secretary/Secretary, IT & Electronics Department, Govt of U.P.  

 
 25.4.2 If one of the parties fails to appoint its arbitrator in pursuance of sub-clause 25.4.1 above, within 30 

days after receipt of the notice of the appointment of its arbitrator by the other party, then the 
Presiding Arbitrator shall be nominated by Principal Secretary/Secretary, IT & Electronics 
Department, Govt of U.P. both in case of foreign supply as well as Indian supply, who shall 
appoint the arbitrator. A certified copy of the order of the Principal Secretary/Secretary, IT 
&Electronics Department, Govt of U.P, making such an appointment shall be furnished to each of 
the parties. 

 
25.4.3 Arbitration proceedings shall be held at Lucknow, India, and the language of the arbitration 

proceedings and that of all documents and communications between the parties shall be in 
English or Hindi. 

 
 25.4.4 The decision of the majority of the arbitrators shall be final and binding upon both  parties. The 

cost and expenses of arbitration proceedings will be paid as determined by the arbitral tribunal. 
However the expenses incurred by each party in connection with the preparation, presentation 
etc. of its proceedings as also the fees and expenses paid to the arbitrator appointed by such 
party or on its behalf shall be borne by each party itself.  

 
25.5 Notwithstanding any reference to arbitration herein. 

 

(a) the parties shall continue to perform their respective obligations under the Contract unless they 
otherwise agree; and 

(b) the Tendering Authority shall pay the Supplier any monies due to the Supplier. 
 
26. Limitation of Liability 
 
26.1 Except in cases of criminal negligence or willful misconduct, and in the case of Infringement pursuant to 

CC Clause 4. 
 

(a) the Supplier shall not be liable to the Purchaser, whether in contract tort, or otherwise, for any indirect 
or consequential loss of damage, loss of use, loss of production, or loss of profits or interest costs, 



   

Page 27 of 60 
 

provided that this exclusion shall not apply to any obligation of the supplier to pay liquidated damages 
to the Purchaser; and 

(b) the aggregate liability of the Supplier to the Purchaser, whether under the Contract, in tort or 
otherwise, shall not exceed the total value of items ordered under this Contract provided that this 
limitation shall not apply to the cost of repairing or replacing defective equipment.  

 
27. Governing Language 
 
27.1 The Contract shall be written in English or Hindi language Subject to condition of contract clause 28, 

English language version of the Contract shall govern its interpretation. All correspondence and other 
documents pertaining to the Contract which are exchanged by the parties shall be written in the same 
language. 
 

28. Applicable Law 
 

The Contract shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Union of India. 
 

29. Notices 
 
29.1 Any notice given by one party to the other pursuant to this Contract shall be sent to other party in writing 

or by fax and confirmed in writing to the other Party’s address. For the purpose of all notices, the following 
shall be the address of the Tendering Authority and Supplier  

 
Purchaser: U.P. Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 

     II Floor, UPTRON BUILDING, Gomati Nager, 
     Lucknow (U.P.) - 226 010 

Supplier: (To be filled in at the time of Contract execution) 
  …………………………………. 
  …………………………………. 

   ................................................ 
29.2 A notice shall be effective when delivered or on the notice’s effective date whichever is later. 

 
30. Taxes and Duties 
 
30.1 Suppliers shall be entirely responsible for all taxes, duties, license fees, octroi, road permits etc. incurred 

until delivery of the contracted Goods to the Purchaser. 
 
31. Right to use defective equipment 
 

If after delivery, acceptance and installation and within the guarantee and warranty period, the operation 
or use of the equipment proves to be unsatisfactory, the Tendering Authority shall have the right to 
continue to operate or use such equipment until rectification of defects, errors or omissions by repair or by 
partial or complete replacement is made without interfering with the Purchaser’s operation. 

 
32. Supplier Integrity 
 

The supplier is responsible for and obliged to conduct all contracted activities in accordance with the 
contracts using state-of-the-art methods and economic principles and exercising all means available to 
achieve the performance specified in the contract.  

 
33. Supplier’s Obligations  
 

The supplier is obliged to work closely with the purchaser’s staff, act within its own authority and abide by 
directives issued by the Tendering Authority and implementation activities. The supplier is abide by the job 
safety measures prevalent in India and will free the Tendering Authority from all demands or 
responsibilities arising from accidents or loss of life the cause of which is the supplier’s negligence. The 
supplier will pay all indemnities arising from such incidents and will not hold the Tendering Authority 
responsible or obligated. The supplier is responsible for managing the activities of its personnel and will 



   

Page 28 of 60 
 

hold itself responsible for any misdemeanors. The supplier will treat as confidential all data and 
information about the purchaser, obtained in the execution of his responsibilities, in strict confidence and 
will not reveal such information to any other party without the prior written approval of the purchaser. 

 
34. Patent Right  
 

In the event of any claim asserted by a third party of infringement of copy right, patent, trademark or 
industrial design rights arising from the use of the Goods or any parts thereof in the Purchaser’s country, 
the supplier shall act expeditiously to extinguish such claim. If the supplier fails to comply and the 
Tendering Authority is required to pay compensation to a third party resulting from such infringement, the 
supplier shall be responsible for the compensation including all expenses (court costs and lawyer fees). 
The Tendering Authority will give notice to the supplier of such claim, if it is made without delay. 

 
35. Site Preparation and Installation  
 

Incharge of the project site is solely responsible for site preparation in compliance with the technical and 
environmental specifications defined by the supplier. The incharge of project site will designate the 
installation site before the scheduled installation date to allow the supplier to perform a site inspection to 
verify the appropriateness of the sites before the installation of the Hardware and Software. 

 
36. Hardware and Software Installation 
 

The Supplier is responsible for all unpacking, assemblies, installations of all hardware and software, 
cabling between hardware units and connecting to power supplies. The supplier will test all hardware & 
software operations and accomplish all adjustments necessary for successful and continuous operation of 
the hardware & software at all installation sites. 

 
37. Hardware and software Maintenance  
 

The supplier will accomplish preventive and breakdown maintenance activities to ensure that all 
Hardware execute without defect or interruption for at least 99.749%up time for 24 hours a day, 7 days of 
the week of operation of the machine worked on a quarterly basis. 
 

38. Technical Documentation 
The Technical Documentation involving detailed instruction for operation is to be delivered with every unit 
of the equipment supplied if mentioned in the purchase order. The language of the documentation shall be 
English or Hindi. 

 
  



   

Page 29 of 60 
 

 
SECTION III : TECHNICAL E-BID 

 
 
 

III(A)  E-BID FORM 
 
III(B)  SCHEDULE OF REQUIREMENTS 
 
III(C)  TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 
 
III(D)  QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 
 
III(E)  BID SECURITY FORM 
 
III(F)  CONTRACT FORM 
 
III(H)  SERVICE SUPPORT UNDERTAKING 
 
III(I)  CAPABILITY STATEMENT 
 
III(J)  PERFORMANCE SECURITY FORM 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  



   

Page 30 of 60 
 

SECTION III (A) : e-BID FORM 
Date : ………………… 
No.:UPDESCO/HW/2018/Food 

To :  
 
 The Managing Director, 
 U.P.Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 
 II Floor, UPTRON BUILDING, Gomati Nager, 
 Lucknow (U.P.) - 226 010 

. 
Sir,  

Having examined the e-Bid Documents, the receipt of which is hereby duly acknowledged, we, the 
undersigned, offer to supply and deliver _______________________________________________ 
_______________________________________________(Description of Goods and Services) in 
conformity with the said e-Bid Documents and hereby undertake that we accept all the Conditions of the 
Contract (Section II) of the E-Bid document and will supply the computer systems and other 
items/materials as per the Technical Specifications (Section IIII) of the e-Bid documents. We further 
undertake that we fulfill the Qualification Requirements (Section III(D)) and for this purpose we enclose 
the details. In addition to this, the particulars of our organization such as legal status, details of 
experience and past performance, service support details, capability statement and the required bid 
security in shape of bank guarantee are furnished with this e-Bid form. 

We further undertake, if our e-Bid is accepted, to deliver the goods in accordance with the delivery 
schedule specified in the Schedule of Requirements (Section III (B)). 

If our e-Bid is accepted, we will obtain the guarantee of a bank in the form prescribed by the Tendering 
Authority for a sum equivalent to 10% of the Contract price for the due performance of the Contract. 

We agree to abide by this e-Bid for the E-Bid validity period specified in Clause 13.1 of the ITB and it 
shall remain binding upon us and may be accepted at any time before the expiration of that period. 

Until a formal contract is prepared and executed, this e-Bid, together with your written acceptance 
thereof and your notification of award shall constitute a binding Contract between us.  All the terms and 
conditions of the e-Tender Document are acceptable to us. 

We undertake that, in competing for (and, if the award is made to us, in executing) the above contract, 
we will strictly observe the laws against fraud and corruption in force in India namely “Prevention of 
Corruption Act 1998”. 

We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any e-Bid you may receive. 

Dated this ……….. day of  …………… 20….. 

________________________  ____________________________________ 

(Signature)        (in the capacity of) 
 

Duly authorized to sign E-Bid for and on behalf of ___________________________ 

  



   

Page 31 of 60 
 

SECTION III (B) : SCHEDULES OF REQUIREMENTS 

  
Items Brief 
Description 

Destination Delivery Schedule Bid 
Security 

As per the details given in the 

SECTION III I TECHNICAL  

SPECIFICATIONS 

 
 

State Data centre 
U.P, Government 
of Uttar Pradesh 

42 daysfrom the date of issue of the 
purchase order and installed within 7 

day thereafter. 
The pre dispatch inspection of the 

items shall be done by the Tendering 
Authority before delivery at final 

destination, 
 

As per Bid 
Security Clause 

 
  



 

Page 32 of 60 
 

SECTION III (C) TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 
FORFood and Civil Supplies department to be installed in U.P.State Data Centre, Lucknow, Government of Uttar Pradesh, 

 
Sr No  Required Items with Technical Specifications Warrant

y Period 
(in 
Years) 

Quan-
tity 

Make & Mode Complian
ce 
(Yes/No) 

Deviati
on 
(Specify 

1  2 3 4 5 6 7 
        

1  Blade Enclosure 5 year 1    
Solution 
requirement 

Proposed solution should support provisioning virtual, physical 
and container infrastructure from pools of compute, storage and 
networking resources 

  
   

Solution should have single console provisioning for compute, 
storage and server side network configuration with choice of 
direct attach storage, iSCSI, FCoE and FC SAN 

  
   

Solution should support API to integrate into popular 
management tools such as Microsoft SystemsCenter/VMWare 
vCenter and into open source automation & DevOps tools such 
as Chef, Docker, Puppet, Mesosphere, and OpenStack  

  
   

Solution should support software defined templates to quickly 
make changes to the infrastructure. Template should include 
server BIOS, firmware, boot order, RAID, storage configs and 
network config of the infrastructure required for workload 

  
   

Solution should support scripting to reassign compute resources 
to different worklaods to effectively utilize the infrastructure (re 
provision compute resources from one workload to another) 

  
   

Blade Chassis Solution to house the required number of blade servers in 
smallest number of enclosures. 

     
Should support full height and half height blades in the same 
enclosure, occupying a max of 10U rack height 

     
Should support six interconnect bays to configure in 3+3 
redundacy 

     
Enclosure should support Intel Xeon processors based 2 CPU 
and 4 CPU blades and storage Blades 

     
Should support built-in management in redundancy with 
separate management network from production network.  

     



   

Page 33 of 60 
 

 Should support technology built-in to every chassis for Auto-
Discovery of resources 

     
Chassis should provide display port and USB port to connnect 
Laptop/Monitor locally 

     
Should support linking multiple enclosures (at least 20 
enclosures) together to form single management ring to reduce 
complexity and provide single console of management for 
connected enclosures 

  
   

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Converged 
interconnect 

Interconnect should support 20Gbps downlinks to the Blades in 
redundancy 

     
Should support carving 4 Flexible NICs or 3 Flexible NICs and 1 
FlexHBA per 20Gb downlink 

     
Each FlexHBA should support to transport either Fiber Channel 
over Ethernet/CEE or Accelerated iSCSI protocol 

     
Should support at least six QSFP+ for external uplink to choose 
Ethernet and FC uplinks as needed 

       
Should support aggregation of multiple enclosures to 
consolidate data center network connections, reduce hardware 
and to scale network bandwidth across multiple enclosures. 

    
   

Layer 2 network traffic should be switched within enclosure 
aggregation (without using top of the rack switch) 

       
When multiple chassis aggregated, switching latency between 
enclosures should not exceed 1.0 micro second for Ethernet 

       
Should support Multi-module link aggregation (MLAG) for 
resiliency against interconnect failure 

       
Blade Server 
Interconnect to 
LAN/ Network 

The solution should be proposed with 4* 10Gbps Ethernet 
uplinks in redundancy to connect to the data center switch. 

    
   

Blade Server 
Interconnect to 
Fiber Channel 
SAN 

The solution should be proposed with 4* 16 Gbps Fiber Channel 
uplinks in redundancy to connect to the data center switch. 

    
   

Power Supply The enclosure should be populated fully with power supplies of 
the highest capacity available with the vendor. Power supplies 
should support N+N as well as N+1 redundancy configuration, 
where N is greater than 1. 

    
   

Should offer a single phase power subsystem enabled with 
technologies for lower power consumption and offering Platinum 
energy efficiency. Vendors should provide documents certifying 

    
   



   

Page 34 of 60 
 

the claims. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Cooling Each blade enclosure should have a cooling subsystem 
consisting of redundant hot pluggable fans or blowers enabled 
with technologies for improved power consumption and 
acoustics 

    
   

Warranty 5 years comprehensive warranty        
System 
Software Management/controlling softwares have to be from the OEM.  

       
Chassis 
management 
capabilities 

Solution should support redundant physical management 
appliances within an enclosure or on multiple connected 
enclosures with failover and high-availability 

    
   

Should support auto-discovery of Compute, Memory, Storage 
and Fabrics within an enclosure or on multiple connected 
enclosures. 

    
   

Should support activity, Health and Power LEDs for immediate 
status 

       
Should support software-defined intelligence for configuring 
profiles to provision compute, storage, fabrics and images 

       
Should support Firmware and OS Driver updates for the servers 
using profile templates to monitor, flag, and remediate 

       
Should offer collaborative user interface which support logical 
resources to physical resources mapping, Smart Search, Activity 
Log, HTML5 mobile access, and Customizable Dashboard 

  
   

Should provide a dedicated 10GbE or higher management 
network for multi-enclosure communications, separate from data 
plane 

  
   

Should support frictionless Firmware and OS Driver updates 
using profile templates to 'monitor, flag, and remediate 

     

Should support reporting capabilities for      
1) asset and inventory information for the devices in the 
enclosures 

     
2) thermal and power information, including real-time actual 
power usage per server and per enclosure 

     

Reports should be exportable to csv or Microsoft Excel format      
Integration with 
virtualization 
and open 
source software 

Should support integration with popular virtualization offerings 
VMware vCenter and Microsoft system center 

     
Should support integration with open source automation and 
DevOps tools such as Chef, Docker and OpenStack 

     
 Quoted Product should not be end of Life/end of support for next        



   

Page 35 of 60 
 

5 year 
2  Web Server ( Blade Server) 5 year 8    
 CPU Blade server should be proposed with 2*Intel® Xeon-Gold (2.1GHz/16-core) or latest. 

       

  
Memory 

Server should be proposed with 128 GB memory scalable up to 
768 GB using DDR4 memory operating at 2666 MT/s memory 
bandwidth 

    
   

   Should be capable of identifying and reporting whether genuine OEM memory is installed for system reliability. 
       

  Memory 
Protection 

Proposed server should support advanced ECC with multi-bit 
error protection, Online spare, mirrored memory and fast fault 
tolerance 

    
   

  Hard disk drive 2 * 1.2TB or higher hot plug SFF SAS drives for Hypervisor installation 
       

  Storage 
Controller 

Server should be proposed with 12Gb/s SAS Raid Controller 
supporting RAID 0/1/1+0 with Secure encryption/data at rest 
Encryption 

    
   

  Networking 
features 

Server should be proposed with Converged Network Adaptor 
supporting 3* Ethernet and 1* FC HBA ports per 20Gbps 
downlink port or 4 ports 10Gbps Converged Network adaptor 

    
   

  Interfaces Minimum of 1* internal USB 3.0 port ,1* internal SDHC card slot and 1* external USB 3.0 port 
       

  
Bus Slots 

Minimum of 2 Nos of x16 PCIe 3.0 based mezzanine slots 
supporting Converged Ethernet, Ethernet, FC adapters and SAS 
adaptors 

    
   

  
Embedded 
system 
management 

Should support integration with management software to deliver 
‘composable infrastructure' with a view of resources. This should 
be flexible and scalable solution providing IT managers with the 
architecture to implement their software-defined data center 
(SDDC) -- and to address the changing business needs and the 
challenges of today's enterprise data centers 

    

   

  
 

Should support Gigabit out of band management port to monitor 
the servers for ongoing management, service alerting and 
reporting 

    
   

   Should support UEFI to configure and boot the servers securely        
   System should support RESTful API integration        
  

 
System management should support provisioning servers by 
discovering and deploying 1 to few servers with embedded  
Provisioning tool 

    
   



   

Page 36 of 60 
 

  
 

System should support embedded remote support to transmit 
hardware events directly to OEM or an authorized partner for 
automated phone home support 

    
   

  System Security Power-on password        
   Administrator's password        
   Keyboard password (QuickLock)        
  

 

Remote management On System Management Chipset with 
SSL encryption, Secure Shell version 2, Advanced Encryption 
Standard (AES) and Triple Data Encryption Standard (3DES) on 
browser, CLP and XML scripting interface, AES and RC4 
encryption of video 

    

   

   External USB port enable/disable        
   Network server mode        
   Serial interface control        
   TPM (Trusted Platform Module) 1.2 or 2.0 option        
   Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)        
   Intel® Advanced Encryption Standard-New Instructions (AES-NI) 

       

 OS Support Microsoft Windows Server      
  Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)      
  SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES)      
  VMware      
 

System tuning 
for performance  

1. System should support feature for improved workload 
throughput for applications sensitive to frequency fluctuations. 
This feature should allow processor operations in turbo mode 
without the frequency fluctuations associated with running in 
turbo mode 

  

   

  2. System should support workload Profiles for simple performance optimization 
     

 Warranty Server Warranty includes 5-Year Parts, 5-Year Labor, 5-Year Onsite support with next business day response.  
     

 Provisioning 1. Should support tool to provision server using RESTful API to discover and deploy servers at scale 
     

 
 

2, Provision one to many servers using own scripts to discover 
and deploy with Scripting Tool (STK) for Windows and Linux or 
Scripting Tools for Windows PowerShell 

  
   

 Firmware 1. For firmware security, system should support remote      



   

Page 37 of 60 
 

security management chip creating a fingerprint in the silicon, preventing 
servers from booting up unless the firmware matches the 
fingerprint. This feature should be immutable 

 
 

2. Should maintain repository for firmware and drivers recipes to 
aid rollback or patching of compromised firmware. Should also 
store Factory Recovery recipe preloaded to rollback to factory 
tested secured firmware 

  
   

 
Embedded 
Remote 
Management 
and firmware 
security 

1. System remote management should support browser based 
graphical remote console along with Virtual Power button, 
remote boot using USB/CD/DVD Drive. It should be capable of 
offering upgrade of software and patches from a remote client 
using Media/image/folder; It should support server power 
capping and historical reporting and should have support for 
multifactor authentication 

  

   

  2. Server should have dedicated remote management port      
 

 

3. Remote management port should have storage space 
earmarked to be used as a repository for firmware, drivers and 
software components. The components can be organized in to 
install sets and can be used to rollback/patch faulty firmware 

  
   

  3. Server should support agentless management using the out-of-band remote management port 
     

 
 

4. The server should support monitoring and recording changes 
in the server hardware and system configuration. It assists in 
diagnosing problems and delivering rapid resolution when 
system failures occur 

  
   

 
 

5. Applications to access the server remotely using popular 
handheld devices based on Android or Apple IOS should be 
available 

  
   

  

 

6. Remote console sharing upto 6 users simultaneously during 
pre-OS and OS runtime operation, Console replay - Console 
Replay captures and stores for replay the console video during a 
server's last major fault or boot sequence. Microsoft Terminal 
Services Integration, 128 bit SSL encryption and Secure Shell 
Version 2 support. Should provide support for AES and 3DES 
on browser. Should provide remote firmware update 
functionality. Should provide support for Java free graphical 
remote console. 

    

   

  7. Should support managing multiple servers as one via      
  Group Power Control      



   

Page 38 of 60 
 

  Group Power Capping      
  Group Firmware Update      
  Group Configuration      
  Group Virtual Media      
  Group License Activation      
  8. Should support RESTful API integration      
 

 
9. System should support embedded remote support to transmit 
hardware events directly to OEM or an authorized partner for 
automated phone home support 

  
   

 
Server  
Management 

Software should support dashboard view to quickly scan the 
managed resources to assess the overall health of the data 
center. It should provide an at-a-glance visual health summary 
of the resources user is authorized to view. 

  
   

  The Dashboard minimum should display a health summary of the following: 
     

  • Server Profiles      
  • Server Hardware      
  • Appliance alerts      
  The Systems Management software should provide Role-based access control 

     

 
 

Management software should support integration with popular 
virtualization platform management software like vCenter, and 
SCVMM 

  
   

 
 

Should help provide proactive notification of actual or impending 
component failure alerts on critical components like CPU, 
Memory and HDD. 

  
   

  The Server Management Software should be of the same brand 
as of the server supplier. 

     

  Quoted Product should not be end of Life/end of support for next 
5 year 

     

        
3  Database Server (Blade Server  Active Passive Mode)  5 year  4    
  same specification as serial No 2  with 256GB RAM in 

place of 128  GB RAM 
     

        
4  Backup Server (Blade Server in Active Passive Mode)  5 year  2    



   

Page 39 of 60 
 

  specification as serial No 2  with  
two Intel® Xeon-Gold (3.2GHz/8-core) or latest in place  of 
2two Intel® Xeon-Gold (2.1GHz/16-core) 

  
   

5  Anti Virus Server 5 year 1    
 CPU Blade server should be proposed with 2*Intel® Xeon-Gold (2.1GHz/8-core) or latest. 

     

 Memory Server should be proposed with 128 GB memory using DDR4 memory operating at 2666 MT/s memory bandwidth 
     

  Rest of the specs as mentioned above      
6  NMS Server 5 Year 1    
 CPU Blade server should be proposed with 2*Intel® Xeon-Gold (2.1GHz/8-core) or latest. 

     

 Memory Server should be proposed with 128 GB memory using DDR4 memory operating at 2666 MT/s memory bandwidth 
     

  Rest of the specs as mentioned above in Web Server      
7  SAN Switch (Redundent Mode) 5 year 2    
   OEM should be Leader/challenger quadrant of gartner report for 

three consecutive year 
       

   Minimum Dual SAN switches shall be configured where each 
SAN switch shall be configured with minimum of 24 Ports.The 
switch should be rack mountable  and from ports perspective it 
must be scalable as and when required. 

    
   

   Required scalability shall not be achieved by cascading the 
number of switches and shall be offered within the common 
chassis only 

    
   

   The switch shall support Port zoning and LUN zoning, GUI 
management software 

       

   Should deliver 16 Gbit/Sec Non-blocking architecture with 1:1 
performance for up to 24 ports in a energy-efficient fashion 

       

   Should protect existing device investments with auto-sensing 4, 
8 and 16 Gbit/sec capabilities. 

       

   The switch shall support different port types such as FL_Port, 
F_Port, E_Port, Ex_Port, M_Port, U_Port, N_Port . 

       

   Should provide enterprise-class availability features such as 
redundant and hot pluggable components like power supply and 
FAN 

    
   

   Switch shall have support for web based management and 
should also support CLI. 

       



   

Page 40 of 60 
 

   The SAN switch should have capability to interface with HBA of 
different makes and model from multiple OEM, supporting 
multiple Operating Systems, including, but not limited to Linux 
and Windows platforms.  

    
   

   Product shall be provided with all the required licenses, software 
required accessories, cable etc. as applicable to meet all the 
above mentioned specification and hence the proposed solution.  

    
   

   HBA Cables shall be provided by the Bidder to meet the solution 
requirement 

       

   5 Years Comprehensive 24x7 onsite OEM Warranty         
   Switch shall support POST and online/offline diagnostics, 

including RAStrace logging, environmental monitoring, non-
disruptive daemon restart, FCping and Pathinfo (FC traceroute), 
port mirroring (SPAN port). 

    
   

   SAN switch shall support to restrict data flow from less critical 
hosts at preset bandwidths. 

       

   It should be possible to isolate the high bandwidth data flows 
traffic to specific ISLs by using simple zoning 

       

   The Switch should be configured with the Zoning and shall 
support ISL Trunking features when cascading more than 2 
numbers of SAN switches into a single fabric. 

    
   

   The switch should be rack mountable        
   The switch should have USB port for firmware download, 

support save, and configuration upload/download. 
       

   Offered SAN switch shall support services such as Quality of 
Service (QoS) to help optimize application performance in 
consolidated, virtual environments. It should be possible to 
define high, medium and low priority QOS zones to expidite 
high-priority traffic 

    

   

   Quoted Product should not be end of Life/end of support for next 
5 year 

       

          
8 Rack 1U Rack Mountable TFT Monitor with integrated KVM Console, Keyboard and Mouse 

5 Year    1    

9   SAN Storage  5 year 1    
   with 30 TB usuable Capacity  

(20 SSD Flash Hard Disk and 10 SAS Hard Disk) 
       

 Converge / 
Unified Storage 

1. Offered Storage array shall be a true converge / unified 
storage with a single Microcode / operating system instead of 

       



   

Page 41 of 60 
 

running different Microcode / Operating system / Controllers for 
File, block and object services respectively. 
 
2. Offered Storage array shall be end-to end 12Gbps enabled 
which means that both Front-end Fiber channel ports and Back-
end engines shall be operated at minimum 12Gbps speed. 

 Operating 
System & 
Clustering 
Support 

The storage array should support industry-leading Operating 
System platforms including: Windows 2012,  Windows 2016, 
VMware, Solaris, HPE-UX, IBM-AIX and Linux.  

    
   

 Capacity & 
Scalability 

1. The Storage Array shall be offered with 20TB Usable 
Capacity using  SSD drives and 10TB Usable Capacity using 
10K SAS Drives 
2. Storage shall be scalable to minimum of 400TB 3. Offered 
Storage array shall support at-least  240 SSD drives. 
4.. 

    

   

 Cache 1. Offerd Storage Array shall be given with minimum of 64GB 
cache in a single unit. 
2. Cache shall be used only for Data and Control information. 
OS overhead shall not be done inside cache. 
3. Offered Storage array shall also have additional support for 
Flash Cache using SSD / Flash drives. Both File services as 
well as Block operations shall be able to utilize flash cache. 
Minimum of 1.2TBGB Flash cache shall be supported for both 
read & write operations. 
 

    

   

 Processing 
Power 

 
 
 

    
   

 Architecture & 
Processing 
Power 

Controllers shall be true active-active so that a single logical unit 
can be shared across all offered controllers, while supporting all 
the major functionalities like Thin Provisioning, Data Tiering etc.. 
The proposed storage should support scalability to additional 
controller pair without using any kind of federation, without 
external virtualisation and not using loosely coupled clustered 
storage controllers/Scale out architecture having external SAN 
or ethernet switches for infrastructure SAN connectivity or 
should support data in place uprgdae. 

    

   

 No Single point 
of Failure 

Offered Storage Array shall be configured in a No Single Point 
of configuration including Array Controller card, Cache memory, 

       



   

Page 42 of 60 
 

FAN, Power supply etc. 
 Disk Drive 

Support 
1. Offered Storage Array shall support dual-ported / 600 / 1200 / 
1800GB hot-pluggable Enterprise SAS hard drives, Minimum of 
400GB SSD Drives along with nearline SAS drives of 2TB / 4TB 
/ 6TB /drives. 
 
2. Offered Storage shall support higher capacity SSD drives of 
more than 6TB. 

    

   

 Raid Support & 
Virtualization 

1. Offered Storage Subsystem shall support Raid 1, 5 &Raid 6. 
 
3. Every supplied disk shall be able to participate into multiple 
and different raid sets simultaneously.  
4.  

    

   

 Data Protection  Incase of Power failure, Storage array shall have de-stage 
feature to avoid any data loss. 

       

 Protocols Offered Storage array shall support all well-known protocols like 
FC, ISCSI,, SMB 3.0, NFS V4, FTP/FTPS etc. 

       

 Host Ports and 
Back-end Ports 

1. Offered Storage shall have minimum of 4 x 16Gb, 4 x 10Gbps 
ISCSI and 4 x 10Gbps IP (Ports for file operations) host ports for 
connectivity to servers.All ports (FC, ISCSI & IP) should be 
100% scalable. 
 
4. Offered storage shall have 16 number of SAS Back-end lanes 
running at 12Gbps speed. 

    

   

 Global Hot 
Spare 

1. offered Storage Array shall support distributed Global hot 
Spare for offered Disk drives. 
2. Global hot spare shall be configure as per industry practice. 

    
   

 Performance 
and Quality of 
service 

1. Shall have capability to use more than 30 drives per array 
group or raid group for better performance. 
2. Offered storage array shall support quality of service for 
critical applications so that appropriate and required response 
time can be defined for application logical units at storage. It 
shall be possible to define different service / response time for 
different application logical units. 
3. Quality of service engine shall allow to define minimum and 
maximum cap for required IOPS / bandwidth for a given logical 
units of application running at storage array. 
4. It shall be possible to change the quality of service Response 
time (In both milliseconds as well as Sub-milliseconds), IOPS, 
bandwidth specification at real time. 

    

   



   

Page 43 of 60 
 

 Thin 
Provisioning 
and Space 
optimization 

1. Offered storage array shall support Thin provisioning and Thin 
Re-claim to make the volume thin for an extended period of time 
for complete array supported raw capacity. 
 
2. Thin Re-claim (Zero Page reclaim) inside storage subsystem 
shall be automatic in nature and there shall be no need to run 
any utility inside storage for same. 
 
3. Offered Storage array shall support data reduction feature of 
De-duplication and Compression for thin volumes running on 
Solid state drives. Vendor shall support both de-duplication and 
compression on a given volume simultaneously.  
 
 
 
5. Offered storage array shall be tightly integrated with VMware 
so that Eager zero disks layout can be used with thin 
provisioning and thin re-claim. 

    

   

 Maintenance  Offered storage shall support online non-disruptive firmware 
upgrade for both Controller and disk drives.  

       

 Snapshot / 
Point in time 
copy / Clone 

2. The storage array should have support for both controller-
based as well as file system based snapshots functionality (At-
least 1024 copies for a given volume or a file store). 

    
   

 Quota 
Management 
and Antivirus 
Scanning 

1. For file services operations, offered storage shall support both 
user level as well as file level hard and soft quota. 
 
2. For file services operations, offered storage shall support 
integration with industry leading antivirus vendors like 
Symantec, Trend Micro and MacAfee. 

    

   

 Storage Array 
Configuration & 
Management 
Software 

1. Vendor shall provide Storage Array configuration and 
Management software. 
 2. Software shall be able to manage more than one array of 
same family. 

    
   

 Storage Tiering 1. Offered storage shall support dynamic migration of Volume 
from one Raid set to another set while keeping the application 
online. 
 2. For effective data tiering, Storage subsystem shall support 
automatically Policy based Sub-Lun Data Migration from one 
Set of drive Tier to another set of drive tier. 

    

   

 Remote 1. The storage array should support replication at the array        



   

Page 44 of 60 
 

Replication controller level across all models of the offered family. 
2. The Storage array shall also support three ways (3 Data 
Centers) for both file & block.3. Replication shall support 
incremental replication after resumption from Link Failure or 
failback situations. 

 File Level 
retention and 
immutability 

1. For file services operation, offered storage shall support file 
protection against accidental, premature, malicious deletion and 
modification of data using Legal hold. 
2. Apply of legal hold shall ensure that File cannot be moved, 
modified, or deleted regardless of the retention period 

    

   

 Licenses Storage subsystem shall be supplied with Thin provisioning, 
Snapshot, Clone, Performance Monitoring, Online Raid 
Migration, Online Volume conversion (thin to thin compressed, 
thin to thin de-dup etc.), Quality of services, Sub-LUN data 
tiering, Flash cache, and File services on day 1 for the maximum 
supported capacity of array. 

    

   

           
10  Tap Library ( LTO 7) 5 year 1    
           
  Capacity 1. Shall support Native data capacity of 280TB (uncompressed) 

expandable to 700TB (2.5:1 compressed) using LTO 7 
Technology. 
2. Shall be offered with Minimum of three LTO-7 FC tape drive. 
Drive shall support encryption 
3. Shall be offered with 32  Cartridge slots. 

    

   

  Tape Drive 
Architecture 

2. Tape Drive Architecture in the Library shall conform to the 
INCITS/T10 SCSI-3 standard or newer standards. 

       

  Scalability Tape Library shall be scalable to quad number of LTO-7 drives        
  Speed Offered LTO-7 drive shall support 300MB/sec in Native mode.        
  Connectivity Offered Tape Library shall provide native FC connectivity to 

SAN switches. 
       

  Partitioning         
  Encryption 

device 
Offered Library shall support encryption.        

  Management Tape Library shall provide web based remote management.        
  Barcode Reader 

and Mail slots 
Tape library shall support Barcode reader and mail slot.        

  Other Features 1. Tape Library shall have GUI Panel 
2. Shall be rack mountable. 

       



   

Page 45 of 60 
 

3. Shall have option for redundant power supply 
4. Tape Library shall be supplied with software which can predict and 

prevent failures through early warning and shall also suggest the 
required service action. 

5. Offered Software shall also have the capability to determine when to 
retire the tape cartridges and what compression ratio is being 
achieved 

11  Backup Software 5 year 1    
   OEM should be in the gartner report for last three consecutive 

year 
       

   The proposed backup solution should be available on various 
OS platforms such as Windows,Linux  and UNIX platforms. 

       

   The proposed backup solution shall be able to copy data across 
firewall. 

       

   Backup Software Must support Advanced sharing of different 
media across the environment (disk, tape and optical) 

       

   Backup Software must support multiple level of backups 
including full, incremental, differential, synthetic and virtual 
synthetic backups  

    
   

   Backup software must provide full native integration with 
application awareness for 64-bit  SQL, Share-Point Support & 
Databases like Oracle, MySQL,DB2  ,Post GreSQL, etc.  

    
   

   The software must provide de-duplication        
   The proposed backup software should automatically secure the 

communication between the server and the client using 256 bit 
or higher encryption 

    
   

   The proposed backup solution shall also support granular 
recovery for Vmware and Hyper-V with single pass backup. 

       

   Backup software must support Auto discovery techniques to 
provide list of available storage devices and locations  

       

   Backup software must support sharing of backup media 
between backup servers to reduce tape count. It should allow 
Media Server Agents to append data from multiple clients to the 
same tape from the shared tape scratch pool.  

    
   

   Backup software solution must support LAN Free, IPV4 and 
IPV6 addressing system.  

       

   Backup software solution must have capability to do trend 
analysis for capacity planning of backup environment 

       

   Backup software must support Heterogeneous Media server 
agent failover.  

       



   

Page 46 of 60 
 

   Capacity license for Backup to be quoted.        
   The offered software license must be proposed  with Host 

Based / socket Solution for 2 Physical DB Servers and 8 DB 
Instances. 

    
   

   Five year premium level 24x7 Annual Technical Support (ATS) 
for software license  

       

   SI to provide Solution design, document and implementation 
plan  

       

   Quoted Product should not be end of Life/end of support for next 
5 year 

       

   The backup software should be capable to supporting min 250 
or higher backup sessions or higher in day. 

       

   The proposed backup software should automatically secure the 
communication between the server and the client using 
Encrypted Control Communication 

    
   

   The backup software should be capable to supporting multiple 
backup sessions in day. 

       

   The proposed backup software should support the data 
protection laws of the region 

       

   The proposed backup software should support single 
management window for all the different data protection 
locations. 

    
   

   The proposed backup solution shall have same web based GUI 
across multiple platform to ensure easy administration.   

       

   The proposed backup solution should support tape mirroring of 
the same job running  with primary backup. 

       

   the proposed backup software should use web-based scheduler 
for the backup jobs. 

       

   The proposed backup solution shall be configured in such a 
fashion that no extra license for client and media servers is 
required while moving from LAN to SAN based backup. 

    
   

   The proposed backup solution shall be configured with unlimited 
client and media licenses for both SAN based backup and LAN 
based backup& Database agent, NDMP,Cluster 
License,snapshot and messaging application along with Hyper-
V and VMware agents. 

    

   

   The backup software should support the Capacity based model 
or Application based model of licensing. 

       

   The proposed backup solution has in-built media management        



   

Page 47 of 60 
 

and supports cross platform device and media sharing in SAN 
environment. It provides a centralized scratched pool thus 
ensuring backups never fail for media. 

   The backup software should support backup to disk / 
Deduplication Device via Fiber channel. 

       

   The proposed backup software should support both on-premise 
and secure hosted backup solution. 

       

   The backup software should support the option of prioritizing 
backups. 

       

   The backup software should support Automated Replication 
Synchronization of meta data between different sitea and across 
devices. 

    
   

   The proposed backup software should support the data 
protection laws 

       

   The backup software should support the option of prioritizing 
backups. 

       

   The Backup software should be able to recover only critical 
volumes and later restore other volumes that were backed up in 
separate sessions. 

    
   

   The proposed backup solution shall support industry leading 
cluster solution such as MSCS, MC Service Guard, Veritas 
Cluster etc.The Backup software should be able to recover only 
critical volumes and later restore other volumes that were 
backed up in separate sessions. 

    

   

           
   Quoted Product should not be end of Life/end of support for next 

5 yearThe proposed backup software should support both 
backups using snapshot/hardware based and software based as 
well as backup to tapes for long term and offline data retension. 

    
   

   Quoted Product should not be end of Life/end of support for next 
5 year 

       

  Should offer service driven operations management of the IT 
environment to manage distributed, heterogeneous systems - 
Windows, UNIX & LINUX from a single management 

    
   

12  NMS Software Specifications      
  Specifications      
  Should offer service driven operations management of the IT 

environment to manage distributed, heterogeneous systems -      



   

Page 48 of 60 
 

Windows, UNIX & LINUX from a single management station. 
  Centralized view for Agent-based and agent-less monitoring 

managed from one central console      
  Should provide a centralized point of control with predefined 

policy-based management intelligence for easy deployment for 
the servers, operating systems, applications and services for 
correlating and managing all the IT infrastructure components of 
a business service    

  

  ·         Complex dependencies between managed elements must 
be captured, allowing IT management staff to interpret lower 
level data in terms of its importance to the higher-level service.    

  

          Alarms with meaningful message text, instruction text, 
operator / automatic actions / linked graphs, duplicate message 
suppression    

  

  ·         Should be configurable to suppress events at the agent or 
managed node level itself and be configurable to suppress 
events for key systems/devices that are down for routine 
maintenance or planned outage.    

  

  ·         The system should allow for enriching of messages with 
incremental information and should allow for customization of 
message attributes.    

  

  ·         Each operator should be provided with user roles that 
should include operational service views enabling operators to 
quickly determine impact and root cause associated with events.    

  

  Measure and monitor all databases in your environment like 
Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, DB2, Sybase, PostgreSQL      

  ·         Provide a holistic view of all database performance 
through a multi-instance dashboard.      

  ·         Ability to send pro-active alerts based on health and 
performance of databases.      

        
  The system should integrate with Helpdesk / Service desk tool 

for automated incident logging and also notify alerts or events 
via e-mail or SMS.    

  

  The OEM of the offered solution Should provide reports 
that can prove IT service quality levels, such as application 
response times and server resource consumption in the 
same report.Tool should allow to configure downtime for    

  



   

Page 49 of 60 
 

Configuration Items and view the configured downtime in 
the reports 
 

 13  Software and Other Items         
13a  Antivirusserver License with 5 year support. 5 Year 1     

  Antivirus Client Licenses with 5 year support 5 year 24    
13b  VMware vSphere Enterprise 1 Processor 5 Year 16    
13c  VMware vCenter Server Enterprise for vSphere 5 Year 1    
13d  Microsoft Windows Data Center Server 2016 (2 Core License) Std 224    
13e  Microsoft SQL Enterprises Edition 2016 (2 Core License) Std 24    
13f  LTO-7 Tapes for Backup  25    
14  Installation and Configuration        

14a  Installation and Configuration of Complete Project (as per above 
items) 

5 Year 1 
   

14b  Technical Support cost for periodic maintenace (four times in a 
month) of all hardware installed at SDC upto warranty period of 
server and its associated components (per Annum). 

5 Year 5 

 
  

15  UPSDC Electrical Augmentation for the one rack 5 Year 3    
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE (Applicable for All Technical Specifications) 
 

1. In case the e-Bid of any bidder is accepted and it is found at later stage that the specifications of any item does not match with the ‘Technical Specification’ 
given in thise-Tender document, the Tendering Authority may ask for the product of his choice. If the bidder/supplier does not agree to it, the Tendering 
Authority shall cancel the bid/contract/order of particular item and the EMD/Security amount deposited in any form to the Tendering Authority by the 
bidder/supplier may be forfeited. 

2. The bidder may quote higher configuration available at present but no weightage will be given.  

3. The bidder may quote various Make & Model on same price for any Item for which he has authorisation from their OEM. However it shall be the choice of 
Purchase to choose make and Model among quoted Make/models. The Bidder can not opt their choice. 

 
Signature and seal of the bidder: 
Place :Date : 



 

Page 50 of 60 
 

 
SECTION III(D) : QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 

 
1. The Bidder should be an established Information Technology Company/ IT System Integrator registered 

under company act 1956 on or before 01/04/2015 and should have been in the business for a period 
exceeding three years as on 31/03/2018. 
 

2. Bidder shall also provide original inked MAF of all the OEM’s equipment supplied for this project 
 

3. The bidder should have suppliedminimum 10 Rack/Blade Servers to any Government Department/ Organization in 
any one of the last three financial years including current financial year. Bidder should submittduly signed & 
stamped evidence i.e. the copy/Copies of purchase order and satisfactory installation report issued by the concerned 
department/ organization.  

 
4. The original equipment manufacturer of the items quoted in the e-Tender shall be in the business of regular 

supply and installation of the same make/brand of those items since last three financial years. The bidder 
should submit duly signed & stamped evidencesi.e. copies of one purchase order and its satisfactory 
installation report per year for each of the last three financial years regarding regular supply of the same 
brand of itms as quoted in the e-Bid shall be rejected.. 

 
5. All the items quoted should have minimum technical specifications given in the e-Tender.Bidder shall also 

provide original inked MAF of all the OEM’s equipment supplied for this project 
 

6. The bidder should have online support mechenism and service support centres either directly through their 
support office or through their authorised channel partners/dealers in U.P.  
. 

7. The bidder should have given satisfactory warranty maintenance services of the Servers supplied by them 
and should submit supporting documents from three of its clients for the same. The e-Bids of the bidders 
not submitting at least three certificates from their clients regarding their satisfactory warranty maintenance 
services of the server supplied by them shall be rejected 
 

8. The bidder should submit a notarial affidavit that the bidder’s firm has not been black 
listed/debarred/prohibited by any State/Central Government Departments /Organisations. The e-Bids of the 
black-listed bidders or those not submitting the required affidavit shall be rejected. 

 
9. The bidder company should have turnover of atleast Rs. 10.0 crores in each of last three financial years of 

2015-16, 2016-17 and 2017-18. 
 
10. The bidder should have relevant documentsfor following: 

(i) Memorandum and Article of Association or any other document showing objective of the 
company. 

(ii) Place of registration. 
(iii) The power-of-attorney authorizing the bidder to sign the bid/ contract. 
(iv) Income tax registration number of the company. 
(v) GST registration number of the company. 

11. The bidders should quote all the itemsas per the requirements of the e-Tender. 
12. Bidder must Provide the signed inked copy of MAF of supplied OEM products as per the scope of RFP. 

 
13. Original BG/EMD and Hard copy of Technical Bid should reach before opening of Technical Bids i.e. before 

14/11/2018 upto 12.30PM. Hard Copy of Financial Bid should not submitt. 
 

  



   

Page 51 of 60 
 

SECTION III(E) : BID SECURITY FORM 
 
 
Whereas ………………. (Name of Bidder) (Hereinafter called “the Bidder”)has submitted its e-Bid dated 
……………..(Date of submission of bid) for the supply of ……….. (name and description of the goods) 

(hereinafter called “the Bid”) 

KNOW ALL PEOPLE by these presents that WE …………….(name of bank) of …………. (name of 
country), having our registered offices at ……………(address of bank) (hereinafter called “the Bank”), 
are bound unto …………(name of Purchaser) (hereinafter called “the Purchaser”) in the sum of 
…………………… for which payment well and truly to be made to the said Purchaser, the Bank binds 
itself, its successors, and assigns by these presents. Sealed with the common seal of the said Bank 
this ……. Day of …….. 20……. 

THE CONDITIONS of this obligation are: 

1. if the Bidder 

(a) withdraws its e-Bid during the period of e-Bid validity specified by the Bidder on the E-Bid 
Form; or 

(b) does not accept the correction of errors in accordance with the ITB; or 

(c) modifies its e-Bid price during the period of e-Bid validity specified by the bidder on the e-Bid 
form; or 

2. if the Bidder, having been notified of the acceptance of its e-Bid by the Tendering Authority 
during the period of e-Bid validity : 

(a) fails or refuses to execute the Contract Form if required; or 

(b) fails or refuses to furnish the performance security in accordance with the ITB; 

We undertake to pay the Tendering Authority up to the above amount upon receipt of its first written 
demand, without the Tendering Authority having to substantiate its demand, provided that in the 
demand the Tendering Authority will note that the amount claimed by it is due to it, owing to the 
occurrence or one or both of the two conditions, specifying the occurred condition or conditions. 

This guarantee will remain in force upto 14/06/2019 and any demand in respect thereof should reach 
the Bank not later than the above date. 

           

…………………………(Signature of the Bank) 

 

 

  



   

Page 52 of 60 
 

SECTION III(F) : CONTRACT FORM 

THIS AGREEMENT made the …… day of … 20….. Between ……..(Name and Address of Purchaser) 
hereinafter called “the Purchaser” of the one part and ………. (Name and address of Supplier) of 
hereinafter called “the Supplier” of the other part : 
 
WHEREAS the Tendering Authority is desirous that certain Goods and ancillary services viz., 
…………………………….(Brief description of Goods and services) and has accepted a e-Bid by the Supplier 
for the supply of these goods and services in the sum of …………….. (Contract price in Words and 
Figures) (hereinafter called the “Contract Price”). 
NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS: 
1. In this Agreement words and expressions shall have the same meanings as are respectively 

assigned to them in the Conditions of Contract referred to. 
2. The following documents shall be deemed to form and be read and construed as part of this 

Agreement, viz.: 
(a) the E-Bid Form; 
(b) the Technical Specificationsand approved rates;and 
(c) the Conditions of Contract;  
 

3. In consideration of the payment to be made by the Tendering Authority to the Supplier as 
hereinafter mentioned, the Supplier hereby covenants with the Tendering Authority to provide the 
goods and services and to remedy defects therein in conformity in all respects with the provisions 
of the Contract. 

4. The Tendering Authority hereby covenants to pay the Supplier in consideration of the provision of 
the goods and services and the remedying of defects therein, the value of ordered items on the 
Contract  rates or such other sum as may become payable under the provisions of the Contract 
at the times and in the manner prescribed by the Contract. 

 
DELIVERY & INSTALLATION SCHEDULE : 
All the items shall be delivered within 6 weeksfrom the date of issue of the purchase order and 
installed within one week thereafter. The pre dispatch inspection of the items shall be done by the 
Tendering Authority before delivery at final destination. 
 
IN WITNESS whereof the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed in accordance 
with their respective laws of the day and year first above written. 
Signed, Sealed and Delivered by the  
said ………………………………………..(For the Purchaser) 
 
in the presence of ……………………………. 
 
 
Signed, Sealed and Delivered by the  
said ………………………………………..(For the Supplier) 
 
in the presence of ……………………………. 
 
  



   

Page 53 of 60 
 

 
SECTION III(H) :  SERVICE SUPPORT UNDERTAKING  

 
 
To, 

The Managing Director, 
U.P. Development Systems Corporation Limited, 
2nd Floor, Uptron Building, Near Gomti Barrage, 
Gomti Nagar, Lucknow 226010 
Phone : 522-2307803  
Fax : 522-2307832 
E-Mail : mdupdesco.up@gmail.com,  

 updesco@nic.in 
 
Tender Ref. No. : UPDESCO/HW/2018/Food 
 
Dear Sir, 

 WHEREAS we, << Name of the Bidder>>, having our registered office at << address 

of Biider>>, State that we have support mechenism in Lucknow,Uttar Pradesh, either directly 

through our support office or through our authorised partners for 24x7 comprehensive onsite 

warranty for <<Items description>> procured under this project. 

 We hereby confirm that we have onsite support mechanism in Lucknow, Uttar 

Pradesh to provide onsite warranty support for << Items Description>>. We hereby take the 

full responsibility for providing complete onsite technical support for all aspects of Supply of 

equipments and onsite 24x7 comprehensive warranty for period metioned in the tender 

document and support during entire period of project as stated in this tender.  

The Details of our Service Support Centers are as follows : 

Sl. No Name & Complete address of 
service center 

Name of Head 
Person & Contact 
Number   

Phone / Fax No./ 
Email address 

Parts Available 
for Maintenance 
(Yes/No) 

     

     

     

     

     

. 
 

 
(Signature of the Bidder) 
Name : 
Designation : 

Duly authorized to sign E-Bid for and on behalf of ___________________________ 

 



 

Page 54 of 60 
 

SECTION III(I) : CAPABILITY STATEMENT (CS) 

General Information about the Bidder  

 

1 Name of the Bidder Firm:  

 

2 Address of the Bidder :  

 

 

 

3 Detail of Incorporation of bidder's firm Date : 

   Ref #  : 

4 Name & Designation of the Contact : 
Person for  this Tender  

 
 
 
 

5  Telephone No with STD Code :  

a Mobile No. :  

b Fax no with STD :  

c E-mail of the Contact Person:  

6 Website of Bidder's Firm:   

7 GST Registration No.   

8. Permanet Account No. (PAN) of Bidder firm  

9 Financial Details in last three financial years ( Rs. In Crores ) : 
 

  2015-16 2016-17 2017-18 

Turnover  

( Rs. In Crores ) 

 

 

  

Profit After tax 

( Rs. In Crores ) 

   

 

 

10. Names of three buyers from different departments to whom similar equipments were supplied in 
the last three financial years and to whom reference may be made by the Tendering Authority 
regarding the bidder's performance for timely completion of delivery, installation and after sales 
service support:  

 
A.    (i)     Complete address of the buyer :……………………………………………………… 

      …………………………………………………… 

(ii)    Name & designation of contract person : …………………………………………… 

      …………………………………………………… 

(iii)   Mobile/Phone/Fax no./E-mail address: ……………………………………………… 
 



   

Page 55 of 60 
 

B.    (i)    Complete address of the buyer :…………………………………………………….. 

      …………………………………………………… 

(ii)    Name & designation of contract person : …………………………………………… 

      …………………………………………………… 

(iii)   Mobile/Phone/Fax no./E-mail address: ……………………………………………… 
 

C.    (i)     Complete address of the buyer :…………………………………………………….. 

      …………………………………………………… 

(ii)    Name & designation of contract person : …………………………………………… 

      …………………………………………………… 

(iii)   Mobile/Phone/Fax no./E-mail address: ……………………………………………… 
 

 
 
 
11.              Bank detail for refund of EMD  
 
         Bank and Branch Name:   
 
         Account in the Name of :  
 
         IFSC Code : 
 
                  Bank Ac no :  

  



   

Page 56 of 60 
 

SECTION III(J): PERFORMANCE SECURITY FORM 

Bank Guarranty No. :                                              Issue Date :  

To : ………………………………………….(Name of Purchaser/Department) 

WHEREAS ………………………………………(Name of Supplier) 

hereinafter called “the Supplier” has undertaken in pursuance of Contract executed on …………… 
dated….……. 20……between ................................. (Name of Purchaser) and .......................... (Name of Supplier) to 
supply………………………………………(Description of Goods and Services) hereinafter called “the Contract”. 

AND WHEREAS it has been stipulated by you in the said Contract that the Supplier shall furnish you 
with a Bank Guarantee by a recognized bank for the sum specified therein as security for compliance 
with the Supplier’s performance obligations in accordance with the Contract. 

AND WHEREAS we have agreed to give the Supplier a Guarantee: 

THEREFORE WE hereby affirm that we are Guarantors and responsible to you, on behalf of the 
Supplier, up to a total of ……………………(Amount of the Guarantee in Words and Figures) and we 
undertake to pay you, upon your first written demand declaring the Supplier to be in default under the 
Contract and without cavil or argument, any sums within the limit of  ……………………(Amount of the 
Guarantee) as aforesaid, without your needing to prove or to show grounds or reasons for your reasons 
for your demand or the sum specified therein. 

This guarantee is valid until the ………… day of …………….. 20……… 

                                                                                   Signature and Seal of Guarantors 

 ………………………………. 

 ………………………………. 

 ………………………………. 

 Date…………………20……. 

 ………………………………. 

 ………………………………. 

  



   

Page 57 of 60 
 

 
 
 
 

SECTION IV : FINANCIAL BID 

 
IV (A) E-BID FORM 

 
IV (B) PRICE SCHEDULE/ BOQ 

 
 

 
 



   

Page 58 of 60 
 

SECTION IV (A) : E-BID FORM 
 
No. : UPDESCO/HW/2018/Food     Date : ………………………….. 
TO :  
 
 The Managing Director, 
 U.P.Development Systems Corporation Ltd., 
 II Floor, UPTRON BUILDING, Gomati Nager, 
 Lucknow (U.P.) - 226 010 

. 
 Sir, 
 
Having  examined the E-Bid documents, the receipt of which is hereby duly acknowledged, we, the 
undersigned, offer to supply and deliver …………………… (Description of Goods and Services) in 
conformity with the said E-Bid documents for the sum as may be ascertained in accordance with the( 
Schedule of  rates attached herewith and made part of this bid,and hereby undertake that we accept all 
the conditions of the contract (section II) of the E-Bid document  and will supply the computer systems 
and other items as per the Technical Specifications (Section III(C)) of the e-Bid documents. We further 
undertake that we fulfill the qualification requirement (Section III(D))and for this purpose we enclose the 
details. In addition to this, the particulars of our organization such as legal status, principal place of 
business, details of experience and past performance, service support details, capability statement and 
the required bid security in the shape of Bank guarantee are furnished with this e-Bid form.  

We further undertake, if our e-Bid is accepted, to deliver the goods in accordance with the delivery 
schedule specified in the Schedule of Requirements (section III (B)). 

If our e-Bid is accepted, we will obtain the guarantee of a bank in the form prescribed by the Tendering 
Authority for a sum equivalent to 10% of the contract price for the due performance of the Contract. 

We agree to abide by this e-Bid for the E-Bid validity period specified in Clause 13.1 of the ITB and it 
shall remain binding upon us and may be accepted at any time before the expiration of that period. 

Until a formal contract is prepared and executed, this bid, together with your written acceptance thereof 
and your notification of award, shall constitute a binding Contract between us. 

We undertake that, in competing for (and, if the award is made to us, in executing) the above contract, 
we will strictly observe the laws against fraud and corruption in force in India namely “Prevention of 
Corruption Act 1998”. 

We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any e-Bid you may receive. 

Dated this ……….. day of  …………… 20….. 
________________________  ____________________________________ 

(Signature)        (in the capacity of) 

Duly authorized to sign E-Bid for and on behalf of  



   

Page 59 of 60 
 

SECTION IV (B) : PRICE SCHEDULE/ BOQ 

Bidder Name  : ___________________________________________________________ 
 

Sr 
No 

Required Items with Technical 
Specifications 

HSN Codes Warranty Quantity Basic Price 
Including , 

Service 
Charge, 

Installation & 
warranty 

Charges (Rs ) 

GST 
% on 
Col 
<5> 

GST 
Amount   

(Rs ) 

Unit Price 
with GST (Rs)             

(5+ 7) 

Total Price 
without GST                

( 5x4) (Rs.) 

Total Price  
with GST        

(8x4)                 
(Rs) 

<1> <2>  <3> <4> <5> <6> <7> <8> <9> <10> 
           

1 Blade Enclosure  5 year 1       
2 Web Server ( Blade Server)  5 year 8       
3 Database Server (Blade 

Server )  
 5 year  4       

4 Backup Server (Blade Server)   5 year 2       
5 Anti Virus Server  5 Year 1       
6 NMS Server  5 Year 1       
7 SAN Switch   5 year 2       
8 1U Rack Mountable TFT Monitor 

with integrated KVM Console, 
Keyboard and Mouse 

 5 Year 
  

 1       

9  SAN Storage   5 year 1       
10 Tape Library ( LTO 7)  5 year 1       
11 Backup Software  5 year 1       
12 NMS Software   5 Year    1       
 13 Software and Other Items            
13a Antivirus software for all server as 

above with 5 year support. 
 5 Year 24       

13b VMware vSphere Enterprise 1 
Processor 

 5 Year 16       

13c VMware vCenter Server 
Enterprise for vSphere 

 5 Year 1       



   

Page 60 of 60 
 

13d Microsoft Windows Data Center 
Server 2016 (2 Core License) 

 Std 224       

13e Microsoft SQL Enterprises Edition 
2016 (2 Core License) 

 
Std 24 

      

14 Installation and 
Configuration 

 
    

      

14a Installation and Configuration of 
Complete Project (as per above 
items) 

 5 Year 1       

14b Technical Support cost for 
periodic maintenace (four times in 
a month) of all hardware installed 
at SDC upto warranty period of 
server and its associated 
components (per Annum). 

 5 Year 5       

15 UPSDC Electrical Augmentation for 
the one rack 

 5 Year 3       

16 Total( 1 to 15)  of Column 9 (In Figures)                                                                    Rs. ................................ 
  

16a Total( 1 to 15)  of Column 9  
(In Words) 

Rupees ......................................................................................................................................... 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

16b Total( 1 to 15)  of Column 10 
(In Figures) 

                                                                    Rs. ................................ 
 

Note : 1) The bidder should quote for all the items as per technical specifications Section-III (C) of the e-tender document. 
              2)The bidder should quote prices including onsite 24x7 comprehensive warranty maintenance as applicable for all the items. 
              3)The bidder may quote prices for higher configuration available at present but no weightage shall be given to the bidder. 
             4)Financial Evaluation for selection of will be done on the basis of lowest total excluding GST of Govt. of Uttar Pradesh. 


