












































 

TENDER FORM 
 

प्‍लाज्‍मा‍ुसधंानास‍धा‍‍ ास‍ 
(भारत‍धरकार‍के‍परमाणं‍ऊर्ाा‍विभाग‍का‍धहायता‍प्राप्‍त‍धा‍ ास)‍ 

इादीरा‍ब्रिर्‍के‍पाध,‍भाट,‍गाानीसगर‍–‍382428,‍भारत‍ 
दरूभाष:‍079-23962020/23962021,‍फैक्‍ध:‍079-23962277 

 
 

नसमात्रण‍नसविदा‍और‍नसविदाकारों‍को‍नसदेश‍करसे‍के‍ललए 
Invitation to Tender and Instructions to Tenderers 

 
 

 
The Purchase Officer, Institute for Plasma Research invites, online tenders IN 

SINGLE PART (INR QUOTE ONLY) for supply of stores as detailed in the 
Purchaser’s Tender documents. The conditions of contract and instructions 
to tenderers which will govern the contract pursuant to tender are given 

below. 

If you are in a position to quote for the supply in accordance with the 

requirements stated in the attached Tender Form please submit your 
quotation online. The quote should be in INR only. 

Tender submitted by fax/cable/telegram or any mode other than online 

will NOT be considered at all and all such tenders will be rejected without 
any notice to the tenderer. 
 

 
 

Yours faithfully,  
 
 

Purchase Officer-II 
For and on behalf of Director, IPR 

Institute for Plasma Research  
 

Encl: as above. 

PDF processed with CutePDF evaluation edition www.CutePDF.com

http://www.cutepdf.com


 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR ONLINE SUBMISSION 
 

1) It is mandatory for all the applicants to have class-III digital 
signature certificate from any of the licensed Certifying Applicant 
to participate in e-tendering. 

2) In order to participate in online e-tendering process, it is 
mandatory for the applicants to have user ID & password to get 
access to the website www.tenderwizard.com/DAE. The applicants 

have to get registered their firm / company with the service 
provider, M/s ITI Limited for user ID & password. The registration 

shall be done by paying an annual registration fees to M/s ITI 
Limited and completing other formalities as mentioned in the 
website, www.tenderwizard.com/DAE. Validity of online 

registration is for one year from the date of its issuance and may be 
renewed by paying the applicable amount. For 

assistance/clarifications please contact Mr. Sunil K Patel at mobile 
09624981992, e-mail: twhelpdesk426@gmail.com or 
nodalofficer.et@ipr.res.in or All India Help line No: 91-80-

40482000/18004255048, e-mail: daehelpdesk@tenderwizard.co.in. 
3) The applicants, who have already obtained such valid user ID and 

password from M/s ITI Limited, for any other tender of DAE, need 

not obtain fresh user ID and password for the purpose of 
participation in the present tender. 

4) The services for e-tendering in IPR/DAE is provided by M/s ITI 
Ltd., Tender wizard Help Desk Centre, # 24, 1st Floor, Sudha 
Complex, Near Havanoor Circle, 3rd Stage, 4th Block, 

Basaveshwaranagar, Bangalore – 560079, Ph:91-80-
40482000/18004255048, Telefax: 91-80-40482114, Email: 
daehelpdesk@tenderwizard.co.in. 

5) The quotations shall be submitted online in the prescribed format 
before the date and time as mentioned in tender document. No 

other mode of submission is acceptable. 
6) On successful e-payment of tender processing fees, the applicants 

can download the tender documents (including Excel sheets, if any) 

from the e-tendering portal. 
7) Submission of the offer document after the due date and time shall 

not be permitted. Time being displayed on e-Tendering portal shall 
be final and binding on the applicant. 

8) Applicants are advised to submit their documents well before the 

due date. IPR shall not be responsible for any delay in submission 
of documents for any reason including server and technical 
problems. 

9) Applicants are advised to fill all the mandatory fields (coloured 
cells) of the excel files of the Tender. If applicant keeps any 

mandatory cell blank, System will not allow to close/save the 
file.  

10) In case of any problem with the submission of the offer documents, 

the applicant may have the assistance of helpdesk or use the help 
manual given on the said website or mobile and e-mail mentioned 

elsewhere.  

mailto:18004255048
mailto:daehelpdesk@tenderwizard.co.in
callto:1800%20425%205048
mailto:daehelpdesk@tenderwizard.co.in


 1 

 
  

प्‍लाज्‍़मा‍अनुसंधान‍संस्‍थान 
इंदीरा ब्रिज के पास, भाट, गांधीनगर – 382428 
गजुरात राज् य 
दरूभाष: 079 23962020, 23962021 
फैक् स: 079 23962277 

INSTITUTE FOR PLASMA RESEARCH 
NEAR INDIRA BRIDGE, BHAT, GANDHINAGAR 382 428 
GUJARAT STATE 
Phone: 079 23962020, 23962021 
Fax: 079 23962277 

 
ननविदा‍सूचना‍TENDER NOTICE NO: IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/41 

 ददनांकित‍DATED 8-12-2018 
 

ननम्नलिखित के लिए प्रनतष्ठित और योग्य पार्टियों से ई-टेंडररगं मोड के माध्यम से लसगंि पाटि में ऑनिाइन 
ननविदा आमबं्रित की जाती है। 
Online tender is invited in SIGNLE PART through e-tendering mode from reputed and eligible 
parties for the following. 
 

मद का वििरण Item Description  Supply, installation, commissioning and testing of 
integrated fiber optic based SST-1 Local Area Network 
(LAN) System as per the specification mentioned in the 
tender document. 

ननविदा प्रक्रिया शलु् क  
Tender Processing Fee 

Tender Processing Fee of Rs.2,950.00 should be paid 
through electronic mode to M/s ITI Limited. 

बयाना रालश जमा  
EMD 

Rs.1,10,000.00 (Copy of Demand Draft to be uploaded 
with the quotation, Original DD should be sent to IPR on 
or before the specified closing date and time) 

ननविदा‍दस्तािेज‍िेबसाइट‍पर‍देखने‍और‍
डाउनलोड‍िरन‍ेिे‍ललए‍उपलब्ध‍है‍ 
Tender document available for view 
and downloading on website 

09.00 hrs. on 9-12-2018 to 12.55 hrs. on 16-1-2019 

ननविदा दस् तािे क के संबंध में स् पठ टीकरण‍
Clarifications regarding Tender 
document 

09.00 hrs. on 9-12-2018 to 16.00 hrs. on 28-12-2018 

ननविदा ऑनिाइन जमा करने की अंनतम 
नतथि  
Closing of online submission of 
tenders 

16-1-2019 at 13.00 hrs. 

ननविदा के ऑनिाइन िोिने का समय और 
नतथि 
Time and Date of online Opening of 
Tender 

16-1-2019 at 15.30 hrs. 

 

आिेदक www.tenderwizard.com/DAE िेबसाइट पर 28-12-2018 (16:00 बजे तक) तारीि तक अपने 
संदेह अपिोड करके ननविदा दस्तािेज के संबंध में स्पठटीकरण (बोिी से पहिे) प्राप्त कर सकता है। स्पठटीकरण उसी 
िेब पोटिि www.tenderwizard.com/DAE पर 3-1-2019 (17:30 बजे) तक अपिोड क्रकए जाएंगे।  
 

http://www.tenderwizard.com/DAE%20वेबसाइट%20पर%2028-12-2018


 2 

 
 
 
The applicant can seek clarifications (pre-bid) regarding the tender document up to 
28-12-2019 (16:00 Hrs) by uploading their queries on website 
www.tenderwizard.com/DAE . The clarifications will be uploaded on the same web 
portal www.tenderwizard.com/DAE by 3-1-2019 (17:30 Hrs).  
 

विस्ततृ ननविदा सूचना,योग्यता मानदंड और ननविदा दस्तािेज के साि िेबसाइट www.tenderwizard.com/DAE 
पर नन:शुल् क देिने और डाउनिोड करन े के लिए उपिब्ध है। ई-ननविदा प्रक्रिया में भाग िेने के लिए, उपयुिक्त ई-
ननविदा पोटिि पर रष्जस् टर करना अननिायि है और डडष्जटि हस्ताक्षर प्रमाणपि (शे्रणी-III) होना आिश्यक है। बोिीदाता 
नए रष्जस् टरेशनटटे्‍ डररगं में सहायता के लिए पऊवि हेल्पडसे्क से daehelpdesk@tenderwizard.co.in पर संपकि  
कर सकत ेहैं, फोन नंबर:(80)-40482000ट 9624981992ट18004255048 
 
Detailed tender notice along with Eligibility criteria and Tender Document is available on 

website www.tenderwizard.com/DAE for free view and downloading. For participating 
in the e-tendering process, it is mandatory to get registered on the above e-tender portal 
and required to have Digital Signature Certificate (Class -III). For new registration/ 
tendering help, bidders may contact DAE Helpdesk at daehelpdesk@tenderwizard.co.in 
Phone No: (80)-40482000/ 9624981992/ 18004255048 
 

इस ननविदा सूचना की एक प्रनत संस्िान की िेबसाइट www.ipr.res.in//purchasetenders.html पर भी 
उपिब्ध है। अथधक जानकारी के लिए, कृपया संपकि  करें: 079 23962020ट2021, फैक्स: 079 23962277। 
 
A copy of this tender notice is also available on the Institute’s website 
www.ipr.res.in//purchasetenders.html. For further information, please contact: 079 
23962020/2021, Fax: 079 23962277. 

http://www.tenderwizard.com/DAE
http://www.tenderwizard.com/DAE
http://www.ipr.res.in/purchasetenders.html


1 

 

Form No: IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 

SINGLE-PART TENDER 
SECTION – A 

 
Invitation to Tender and Tendering Conditions 

 
 
1.0 INVITATION TO TENDER 
1.1 Institute for Plasma Research (IPR) invites online tenders for supply of 

Plant, Machinery, Equipment/Components to the specifications 
detailed in Section "C" to this tender document. The conditions of 

contract/purchase order which will govern the contract pursuant to the 
tender are as contained in Section “B” of this tender document. If you 
are in a position to quote for supply in accordance with the technical 
specifications indicated in Section “C” to this tender document and as 
per the conditions stipulated in this Section and Section B, please 
upload your offer in a manner and method specified below. 

 
2.0 MANNER AND METHOD FOR SUBMISSION OF TENDERS 
2.1 All tenderers in response to this invitation shall be submitted through 

online mode only. Tender submitted by fax/cable/telegram or any 
mode other than online will NOT be considered at all and all 
such tenders will be rejected without any notice to the tenderer. 

2.2 Proof for fulfillment of eligibility criteria mentioned in Annexure-A 
should be uploaded along with the tender. If the tender is 
submitted without valid documents, we shall not consider your 
offer. Tenders received without proof of eligibility criteria will be 
rejected. The offers which meets the eligibility criteria will only be 
considered for evaluation. 
 

3.0 EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT (EMD) 
3.1 The Tenderer shall submit, as part of its bid, interest free Earnest 

Money Deposit (EMD) for an amount as specified in the Tender Notice. 
In the case of foreign bidders, the EMD shall be submitted either by the 
principal or by the Indian agent and in the case of indigenous bidders; 
the EMD shall be submitted by the manufacturer or their specifically 
authorized dealer/bidder. EMD shall be submitted by way of  Demand 
Draft from SBI/nationalized banks or any one of the scheduled 
banks mentioned in the bracket (Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI 
Bank and IDBI Bank) issued in favour of  "Institute for  Plasma  
Research" and payable at  Ahmedabad. Tender received without 
EMD will be rejected at the discretion of IPR. 
(Copy of Demand Draft to be uploaded with the quotation, Original 
DD should be sent to IPR on or before the specified closing date 

and time) 
3.2 The EMD of unsuccessful Tenderer will be discharged/returned after 

finalizing award of the Contract/placement of Purchase order. 
3.3 The successful Tenderers EMD shall be discharged upon the Bidder 

submitting the Security Deposit as specified in the contract/purchase 
order, without any interest. 

3.4 Exemption from payment of EMD: The firms registered with NSIC, 
DPS or Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs) which are actual 



2 

 

producers/manufacturers of tendered items are exempted from 
payment of EMD provided valid registration certificate is uploaded along 
with the offer. In the case of foreign bidders, payment of EMD is 
exempted if they submit their bid directly or through their Indian agent 
in foreign currency against the tender document bought by them, so 
that the order can be placed directly on their Principals. 
 

3.5 The EMD may be forfeited: 
3.5.1 If a Tenderer withdraws or amends or modifies or impairs or 

derogates its bid during the period of bid validity specified by the 
Bidder on the Bid Form; or 

3.5.2 In case of a successful tenderer, if the tenderer fails to furnish 
order acceptance within 15 days of the order or fails to submit 

the Security Deposit within 21 days from the date of 
contract/order. 

  
4.0 LATE/DELAYED TENDERS 
4.1 Uploading of the offer document after the due date and time shall not 

be permitted. Time being displayed on e-Tendering portal shall be final 
and binding on the applicant. 

 
5.0 OPENING OF TENDERS 
5.1 Unless otherwise pre-opened or postponed with advance intimation to 

the tenderers, tender will be opened on the date and time indicated on 
e-Tendering portal. 

5.2 While all the tenderers who uploaded tenders within the due date and 
time will be permitted to participate in the opening of the tender on the 
due date and time indicated on e-Tendering portal.   
 

6.0 AUTHORITY LETTER 
6.1 The tenderers who wish to participate in the opening of the tenders may 

depute their representatives to IPR on the respective due date and time 
as indicated in the tender notice with an authority letter addressed to 
the Purchase Officer which should be produced to the officers who are 
opening the tenders, on demand to prove the bonafides of the 
representative who participates in the opening of the tender. In case the 
representative of the tenderer fails to produce such an authority letter 
on behalf of the tenderer, he will be debarred from participating in the 

opening of the tenders. 
6.2 The tenderers representative, who reaches the venue of the tender 

opening late, i.e. after the starting time specified for opening of the 
tenders, may not be allowed to take part in the tender opening. It should 
be noted that only one representative of each tenderer will be permitted 
to participate in the tender opening. 

 
7.0 EVALUATION OF TENDER 
7.1 Evaluation of tender shall be based on all inclusive landed cost. 
 
8.0 PURCHASER’S RIGHTS TO REJECT QUOTATION 
8.1 The Purchaser reserves the right to reject any quotation without 

assigning any reason thereof. 
 

9.0 TECHNICAL CLARIFICATIONS 
9.1 After opening the tender, if it becomes necessary for IPR to seek 



3 

 

clarifications from the tenderers, the same will be sought for from 
the tenderers.  
 

10.0 HOLIDAYS 
If the date (s) specified for receipt and opening of the tenders is/are 
declared as holidays abruptly by the competent authority due to any 
administrative reasons, then the date(s) for opening of tenders will get 
postponed automatically to the next working day. As for instance, if the 
due date for receipt of tender and its opening falls on 3rd of a particular 
month and if the 3rd day of the month is declared as a holiday, then the 
opening date of tender will stand automatically postponed to 4th day of 
the month at the same time. However, due date for submission of tender 
online will remain same as mentioned in the tender notice. 
 

11.0 VALIDITY OF OFFERS 
Offers shall be kept valid for acceptance for a period of of 120 (One 
hundred twenty) days from the date of opening of the tender. Offers with 
shorter validity period will be liable for rejection. 
 

12.0 CATALOGUES/TECHNICAL LITERATURE 
Vendor shall upload all necessary catalogues/drawings technical 
literature data as are considered essential for full and correct evaluation 
of the offers shall invariably accompany the tender. The quotations are 
liable to be ignored if this condition is not complied with. 
 

13.0 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT 
It must be clearly understood that any contract concluded pursuant 
to this invitation to tender shall be governed by the General Conditions 
of the Contract as contained in Section “B" of this tender document. 
Tenderers must therefore, take special care to go through these 
general conditions of contract and in exceptional cases if any 
deviations are proposed, these must be clearly indicated in the tender 
as a separate annexure instead of merely enclosing their printed 
conditions of Sale. Tenders made subject to counter conditions or far 
too many deviations from the general conditions of contract, i.e. 
Section "B" of this tender document are liable to be ignored. It should 
also be realised that failure to bring out deviations from the General 
Conditions of Contract contained in Section "B" of this tender 
document will imply that the tenderer is willing to execute the contract 
as per the Purchaser's terms and conditions of contract. 
 

14.0 TENDERING CONDITIONS FOR BIDS 
14.1 The prices quoted must be FIRM and preference will be given to such 

tenders. In exceptional cases (e.g. items involving substantial use of 
raw materials susceptible to sharp fluctuations in prices) if prices 
quoted subject to variation it shall be on the basis of a standard 'Price 
Variation Formula'. The basis for calculation shall be very clearly 
stated. The responsibility for furnishing the documentary evidence for 
price variation lies with the vendor. Here again preference will be given 
to the tenders with a specific ceiling on escalation. 

14.2 Prices quoted by the tenderer should include all charges involved for 
direct and safe-delivery of the stores to the consignee/place of delivery 
indicated in the tender document. If a tenderer so desires, separate 
lump sum charges for safe-delivery of the stores to the 



4 

 

consignee/purchaser’s site, could be furnished. However, the 
purchaser reserves the right to call for break-up. The purchaser will 
neither undertake responsibility for transit insurance nor pay for it 
separately. 

14.3 In respect of tenders on Ex-works basis, in case the tenderer has not 
mentioned in the offer packing, forwarding and transportation charges 
for safe delivery up to Purchaser's site, 2% of the price quoted towards 
packing (in respect of both local and outstation firms), 1%  of the basic 
price quoted towards safe delivery charges in respect of local tenderer 
and 3% of the basic price quoted towards safe delivery charges in 
respect of outstation firm will be added for comparison of offers on safe 
door delivery at Purchaser's site. 

14.4 The stores shall neither be despatched under ‘owner’s risk’ nor 
consigned to ‘self’, but only to the consignee’s name and address 
indicated in the Purchase order. Non-adherence to this condition shall 
make the contractor liable to bear all consequential 
penalties/expenses such as demurrage, wharf age, etc. which the 
Purchaser may incur. 

14.5 The consignee will, as soon as possible, but not later than 45 days 
from the date of arrival of stores at destination notify the contractor of 
any loss or damage to the stores that may have occurred during transit 
to enable the contractor to repair/rectify the defects/damages or 
replace the goods as is appropriate, free of all charges. In case it is 
desired by the contractor for returning of the material to them all 
expenses towards transportation etc. will be borne by the supplier and 
also will furnish bank guarantee towards the cost of material. 

15.6 In case an Indian supplier/Agent furnishes an offer for supply of out-
rightly imported stores, the price of such stores shall be quoted in 
Indian Rupees for delivery to the consignee's premises exclusive of 
import duties and on firm price basis.  

14.6 Conditional Discount: In case the tenderer offers any conditional 
discount with regard to acceptance of their offer within a specific 
payment terms, delivery, quantity etc. the purchaser will not take into 
consideration such conditional discount while evaluating their offer. 

 
15.0 SPARES AND ACCESSORIES 
15.1 Tenders for plant/machinery/equipment/component shall also 

indicate prices for essential accessories, optional accessories and 
spares necessary for satisfactory operation of the plant/machinery/ 
equipment. 

15.1.1 for a period of two years and 
15.1.2 for a period of five years 
15.2 Prices for accessories and spares shall be itemized. Tenders where only 

lumpsum prices are indicated are liable to be ignored. Particular care 
must be taken to list out each item of spare and quantity 
recommended and also the individual price for these items.  
 

16.0 QUANTITY 
The purchaser reserves the right to accept tenders for any quantity of 
his choice and the tenderer shall be bound to accept a contract for any 
quantity. The Purchaser also reserves the right to accept or reject 
lowest or any tender in full or in part without assigning any reasons. 
 

17.0 STATUTORY LEVIES SUCH AS CUSTOMS DUTY, GOODS AND 
SERVICE TAX  



5 

 

17.1 CUSTOMS DUTY 
17.1.1 The Purchaser is entitled for assessment of customs duty at the 

concessional rate as per Customs Notification No. 51/96-Custom 
dated 23.7.1996 issued by the Department of Revenue, Ministry 
of Finance, as amended from time to time, in respect of purchases 
made for the Research Institutions under the Department of 
Atomic Energy and the Purchaser will obtain the requisite 
certificate from the appropriate authority. 

17.1.2 In case an Indian vendor/agent submits an offer for supply of 
outrightly imported stores in Indian Rupees, they should quote 
price for free and safe delivery of stores at destination.  

17.1.3 Wherever, against a requirement, both indigenous as well as 
imported offers are received, the offers for imported stores will be 
evaluated on the basis of the total landed cost after loading the 
custom duty and other levies as may be applicable from time to 
time for taking purchase decision. 

17.1.4 High Seas sale will not be considered. 
 

17.2 FLUCTUATION IN CUSTOMS DUTY 
18.2.1 Unless otherwise specifically agreed to in terms of the Contract, the 

purchaser shall not be liable for any claim on account of fresh 
imposition and /or increase in Customs Duty on raw materials and/or 
components used directly in the manufacture of the contracted stores, 
taking place during the pendency of the contract. 
 

17.3 Offers from Indian Agents on behalf of foreign suppliers: In case 
the tender is submitted by an Indian supplier/Indian agent on behalf 
of their foreign supplier/ principals, following documents should be 
submitted with the tender, failing which, their offer is liable to be 
ignored. 

17.3.1 Photocopy of the Agency Agreement between the Principals and 
the Indian Agent showing the percentage or the quantum of agency 
commission payable and a Letter of Authority from the Principals 
authorizing the Indian Agents to submit the tender on their behalf. 

17.3.2 The type and nature of after sales services to be rendered by the 
Indian Agent. 

17.3.3 Both Indian Agent and Principal/OEM cannot bid simultaneously 
for the same item/product in the same tender. 

17.3.4 The Indian Agents are allowed to quote on behalf of only one 
foreign Principal/ Supplier against this tender. 

 
17.4 GOODS AND SERVICE TAX 
17.4.1 GOODS AND SERVICE TAX where legally leviable as per relevant 

HSN code will be admitted and reimbursed at the rate applicable 
during original delivery date.  

17.4.2 GOODS AND SERVICE TAX intended to be claimed should be 
distinctly shown separately along with the price quoted. Where 
this is not done, no claim for GOODS AND SERVICE TAX will be 
admitted at any later stage and on any ground whatsoever. 

17.4.3 The Purchaser is entitled for assessment of GST at the 
Concessional rate as per Notifications issued by the Government, 
as amended from time to time, in respect of purchases made for 
the Research and Development applications under the 
Department of Atomic Energy and other R&D units. 

17.4.4 GST for R&D Unit: Goods and Service Tax (GST) wherever 



6 

 

applicable will be paid extra at actual during the delivery period 
stipulated in the Purchase order. In terms of notifications issued 
by the Central Government and Statement Governments, R&D 
units of Department of Atomic Energy are entitled for IGST @ 5% 
or CGST @ 2.5% and SGST @ 2.5% as applicable for stores covered 
under the Purchase Order. 

17.4.5 GST for Services: As applicable. Specify the SAC codes wherever 
services are involved. 

17.4.6 It would be the responsibility of the contractor to ensure that 
relevant certificate is obtained from the Purchaser before effecting 
the delivery of goods ordered failing which the excess tax paid by 
the contractor shall not be reimbursed by the Purchaser. 

17.4.7 When GOODS AND SERVICE TAX is claimed as extra by the 
vendor in general and on packing charges in particular, the 
following certificates should be submitted by the vendor to the 
Paying Authority on the bills itself. 

17.4.8 Certified that the goods and packing charges on which GOODS 
AND SERVICE TAX has been charged have not been exempted 
under the Central Sales Tax or the State Sales Tax Act or the rules 
made there-under and the amount charged on account of GST on 
these goods and packing charges are not more than what is 
payable under the provision of relevant Act or the rules there-
under. 

17.4.9 Certified further that we have actually paid GOODS AND SERVICE 
TAX and are being assessed to GST on packing charges and also 
that where there are statutory exemption under the Relevant 
Act/Law of the State Government concerned, we have availed 
ourselves of it and certified non-availability of such a provision for 
GST on packing charges wherever claimed. 

17.4.10 Certified further in respect of amount claimed into the bill no claim 
is pending for refund/or admissible. Certified that in the event of 
our getting refund in whole or in part of the element of GOODS 
AND SERVICE TAX on packing charges claimed from Government, 
we shall pass on the benefit to the Purchaser by remitting to 
Government the amount equivalent to the amount of refund 
obtained by us. 

17.4.11 Further certififed that we abide by the all the provisions of Acts of 
Governemnt and rules made thereunder especially regarding anti-
profiteering provisions. 

17.4.12 Certified further that we (our Branch or agent) 
_______________________ ________________________________ 
(address) are registered as dealers in the State of ________________ 
under Local Regn. No._______________ and in the State of 
_____________ under Central Regn. No. ___________________ for the 
purpose of State/Central Tax.  

(Stamp & Signature of the Vendor) 
 

17.4.13 The vendor shall solely be responsible for declaration of Goods and 
Service Tax made in his invoice and shall indemnify the purchaser 
from any claim or its liability from concerned authorities at any 
stage. 

17.4.14 Certificate with each bill to the effect that no refund has been 
obtained in respect of the reimbursement of GST made to vendor 
during three months immediately preceding the date of the claim 
covered by the relevant bill. 



7 

 

17.4.15 AN UNDERTAKING to the effect that in case any refund of GST is 
granted to the vendor by concerned authorities in respect of stores 
supplied under the contract, they shall pass on the credit to the 
purchaser immediately alongwith a certificate from their 
Director/Manager/Proprietor/ Accountant to the effect that the 
credit so passed on relates to the GST originally paid for the stores 
supplied under the contract. In case of their failure to do so within 
10 days of the issue of the refund orders to them by the Authorites, 
the purchaser would be empowered to deduct a sum equivalent to 
the amount refunded by the authorities without any further 
reference to the vendor, from any of their outstanding bills against 
this or any other pending Government Contracts and that no 
dispute on this account would be raised by the vendor. 

17.4.16 Statutory Deductions, as applicable shall be made from the 
supplier’s bill. 

 
17.5 DEDUCTION OF TAX AT SOURCE (TDS) 

As per Government of India rules, it is mandatory that income tax shall 
be deducted at source at applicable rates as per relevant act, rules and 
notifications issued by the government from time to time. 
 

17.5.1 In case of Indigenous Vendors (Indian Suppliers who provide 

indigenous products and services, Indian subsidiaries with permanent 

establishment in India who supply imported goods and services and 

paid in Indian currency only):  Tax deducted at source will be applicable 

under Section 194-C for carrying out any work (including supply of 

labour for carrying out any work) in pursuance of contract as per 

Income Tax Act 1961. In case of technical or professional services, TDS 

will be applicable as per under Section 194-J of Income Tax Act 1961. 

 
17.5.2 In case of Foreign Vendors (Foreign Suppliers who provide goods from 

abroad paid in foreign currency and providing technical services by 

Indian subsidiary paid in Indian currency): The TDS is applicable where 

services are rendered in India directly or through their Indian counter 

part against foreign Purchase order / Contract as per the provision of 

under Section 195 of Income Tax act of India.  Wherever DTAA (Double 

Taxation Avoidance Agreement) agreement exists between India and the 

supplier country the provisions of the agreement shall be applicable. 

For getting benefit of DTAA (Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement), the 

following documents must be submitted, otherwise full TDS will be 

deducted. 

  
a) No Permanent Establishment in India certificate 

b) Tax Residency Certificate (TRC) issued by Tax authorities of their 

country 

c) Form 10F if TRC does not contain required details 

d) PAN (Permanent Account Number) details issued by Indian Income Tax 

Authority 

  



8 

 

Important Note:  
a) Where bifurcation is inappropriate and unacceptable for supply of 

material and providing services the purchase order / contract will be 

treated as Composite Contract and TDS will be deducted on whole 

contract / purchase order value as per applicable rate.   

b) TDS or any other leviable taxes or duties, if applicable, shall be 

deducted recovered from the Supplier’s bill and necessary certificate will 

be issued to the supplier. 

c) Details on relevant sections of Income Tax Act and DTAA treaties can 

be obtained from https://www.incometaxindia.gov.in/ Pages/acts/ 

income-tax-act.aspx.  

 
18.0 FLUCTUATION IN STATUTORY LEVIES 

Unless otherwise specifically agreed to in terms of the Contract, the 
purchaser shall not be liable for any claim on account of fresh 
imposition and/or increase in statutory levies on raw materials and/or 
components used directly in the manufacture of the contracted stores, 
taking place during the pendency of the contract. However, any 
reduction in statutory levies on these raw materials and/or components 
must be passed on to the Purchaser. 

19.0 SAMPLES/PROTOTYPES 
If any called for shall be submitted free of all charges by the Tenderer 
and the Purchaser shall not be responsible for any loss or damage 
thereof for any reason whatsoever. In the event of non-acceptance of the 
tender, the tenderer will have to make arrangements to remove/collect 
the sample/prototypes at his own expenses.  
 

20.0 QUANTITIES 
Quantities indicated are approximate only and one or more of the items 
of the stores tendered, or a portion of any one or more of the items of 
such stores may be accepted and the tenderer notwithstanding that his 
Tender has not been accepted in whole shall be bound to supply 
contracted quantity to the Purchaser. 
  

21.0 SUBMISSION OF DRAWINGS 
The tenderer shall furnish all drawings pertaining to the 
plant/machinery/ equipment/component to the Purchaser along with 

the tender for correct understanding and appreciation of the tender in 
quadruplicate. Besides, tenderers should also furnish general 
arrangement, schematic and such other drawings prescribed by the 
Purchaser within 4 weeks from the date of receipt of LOI/Purchase 
Order for approval. Such drawings should be furnished along with the 
tender. Tenderer’s drawing will form part of the purchase 
order/contract only after these are approved by the Purchaser. 
 

22.0 INSTALLATION AND COMMISSIONING 
22.1 Wherever, the purchaser’s invitation to tender calls for installation and 

commissioning or supervision of installation and commissioning of the 
instrument/equipment by the tenderer, the tenderer must clearly and 
separately quote the prices for the supply of the stores and the charges 
and the terms for installation and commissioning or supervision of 
installation and commissioning, as the case may be. The charges 

https://www.incometaxindia.gov.in/%20Pages/acts/%20income-tax-act.aspx
https://www.incometaxindia.gov.in/%20Pages/acts/%20income-tax-act.aspx


9 

 

towards installation and commissioning should not be included in the 
price of the stores. 

22.2 In respect of contracts involving installation and commissioning by 
vendors including overseas vendors where identifiable charges for the 
same has been quoted by the vendor, he shall bear the Income-tax 
liability as per the rates prevailing at the time of undertaking the job in 
accordance with the Income-tax Act in force in India. 

22.3 Wherever, the scope of the contract includes installation and 
commissioning, it shall be the sole responsibility of the contractor to 
undertake the installation and commissioning as and when called for, 
by the Purchaser. 
 

23.0 INSPECTION 

23.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for and perform all inspection and 
testing required in accordance with the contract/purchase order and 
specifications included therewith. 

23.2 The Purchaser may at his option depute his representative for 
inspection of the stores to be supplied under the contract or authorize 
and nominate a Quality Surveillance Agency of his choice for the 
purpose hereinafter called, in either case, the inspection. 

23.3 The supplier shall give notice of readiness for inspection to the 
Purchaser so that the Inspector can be present at the requisite time. In 
such an event delivery shall not be effected until an authorization or 
shipping release is obtained from the Purchaser. 

23.4 The contractor shall allow reasonable facility and free access to his 
work/factory and records to the inspector for the purpose of inspection 
or for ascertaining the progress of delivery under the contract. 
 

24.0 FACTORY REGISTRATION/SHOP & ESTABLISHMENT 
CERTIFICATE 
The tenderers shall upload the copy of the Factory Registration/License 
or Shop & Establishment Certificate as applicable, along with the 
tender, failing which the tenders are liable for rejection. 
 

25.0 PRODUCTS WITH ISI MARK 
25.1 Products with ISI mark will be preferred. 
25.2 In respect of following categories of item, Purchaser will consider 

offers for products with ISI mark only: 

 Fire Extinguisher 
 Building Material 
 PVC Pipes & fittings 
 Agricultural Implements & sprayers 
 Medical instruments such as syringes, needles, BP 

apparatus etc. 
 

26.0 SHOP/FACTORY EVALUATION, QUALITY SURVEILLANCE 
/INSPECTION AND SUBMISSION OF PROGRESS REPORTS 
26.1 The Purchaser or his technical authorities may at his option and 

prior to evaluation of the tender depute his Inspector or any 
quality surveillance Agency of his choice to the factory/workshop 
of the tenderer to assess and establish the manufacturing 
capability etc. of the tenderer. Similarly, the Purchaser may also 
depute his inspector/Quality Surveillance agency of his choice 
for inspection of the plant/machinery/equipment/component 



10 

 

during the various stages of manufacture in such an event the 
tenderer/contractor shall:- 

26.1.1 Allow reasonable facility and free access to his factory/work/ 
records to the Inspector for the purpose of inspection or for 
ascertaining the progress of manufacture and delivery. 

26.1.2 Provide the drawings, toolings, gauges, instruments etc. 
required for carrying out the inspection work. 

26.1.3 Produce an inspection plan to the Purchaser’s satisfaction 
notifying him when check points on the plan are imminent. 

26.1.4 Not supply or deliver the plant/machinery/equipment/ 
component unless and until a Shipping Release or an 
authorisation for despatch is obtained in a format provided by 
the Purchaser. Failure to comply with this instruction will not 

only result in with holding of the payment to the 
contractor/supplier, but also hold the tenderer/contractor 
liable for payment of compensation to the Purchaser due to 
delay in clearance of the Equipment/plant/machinery/ 
component from the carriers. 
 

27.0 INSTRUCTION MANUAL 
In respect of plant/ machinery/ equipment/ instrument/ apparatus, 
where instruction/ operation manual is normally necessary to enable 
the user to put the plant/machinery/equipment/instrument/ 
apparatus to proper use, the Contractor shall furnish such an 
instruction/operation manual specific to the stores being supplied 
along with the plant/machinery/equipment/instrument/apparatus. 
The Contractor shall clearly specify in the offer about his readiness to 
supply instruction/operation manual 
 

28.0 PACKING 
28.1 Tenderers shall note that packing for shipment shall be in 

accordance with the instructions outlined in this tender 
document, each package shall be limited to the size and weights 
that are permissible under the existing Air and Sea limitations. 
Even when no packing specification is included in the invitation 
to tender, it will be Supplier’s responsibility to provide 
appropriate packing depending upon the nature of the supply 
and the transportation and handling hazards. 

28.2 The equipment shall be so packed and protected as not to suffer 
deterioration, damage or breakage during shipment and storage 
in a tropical climate. 

28.3 Each package shall be properly labeled to indicate the type and 
quantity of material it contains, the purchase order number, its 
dimensions and weight and any other necessary data to identify 
the equipment and relate it to contract. 
 

29.0 DEVIATIONS TO PURCHASER’S SPECIFICATIONS AND 
CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
29.1 If any deviation or substitution from the technical specifications 

contained in Section “C” to this tender document is involved, 
such details should be clearly indicated and should be added as 
an annexure to the tender as otherwise it shall be an admission 
on the part of the tenderer that he will supply the equipment as 
specified by the Purchaser. Similarly, deviations to the 



11 

 

Purchaser’s General Conditions of Contract/Special Conditions 
of Contract contained in Section “B” of this tender document 
shall be indicated by the tenderer in another annexure to the 
tenderer.  

29.2 Price should be furnished in accordance with the format provided 
by the Purchaser at Section “D” of this tender document. 
 

30.0 DELIVERY 
Tenderer should note that no tender will be considered by the Purchaser 
unless the Tenderer can meet the delivery schedule specified by the 
Purchaser. All equipments/machinery/plant/ component covered by 
this tender document should be supplied on or before ______ or 
_________ month from the date of approval of drawings or ____ month 

from the date of receipt of free issue materials. The prices quoted by the 
tenderer should include all charges involved for direct and safe delivery 
of the items by Road to the project site of the Purchaser. If a tenderer 
so desires/separate lumpsum charges for transportation and safe 
delivery to Purchaser’s site could be furnished. Purchaser will neither 
undertake responsibility for transit insurance nor pay for it separately. 
No other, delivery term will be accepted by the Purchaser. 
 

31.0 ACCEPTANCE OF TENDERS 
31.1 The purchaser shall be under no obligation to accept the lowest 

or any other tender and shall be entitled to accept or reject any 
tender in part or full without assigning any reasons whatsoever. 

31.2 Acceptance of tenders by the Purchaser will be sent by fax, E-
mail, letter etc. within the validity date of the tender and such a 
fax, letter etc. would then be followed by a formal purchase 
order/contract. The tenderer whose offer is accepted will proceed 
with the execution of the contract on the basis of such advance 
acceptance of tenders without waiting for a formal purchase 
order/contract, and will be responsible to seek and obtain 
whatever clarifications that are necessary from the Purchaser to 
proceed with the manufacture without waiting for a formal 
purchase order/contract and delivery period will be reckoned 
from the date of the Letter of Intent. 

 
32.0 SETTLEMENT OF COMMERCIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 

CONTRACT 
In case the commercial terms and conditions of sale/contract stipulated 
in the tender submitted by the tenderer are at variance with the 
Purchaser’s General Conditions of all Contracts/Special Conditions of 
Contract stipulated in Section “B” of this tender document, the 
Purchase Officer will settle the commercial terms and conditions of 
contract with the tenderers chosen for award of the contract by holding 
discussions with them OR by sending Fax/Letter/E-mail etc. In case 
the concerned tenderer to whom an intimation thereof is given does not 
respond/fail to respond to communication sent by the Purchaser within 
the date specified, his tender is liable for rejection at the discretion of 
Director, IPR and no complaints whatsoever will be entertained from the 
tenderer for rejection of this tender. The tenderers should not discuss 
with the technical authorities/user department any of the commercial 
terms and conditions of contract and any agreement/understanding 



12 

 

reached between the tenderer and the technical authorities will not be 
valid and binding. 
 

33.0 COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITY REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
PURCHASER 
The Contractor shall strictly comply with the Security Rules and 
Regulations of the Purchaser in force and shall complete the required 
formalities including verification from Police and any other authority 
and obtain necessary prior permission for entry into the Purchasers 
premises, wherever authorized by the Purchaser. 
 

34.0 PAST PERFORMANCE 
In case the past performance of the tenderer is not found to be 

satisfactory with regard to quality, delivery, warranty obligation and 
non-fulfillment of terms and conditions of the contract, their offer is 
liable to be rejected by the purchaser. 
 

35.0 CAPACITY & FINANCIAL STANDING 
In case it is found that the tenderer does not possess the requisite 
infrastructure, capacity, capability and their financial standing is not 
satisfactory, such tender is liable to be rejected by the Purchaser. 
 

36.0 CONFIDENTIALITY 
Drawings, specifications, prototypes, samples or any other 
correspondence/details/information provided by the Purchaser relating 
to the tender or the contract shall be kept confidential by the contractor, 
and should not be disclosed or passed on to any other person/firm 
without the prior written consent of the purchaser. This clause shall 
apply to the sub-contractors, consultants, advisers or the employees 
engaged by the Contractor. 
 

37.0 RESTRICTED INFORMATION CATEGORIES UNDER SECTION 18 OF 
THE ATOMIC ENERGY ACT, 1962 AND OFFICIAL SECRETS UNDER 
SECTION 5 OF THE OFFICIAL SECRETS ACT, 1923 
Any contravention of the above mentioned provisions by the contractor, 
sub-contractor, consultant, adviser or the employees of the contractor 
will invite penal consequences under the aforesaid legislation. 
 

38.0 PROHIBITION AGAINST USE OF THE NAME OF ANY INSTITUTION 
OF DEPARTMENT OF ATOMIC ENERGY WITHOUT PERMISSION 
FOR PUBLICITY PURPOSES 
The Contractor or sub-contractor, consultant, adviser or the employees 
engaged by the contractor shall not use the name of any Institution of 
Department of Atomic Energy for any publicity purpose through any 
public media like Press, Radio, TV or Internet without the prior written 
approval of the Purchaser. 
 

39.0 FREE ISSUE MATERIAL (This clause shall apply only to contracts for 
supply of fabricated equipment with purchaser's Free Issue Materials 
(FIM). 
39.1 Wherever contracts envisage supply of Free Issue Material (FIM) 

by the Purchaser to the contractor, such Free Issue Material 
shall be safeguarded by an insurance policy to be provided by 
the Contractor at his own cost for the full value of such materials 



13 

 

and the insurance policy shall cover, the following risks 
specifically and shall be valid for six months beyond the 
contractual delivery date. 

 
o Risk to be covered: Any loss or damage to the Purchaser’s 

material due to fire, theft, riot, burglary, strike, civil commotion, 
terrorist act, natural calamities etc. and any loss or damage 
arising out of any other causes such as other materials falling on 
purchaser’s materials.  

 
o Insured by:           (Name of the Contractor) 

 
o Beneficiary: Institute for Plasma Research, Near Indira Bridge, 

Bhat, Gandhinagar-382428. 
 

o Amount for which insurance policy to be furnished: The 
amount will be indicated in the respective contract. 

 
Free Issue Material (FIM) will be issued to the Contractor only after 
receipt of the Insurance Policy from the Contractor. The contractor shall 
arrange collection of the FIM from the Purchaser’s premises and safe 
transportation of the same to his premises at his risk and cost.  
 
Notwithstanding the insurance cover taken out by the Contractor as 
above, the contractor shall indemnify the purchaser and keep the 
Purchaser indemnified to the extent of the value of free issue materials 
to be issued till such time the entire contract is executed and proper 
account for the FIM is rendered and the left over/surplus and scrap 
items are returned to the Purchaser. The contractor shall not utilize the 
Purchaser’s free issue materials for any job other than the one 
contracted out in this case and also not indulge in any act, commission 
or negligence which will cause/result in any loss/damage to the 
Purchaser and in which case, the Contractor shall be liable to the 
Purchaser to pay compensation to the full extent of damage/loss. The 
Contractor shall be responsible for the safety of the free issue materials 
after these are received by them and all through the period during 
which the materials remain in their possession/control/ custody. The 
free issue materials on receipt at the Contractor’s works shall be 

inspected by them for ensuring safe and correct receipt of the material. 
The Contractor shall report the discrepancies, if any, to the Purchaser 
within 5 days from the date of receipt of the material. The Contractor 
shall take all necessary precautions against any loss, deterioration, 
damage or destruction of the FIM from whatever cause arising whilst 
the said materials remain in their possession/custody or control. The 
FIM shall be inspected periodically at regular intervals by the Purchaser 
for ensuring safe preservation and storage. The contractor shall also 
not mix up the FIM with any other goods and shall render true and 
proper account of the materials actually used and return balance 
remaining unused material on hand and scrap along with final product 
and if it is not possible within a period of one month from the date of 
delivery of the final product covered by this purchase order. The 
Contractor shall also indemnify the Purchaser to compensate the 
difference in cost between the actual cost of the FIM lost/damaged and 
the claim settled to the Purchaser by the insurance company. The 



14 

 

decision of the Director, Institute for Plasma Research, as to whether 
the Contractor has caused any loss, destruction, damage or 
deterioration of the FIM while in his possession, custody or control from 
whatever cause arising and also on the quantum of damage suffered by 
the government, shall be final and binding upon the Contractor. 
 

40.0 EXPORT LICENCE/EXPORT PERMISSION 
40.1 It is entirely the responsibility of the vendors who are quoting for 

materials of foreign origin to ensure obtaining export 
permission/licence/authorisation as required from the respective 
Government before arranging shipment. This Department would not 
accept post supply inspection by any agency/authority of any foreign 
country. It is, therefore, necessary that the vendors offering materials 

from foreign countries shall have thorough knowledge of export contract 
regulations in vogue in those countries. 

40.2 The vendors shall indemnify the purchaser against any consequences 
in respect of any end-use declaration they/their overseas Principals 
may furnish to the government/government agencies of the country of 
origin of the materials, while seeking export permission/licence. Post 
supply inspection, contrary to the terms and conditions of purchaser's 
contract shall be deemed to be null and void. 

 
41.0 END USE CERTIFICATE 
41.1 Whenever an End-use Certificate is desired by the vendor, the same 

shall be clearly mentioned in the quotation and the purchaser shall 
provide an Enduser Certificate as per the format given below. The 
Purchaser will not provide any other document/declaration in this 
regard. 
 

END USER STATEMENT: 
 
“We hereby certify that the item/s i.e.______________, being procured from 
M/s________________________ against our Purchase Order 
No._______________ dated ___________ will be used for 
___________________. We also certify that the item/s will not be used in 
designing, developing, fabricating or testing of any chemical, biological, 
nuclear, or weapons of mass destruction or activities related to it. It is 
further certified that we will not re-export the Item/s prior to obtaining 
permission from the concerned authorities as may be required". 

 
42.0 COUNTRY OF ORIGIN 
42.1 Wherever the tenders are for imported stores, the Country of Origin of 

the stores must be clearly specified in the quotation. 
 

43.0 LIABILITY 
44.1 Vendors shall be liable for any damage to the purchaser or any third 

party out of any patent or latent defect in the goods supplied by him 
or sub-standard services rendered by him. 

 
44.0 RIGHT TO REJECT QUOTATION 
44.1 The Purchaser reserves the right to reject any quotation, which is not 

in conformity with the above instructions. 
44.2 The Purchaser also reserve the right to reject any quotation without 

assigning any reason whatsoever. 



15 

 

 
45.0 PRICE / PURCHASE PREFERENCE 

Purchase/Price preference to industries will be given as per the policy 
of the Government of India in force at the time of evaluation provided 
their offer is in compliance with the conditions of the policy. 
 

46.0 PERMANENT ACCOUNT NUMBER (PAN 
46.1 Vendors are required to upload a true copy of the PAN Card/Letter 

issued by the Income-tax Department, failing which the tenders are 
liable to be rejected. 
 

47.0 MSE bidders should declare their UAM (Udyog Aadhar Memorandum) 
number on CPPP portal to avail benefits as per Public Procurement 

Policy for MSE's order 2012. 
 

48.0 The bidder shall not be under a declaration of ineligibility for corrupt or 
fraudulent practices or blacklisted with any of the Government 
Agencies. 

 
 

Any additional conditions attached to this Invitation to Tender shall also form 
part of the contract conditions. 

  



16 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

SECTION ‘B’ 

 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF 

CONTRACT 
  



17 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

INSTITUTE FOR PLASMA RESESARCH 
PURCHASE SECTION 

 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF ALL 

CONTRACT 
& 

SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
GOVERNING SUPPLIES OF  
PLANT AND MACNHINERY 

  



18 

 

GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
 

 
1. DEFINITIONS 

 

1.1 The term ‘PURCHASER” means the Institute for Plasma Research or its 

successors or assigns. 

1.2 The term ‘PARTICULARS’ means the following: 

1.2.1 Specification 

1.2.2 Drawing 

1.2.3 Sealed pattern denoting a pattern sealed and signed by the 

Inspector 

1.2.4 Proprietary make denoting the produce of an individual firm 

1.2.5 Any other details governing the construction manufacture 

and/or supply as existing for the contract. 

1.3 The term ‘CONTRACTOR’ or ‘SUPPLIER’ means, firm or company with 

whom or with which the order for the supply of stores is placed and 

shall be deemed to include the Contractors/Successors (approved by 

the Purchaser), representatives, heirs, executors and administrators 

unless excluded by the contract. 

1.4 The term ‘CONTRACT’ or ‘PURCHASE ORDER’ means and comprises of 

a Letter or Email or ink signed or digitally signed document conveying 

acceptance of Contractor’s offer and invitation to tender, tender 

containing offer, advance acceptance of offer, general and special 

conditions of contract specified in the acceptance of offer and any 

subsequent amendments/alterations thereto made on the basis of 

mutual agreement.  

1.5 The term ‘STORES’ or ‘MATERIAL’ means, the goods specified in the 

contract/purchase order which the contractor has agreed to supply 

under the contract. 

1.6 The term ‘SUB-CONTRACTOR’ or ‘SUB-SUPPLIER’ means any 

contractor or supplier engaged by the contractor or the supplier with 

the prior approval of the Purchaser in relation to the contract/purchase 

order. 

1.7 The term ‘INSPECTOR’ or ‘QUALITY SURVEYOR’ means any person 

nominated and deputed by the purchaser or their appointed 

Consultants or Quality Surveillance Agency or any other person from 

time to time authorized by the Purchaser to act as his representative for 

the purpose of inspection of stores under the contract/purchase order. 

 

2. AUTHORITY OF PERSON SIGNING THE CONTRACT ON BEHALF OF 

THE CONTRACTOR 

The person signing the contract or the purchase order or any other 

document in respect of the contract or purchase order on behalf of the 

contractor shall deemed to warrant that he has the authority to bind the 

contractor. 



19 

 

3. SUBLETTING OF CONTRACT OR BILLS OR ANY BENEFIT ACCRUING 

THEREFROM 

3.1 The Contractor shall not sublet, transfer or assign the Contract 

or any part thereof or bills or any other benefits, accruing 

therefrom or under the contract without the prior written 

consent of the Purchaser (All Sub-contractors are required to be 

appraised and approved by the Purchaser before placement of 

orders by the Contractor/Supplier). However, such consent shall 

not be unreasonably withheld by the Purchaser, if such stores 

are not normally manufactured by the Contractor, such 

assignment or subletting shall not relieve the Contractor from 

any contractual obligation or responsibility under the Contract. 

3.2 Any breach of this condition shall entitle the Purchaser to cancel 

the Contract or any part thereof and to purchase from other 

sources at the risk and cost of the Contractor and shall recover 

from the Contractor damages arising from such cancellations. 

3.3 In case the Contractor sublets, transfers or assigns any part of 
the Contract with the prior written consent of the Purchaser, all 
payments to the Sub-Contractor shall be the responsibility of the 
Contractor and any requests from such sub-Contractor shall not 
be entertained by the Purchaser. 

 
4. SECURITY DEPOSIT 

4.1 On acceptance of tender, the Contractor shall at the option of the 

Purchaser and within the period specified by him, submit a Bank 

Guarantee from SBI or any one of the nationalized banks or reputed 

private banks, viz. AXIS Bank, ICICI Bank, IDBI Bank and HDFC Bank 

towards Security Deposit not exceeding 10% (ten percent) of the tendered 

value of the contract/purchase order valid till at least 2 months beyond 

the acceptance date of the material, as the Purchaser shall specify. 

4.2 If the Contractor is called upon  by the Purchaser to submit Security 

Deposit and the contractor fails to provide the same within the period 

specified such failure shall constitute a breach of the Contract and the 

Purchaser shall be entitled to make other arrangements for the 

repurchase of the stores contracted for at the risk and expenses of the 

Contractor in terms of clause 9.2.4 hereof and/or recover from the 

Contractor damages arising from such cancellation. No claim shall lie 

against the purchaser either in respect of interest if any due on Security 

Deposit or depreciation in value. 

4.3 Offers wherein contractors declined to submit Security Deposit are liable 

to be rejected.  

 

5. DRAWINGS & SPECIFICATIONS 

5.1 The drawings and specifications are intended to be complementary and 

to provide for an comprise everything necessary for the completion of 

supply. Any material shown on the drawing even if not particularly 

described in specifications or vice versa is to be supplied by the 

Contractor as if it were both shown and specified.  



20 

 

5.2 Should any discrepancy be noted in the drawings and/or specifications 

and should any interpretation of the same be required, the matter shall 

be referred to the Purchaser for clarification which shall be binding upon 

the contractor. Otherwise, the contractor shall assume responsibility for 

the interpretation of the drawings and specifications including 

interpretation by his sib-contractors. 

5.3 Should any difference or dispute arise with regard to the true intent and 

meaning of drawings or specification or should any portion of the same 

be obscure or capable of more than one interpretation, the same shall be 

decided by the Purchaser whose decision shall be final. 

5.4 All lettering on the drawings is t be considered as part of the specification 

and contract. In all cases figured dimensions are to be followed rather 

than those indicated by  scale. Large scale drawings will take precedence 

over small scale drawings. 

5.5 The contractors drawings shall, when approved by the Purchaser, be 

deemed to be included in the list of drawings which form part of the 

contract. The Contractor shall not proceed with fabrication until all 

drawings associated therewith have been duly approved by the 

Purchaser. 

5.6 The Contractor shall be responsible for and shall pay for any alterations 

of the stores and shall indemnify the Purchaser for any consequential 

expenditure incurred by the Purchaser due to any discrepancies, errors, 

omissions in the drawings or other particulars supplied by him whether 

such drawings or specifications have been approved by the Purchaser or 

not, provided that such discrepancies, errors or omissions be not due to 

inaccurate information or specifications furnished to the contractor on 

behalf of the Purchaser. 

5.7 General Warranty 

5.7.1 The stores supplied by the contractor under the contract shall be of best 
quality and workmanship. The contractor shall supply the stores in 
accordance with the contract specifications unless any deviation has 
been expressly specified in the contract and any amendments agreed 
thereto. 

5.7.2 The contractor’s offer to supply stores in accordance with the tender 
specifications shall be deemed to be in admission on his part that he has 
fully acquainted himself with the details thereof and no claim shall lie 
against the Purchaser on the ground that the contractor did not examine 
or acquaint himself fully with the tender specifications. 

 

5.8 Contractor’s Liability for Defective Stores 

5.8.1 For a period of twelve months after the stores have been accepted by 

Purchaser the Contractor shall be responsible for any defects that may 

be discovered therein notwithstanding that such defects could have 

been discovered at the time of inspection or any defects therein are 

found to have developed under proper use, arising from faulty 

materials, design or workmanship and the Contractor shall remedy all 

such defects as aforesaid at his own cost provided he is called upon 

within a period of 14 months from the date of acceptance thereof to do 



21 

 

so, by the Purchaser who shall state in writing in what respect the goods 

are faulty and further if in the opinion of the Purchaser the defects are 

of such a nature that it is necessary to replace or renew any defective 

stores, such replacement or renewal shall be made by the Contractor 

without any extra costs to the Purchaser, provided notice informing the 

Contractor of the defect is given by the Purchaser within the said period 

of 14 months. The decision of the Purchaser notwithstanding any prior 

approval or acceptance of the Inspector as to whether or not the stores 

delivered are defective or any defect has developed within the said 

period of twelve months or as to whether the nature of defects renewal 

or replacement shall be final conclusive and binding on the Contractor. 

6. ALTERATIONS  

6.1 The Purchaser may, from time to time, make changes in the drawings 

specifications and issue additional instructions without altering the 

purchase order in any manner provided that no changes shall have been 

ordered which materially alter the character and scope of the supply 

under the contract. 

6.2 It shall be lawful for the parties to the contract to alter by mutual 

consent at any time and from time to time the drawings and 

specifications and as from the dates specified by him stores to be 

supplied shall be in accordance with such altered drawings and 

specifications provided that if any such alterations involve increase or 

decrease in the cost of or in the period required for production, a 

revision of the contract price and/or the period prescribed for delivery 

shall be made by mutual agreement in respect of the stores to which 

the alteration applies. In all other respects, the contract shall remain 

unaltered. 

 

7. SAMPLES 

7.1 Samples submitted for any reason shall be supplied without charge and 

freight paid without any obligation of the Purchaser as regards safe 

custody or safe-return thereof. All samples submitted must be clearly 

labelled with the Contractor's name and address and tender number. If 

the Contractor submits the sample with his tender the same shall not 

govern the standard of supply except when it has been specifically 

stated in the Purchase Order that it is accepted instead of any sealed 

pattern. Should certified samples be lent to the Contractor by the 

Purchaser, the Contractor is responsible for the return in perfect order 

of all certified samples with the labels intact. 

 

8. PACKING 

8.1 The contractor shall be held responsible for the stores being sufficiently 

and properly packed for transport by rail, road, sea or air so as to 

ensure their being free from any loss or damages on arrival at their 

destination. The packing and marking of packages shall be done by and 

at the expenses of the Contractor. Each package shall contain a Packing 



22 

 

Note quoting Purchase Order number and date and showing its 

contents in detail. 

8.2 Unless otherwise provided in the contract all containers (including 

packing cases, boxes, tins, drums and wrappings) in which the stores 

are supplied by the contractor shall be considered as property of the 

Purchaser and their cost as having been included in the contract price. 

 

9. DELIVERY: 
9.1 TIME FOR AND DATE OF DELIVERY, THE ESSENCE OF THE 

CONTRACT:  
The time for and the date of delivery of the stores stipulated in the 
purchase order/contract shall be deemed to be of the essence of the 
contract and delivery must be completed not later than the date/dates 
stipulated.  

9.2 EXTENSION OF DELIVERY SCHEDULE 
9.2.1 If any delay in delivery shall have arisen from any cause such as strike, 

Lock-outs, fire, accidents, riot or the like which the purchaser may 
admit as reasonable ground for grant of extension of delivery schedule, 
the purchaser will allow such additional period for the purpose as he 
may consider necessary taking the circumstances into consideration. 

9.2.2 If the contractor fails to deliver the stores or any instalment or part 
thereof within the period fixed for such delivery or such additional 
period allowed by the purchaser in accordance with foregoing 
paragraphs or any time before the expiry of such period repudiates the 
contract, the Purchaser may without prejudice to the rights of the 
purchaser. 

9.2.3 Recover from the contractor as Liquidated Damages and not by way of 
penalty as detailed under clause No.02 given herein below for any stores 
which the contractor has failed to deliver within the period fixed for 
delivery in the contract or such additional period as mentioned in 
paragraph 9.2.1.  during which the delivery of such stores, may be in 
arrears where delivery thereof is accepted after expiry of the aforesaid 
period. (For the purpose of computing the damages for delayed supplies 
under the clause, the cost of the entire 
plant/machinery/equipment/instrument will be taken into 
consideration if the plant/machinery/equipment/instrument cannot be 
put to the intended use for want of delayed portion of supply).  

9.2.4 Purchase or authorise the purchase elsewhere without notice to the 
contractor, on account and at the risk of the contractor of the stores not 
so delivered or others of a similar description (where stores exactly 
complying with the contract specification are not in the opinion of the 
Purchaser, which opinion shall be final, readily procurable) without 
cancelling the contract in respect of the portion instrument not yet due 
of delivery, OR 

  



23 

 

9.2.5 Cancel the contract or portion thereof and if so desired purchase or 
authorise purchase of the stores not so delivered or others of a similar 
description (where stores exactly complying with the contract 
specification are not in the opinion of the Purchaser, which opinion 
shall be final, readily procurable) at the risk and cost of the contractor, 
if the contractor had defaulted in the performance of the original 
contract, the purchaser shall have the right to ignore his offer in 
response to risk purchase enquiry even though the lowest. 

9.2.6 Where action is taken under sub-clause 9.2.4 or sub-clause 9.2.5 above 
the contractor shall be liable for any loss which the purchaser may 
sustain on that account provided that the repurchase, or if there is an 
agreement to repurchase then such agreement, is made within a 
reasonable period from the date of such failure, depending upon the 

nature / merit of the purchase and in case of repudiation of the contract 
before the expiry of the aforesaid period of delivery, shall not be entitled 
to any gain on such purchase and the manner and method of such 
purchase shall be in the entire discretion of the Purchaser. It shall not 
be necessary for the purchaser to serve a notice of such purchase on 
the contractor. 

 
10. INSPECTION 
10.1 The contractor shall be responsible for and perform all inspection and 

testing required in accordance with the contract/purchase order and 
specifications included herewith. 

10.2 The Purchaser may at his option depute his representative for 
Inspection of the stores to be supplied under the contract or authorize 
and nominate a Quality Surveillance Agency of his choice for the 
purpose hereinafter called, in either case, the inspection. 

10.3 The contractor shall give notice of readiness for inspection to the 
Inspector (deputed under clause 10.2 above) so that the Inspector can 
be present at the requisite time. In such an event delivery shall not be 
effected until an authorization or shipping release is obtained from the 
Purchaser’s Inspector. 

10.4 The contractor hall allow reasonable facility and free access to his 
work/factory and records to the inspector for the purpose of inspection 
or for ascertaining the progress of delivery under the contract. 

 
11. RECTIFICATION AND REPLACEMENT OF DEFECTIVE STORES 

11.1 If the inspector find that the contractor has executed any unsound or 
imperfect work, the inspector shall notify such defects to the contractor 
and the contractor on receiving the details of such defects or deficiency, 
shall at his own expenses, within seven days or otherwise within such 
time as may be mutually agreed upon as reasonably necessary, proceed 
to alter, reconstruct or remanufacture the stores to the requisite 
standard and specifications as called for by the tender specification. 

 
12. INSPECTION AND REJECTION 
12.1 Inspection and Rejection: The stores shall be tendered by the 

Contractor for inspection at such places as may be specified by the 
Inspector, at the Contractor's own risk, expenses and costs and shall 
lie at such places of inspection at the risk of the Contractor and the 
stores will be subject to inspection and test as may be considered 
necessary by the inspector and his decision as regards rejection of goods 
shall be final and binding on the Contractor. If any goods are rejected 



24 

 

as aforesaid, then without prejudice to the foregoing provision, the 
Purchaser shall be at liberty to 
12.1.1 Allow the Contractor to re submit without prejudice to the 

Purchaser's right to claim and recover Liquidated damages as 
provided in clause 9.2.3 hereof, stores in replacement of those 
rejected within a time specified by the Purchaser (which time 
shall be essence of the contract), the contractor bearing the 
cost of freight for such replacement without being entitled to 
any extra payment, or 

12.1.2 Buy the quantity of stores rejected or others of a similar nature 
elsewhere at the risk and cost of the Contractor in accordance 
with the provisions contained in second paragraph of clause 
9.2.4 thereof without effecting the Contractor's liability as 

regards the supply of any further consignments due under the 
Contract, or 

12.1.3 Terminate the Contract and recover from the Contractor the 
loss Purchaser thereby incurred 

12.2 Removal of rejection: Any stores submitted for inspection and rejected 
by the Inspector must be removed by the Contractor within fourteen 
days from the date of receipt of intimation of rejection, provided that in 
the case of dangerous infected or perishable stores, the Inspector 
(whose decision shall be final) shall notify the Contractor to remove 
such stores within 48 hours of receipt of intimation of rejection and it 
shall be the duty of the Contractor to remove them accordingly. Such 
rejected stores shall lie at the Contractor's risk from the time of such 
rejection and if not removed within the aforementioned time, the 
Purchaser shall have the right either to return the rejected stores to the 
Contractor at the Contractor's risk by such mode of transport as 
Purchaser may select or to dispose off or segregate such stores as he 
thinks fit at the Contractor's risk and on his accounts and to 
appropriate such portion of the proceeds as may be necessary to cover 
any loss or expenses incurred by the Purchaser in connection with the 
said sale. Freight to destination of stores rejected after examination at 
destination shall be recoverable from the Contractor at the Tariff Rate. 

12.3 Test Certificate and Guarantees: Test Certificate Guarantees, if 
required by the Inspector shall be obtained and furnished by the 
Contractor free of costs. 

 

13. RECOVERY OF SUMS DUE 
13.1 Whenever any claim for payment of, whether liquidated or not, moneys 

arises out of or under this contract against the Contractor the 
Purchaser shall be entitled to recover sum by appropriating, in part or 
whole, by encashing the  Bank Guarantee submitted towards Security 
deposit by the Contractor, if a Security Deposit  is taken against the 
Contract. In the event of the security being insufficient or no Security 
Deposit has been taken from the Contractor then the balance or the 
total sum or which at any time hereafter may become due to the 
Contractor under this or any other contract with the Purchaser, should 
this sum be not sufficient to cover the full amount recoverable, the 
Contractor shall pay to the Purchaser on demand the remaining balance 
due. Similarly, if the Purchaser has or makes any claim, 'whether 
liquidated or not against the Contractor under any other contract with 
the Purchaser the payment of all moneys payable under the contract to 
the contractor including the security deposit shall be withheld till such 



25 

 

claims of the Purchaser are finally adjudicated upon and paid by the 
Contractor. 

13.2 All demurrage, wharfage and allied expenses incurred by the Purchaser, 
if any, due to delayed clearance of Stores in view of non receipt, 
incomplete or delayed receipt of documents by the Purchaser, shall be 
recovered from the payment due to the Contractor. 

 
14. BAR/PERT CHART 
14.1 The contractor at the discretion of the Purchaser shall submit the 

BAR/PERT chart indicating various activities from the date of purchase 
order to handing over of the stores. 

 
15. PERFORMANCE BANK GUARANTEE 

15.1 In the event of acceptance of the offer in respect of plant, machinery, 
equipment, instrument, etc. the tenderer will be required to submit a 
performance bank guarantee for 10% of the total value of the stores 
inclusive of all statutory levies and other charges admitted in the 
contract, from SBI/any nationalized bank or private sector banks, 
namely, ICICI Bank, IDBI Bank, HDFC Bank and AXIS Bank, on a non-
judicial stamp paper of appropriate value valid till 2 months beyond the 
expiry date of warranty period as per the Purchaser’s format towards 
satisfactory performance of the plant, machinery, equipment, 
instrument, etc. during the warranty period. In case of bids in currency 
other than INR performance bank guarantee shall be furnished from 
any bank of international repute. 

15.2 In case of non-submission of performance bank guarantee by the 
Contractor, an amount equivalent to 10% of the total value of the stores 
and other charges admitted in the contract will be retained  by the 
purchaser till the expiry of the warranty period of the stores. 

15.3 Offers of the tenders who are not agreeable to furnish performance bank 
guarantee or retaining of an equivalent amount by the purchaser as per 
clause No.15.1 and 15.2 above, are likely to be rejected. 

 
16. PERMIT AND LICENCES 
16.1 The contractor shall secure and pay all licenses and permit at his end 

which he may be required to comply with all laws ordinances and 
regulations of the public authorities in connection with the performance 
of his obligations under the contract. The contractor shall be 

responsible for all damages and shall indemnity and save the purchaser 
harmless from against all claims for damages and liability which may 
arise out of the failure of the contractors to secure and pay for any such 
licenses and permits or to comply fully which any and all applicable 
laws ordinances and regulations. 

 
17. PATENTS & PATENT RIGHTS INDEMNIFICATION 
17.1 The Contractor shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Purchaser 

from and against any and all claims, actions, costs, charges and 
expenses arising from or for infringement of patent rights, copy right or 
other protected rights, of any design plans, diagrams, drawings in 
respect of the stores supplied by the contractors or any of the 
manufacturing methods or process adopted by contractor for the stores 
supplied under the contract. 

17.2 In the event of any claim being made or action being taken against the 
purchaser in respect of the matter referred to clause 17.1 above, the 



26 

 

contractor shall promptly be notified thereof and he shall at his own 
expense, conduct all negotiations for the settlement of the same and 
any litigation that may arise therefrom. 

17.3 In the event of any designs, drawing, plans or diagrams or any 
manufacturing methods or process furnished by the contractor 
constituting infringement of patent or any other protected rights and 
use thereof is restrained, the contractor shall procure for Purchaser, at 
no cost to the latter, the rights to continue using  
the same or to the extend it is possible to replace the same so as to 
avoid such infringement and subject to approval by the Purchaser or 
modify them so that they become non-infringing, but such 
modifications shall otherwise be to the entire satisfaction of the 
Purchaser. 

17.4 The provision of the clause remains effective and binding upon the 
Contractor even after the completion, expiration or termination of the 
contract. 
 

18. LAW GOVERNING THE CONTRACT 
18.1 This Contract shall be governed by the laws of India for the time being 

in force. The marking of all stores supplied must comply with the 
requirements of India Acts relating to Merchandise Marks and all the 
rules made under such Acts. 

 
19. JURISDICTION 
19.1 The Courts  within the local limits (i.e. Gandhinagar) of whose 

jurisdiction the place from which the purchase order is issued is 
situation only shall, subject to Arbitration Clause, have jurisdiction to 
deal with and decide any matter out of this Purchase Order/Contract. 
 

20. SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES 
20.1 The Purchaser and the Contractor shall make every effort to resolve 

amicably by direct informal negotiation any disagreement or dispute 
arising between them under or in connection with the Contract. 

20.2 If the parties have failed to resolve their dispute or difference by such 
mutual consultation, then either the Purchaser or the Supplier may give 
notice to the other party of its intention to commence arbitration, as 
hereinafter provided, as to the matter in dispute, and no arbitration in 
respect of this matter may be commenced unless such notice is given. 

Any dispute or difference in respect of which a notice of intention to 
commence arbitration has been given in accordance with this Clause 
shall be finally settled by arbitration. Arbitration may be commenced 
prior to or after delivery of the Goods under the Contract. 
 

21. ARBITRATION 
21.1.1 In the event of any dispute or difference arising out or of in connection 

with any of the terms and conditions of the Purchase Order/Contract, 
the matter shall be referred to the Director, IPR for settlement. In case 
the parties to the Purchase Order are not in a position to settle the 
dispute mutually, the matter shall be referred to a Sole Arbitrator to be 
appointed in accordance with the Arbitration & Reconciliation Act, 1996 
& Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Act, 2015 as amended time 
to time. 

 

  



27 

 

22. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES 
22.1 As per Standard Terms & conditions, the Purchaser reserves the right 

to levy the Liquidated Damages, for delay in supply beyond the 
contractual delivery date at the rate of half percent (0.5 percent) of the 
total Contract price (Basic price) for each calendar week of delay. The 
total liquidated damages shall not exceed five percent (5%) of the 
contract price (Basic price). Stores/Goods will be deemed to have been 
delivered only when all its component parts are also delivered. If certain 
components are not delivered in time, the Stores/Goods will be 
considered as delayed until such time as the missing parts are 
delivered. 

22.2 Where the Contract entered into is a composite one with supply cum 
erection and installation/commissioning activities and the completion 

of erection and installation/commissioning is delayed irrespective of the 
fact that whether supply of material has been made within the original 
delivery period, the contract is to be considered as a whole and 
Liquidated Damages will be recovered on the total contract value. 
 

23. EXERCISING THE RIGHTS AND POWERS OF THE PURCHASER 
23.1 All the rights, discretions and powers of the Purchase under the 

contract shall be exercisable by and all notices on behalf of the 
Purchaser shall be given by the Purchase Officer and any reference to 
the opinion of the Purchaser in the terms and conditions contained in 
these General Conditions of all Contracts shall mean and be construed 
as reference to the opinion of any of the persons mentioned in this 
clause. 
 

24. TRAINING 
24.1 The successful tenderer shall, if required by the Purchaser, provide 

facilities for the practical training of Purchaser’s engineering or 
technical personnel for their active association on the manufacturing 
process throughout the manufacturing period of the Contract/stores, 
number of such personnel to be mutually agreed upon. If demanded by 
the Purchaser, such training shall be conducted at Purchaser’s site by 
the Contractor free of charge. The duration of training shall be mutually 
decided upon by the Purchaser and the Contractor. 
 

25. RISK PURCHASE 

25.1 In the event supplier fails to fulfill the contractual obligations as per the 
terms and conditions of the Contract, the Purchaser has an option of 
completing the Contract at the risk and expenses of the Contractor. 
While initiating risk purchase at the risk and expenses of the supplier, 
the Purchaser must satisfy himself that the supplier has failed to deliver 
and he has been given all the opportunities as per the Contract to 
execute the Contract and also adequate and proper notice. Wherever 
risk purchase is resorted to, the supplier is liable to pay the additional 
amount spent by the government, if any as compared to contracted 
amount. All the factors including the method of recovering such amount 
should also be considered while taking a decision to invoke the risk 
purchase. 

 
26. LIEN IN RESPECT OF CLAIMS IN OTHER CONTRACTS 
26.1 Any sum of money due and payable to the Contractor under any 

contract may be withheld or retained by way of lien by the purchaser or 



28 

 

any other person or persons contracting through the Director, IPR 
against any claim of the Purchaser or such other person or persons in 
respect of payment of a sum of money arising out of or under any other 
contract made by the contractor with the Purchaser or with other such 
person or persons. 

26.2 It is an agreed term of the contract that the sum of money so withheld 
or retained under this clause by the Purchaser will be kept withheld or 
retained as such by purchaser till this claim arising out of in the same 
contract or any other contract is either mutually settled or determined 
by the arbitrator, and that the contractor shall have no claim for interest 
or damages whatsoever on this account or on any other ground in 
respect of any sum of money withheld or retained under this clause and 
duly notified as such to the contractor. 

 
 

SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT GOVERNING SUPPLIES OF 
PLANT AND MACHINERY 

 
In addition to the General Conditions of Contract hereinbefore set out the 
following special conditions shall apply to contracts for the supply of Plant and 
Machinery and manufactured equipment. These Special Conditions where 
they differ from the General Conditions shall over-ride the later. 

 
27. DEFINITION OF PLANT 

27.1 The word “”PLANT” wherever, appears in these "Special Conditions of 

Contract governing supplies of Plants and Machinery" shall mean all 

machinery, plants, equipment or parts thereof or what the Contractor 

agrees to supply under contract as specified in the Purchase Order. 

 
28. MISTAKES IN DRAWING 

28.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for and shall pay for an alterations 

of the works due to any discrepancies, errors or omissions in the 

drawings or other particulars supplied by him whether such drawings 

or particulars have been approved by the Purchaser or not. 

 

29. RESPONSIBILITY FOR COMPLETENESS 

29.1 All fittings or accessories which may not be specifically mentioned in 

the specification but for which are usual or necessary, are to be 

provided by the Contractor without extra charge and the plant must be 

complete in all respects. 
 

30. REJECTION OF DEFECTIVE PLANT 

30.1 If the completed plant or any portion thereof before it is finally accepted 

is found to be defective or fails to fulfill the requirements of the contract, 

the Purchaser shall give the Contractor notice setting forth with the 

details of such defects or failure and the contractor shall forthwith 

rectify the defective plant or alter the same to make comply with the 

requirement of the contract. Should the contractors fail to do so within 

a reasonable time the Purchaser may reject and replace at the cost of 

the Contractor, the whole or any portion of the Plant as the case may 

be, which is defective or fails to fulfill the requirement of the contract. 



29 

 

Such replacement shall be carried out by the Purchaser within a 

reasonable time and at reasonable price and where reasonably possible 

to the same specifications and under competitive conditions. The 

Contractor shall be liable to pay to the Purchaser the extra cost, if any, 

of such replacement delivered and or erected as provided for in the 

contract such extra cost being the difference between the price paid by 

the Purchaser under the provisions above mentioned for such 

replacement and the contract price for them. Contractor shall refund to 

Purchaser any sum paid by the Purchaser to the Contractor in respect 

of such defective plant. 

 

31. INSPECTION AND FINAL TESTS 

31.1 All tests necessary to ensure that the plant complies with the 

particulars and guarantees shall be carried out at such place or places 

as may be determined by the inspector. Should, however, it be 

necessary for the final tests as to performance or guarantees to be held 

over until the Plant is erected at site they shall be carried out within 

one month of completion of erection. 

 

32. TRANSPORT AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR BREAKAGES EN-ROUTE 

32.1 Unless otherwise specified the Purchaser will take delivery of the plant 

from the place named in the purchase order but the contractor will be 

responsible for any damage which may be caused to the Plant during 

transit to the site of erection thereof. 

 

33. ERECTION AND COMMISISONING 
33.1 In all cases where contracts provide for supervision of erection and 

commissioning or for test at the Purchaser’s premises the Purchaser 
except where otherwise specified, shall provide free of charge, such 
labour, materials, fuels, stores, apparatus and instruments as may be 
required from time to time and as may reasonably by demanded by the 
contractor to carryout efficiently such supervision of erection and 
commissioning and for the requisite test. In case of contracts requiring 
electricity for the completion of erection, commissioning and testing at 
site, such electricity shall be supplied free to the contractor. 

33.2 Action by the Purchaser under the clause shall not relieve the 
contractor of his warranty obligations under the contract. 
 

34. WARRANTY 
34.1 The contractor warrants that stores to be supplied under the contract 

shall be free from all defects and faults in materials, workmanship and 
manufacture and shall be of the highest grade and consistent with the 
established and generally accepted standards for stores of the types 
under the contract in full conformity with the specifications, drawings 
or samples, if any and shall if operable, operate properly. This warranty 
shall expire (except in respect of complaints notified to the contractor 
prior to such date) twelve months from the date of acceptance of 
material. 

34.2 For a period of twelve calendar months after the plant/ 
machinery/equipment/instruments has been put into operation (or a 
suitable mutually agreed longer period to be reckoned from the date of 
last major shipment depending upon the nature of the 



30 

 

plant/machinery/equipment/instrument) the Contractor shall be 
responsible for any defects that may develop under conditions provided 
for the contract and under proper use, arising from the faulty materials, 
design or workmanship in the plant or from faulty erection of the plant 
by the Contractor, but otherwise and shall rectify such defects at his 
own cost when called upon to do so by the Purchaser who shall state in 
writing such defects. 

34.3 If it becomes necessary for the Contractor to replace or renew any 
defective portions of the plant for purpose of rectification under this 
clause, the provisions of this clause shall apply to the portions of the 
plant so replaced or renewed under the expiration of six months from 
the date of such replacement or renewal or until the end of the above 
mentioned period of twelve months whichever may be the later. If any 

defects not rectified within reasonable time, the purchaser may proceed 
to get the work done at contractor's risk and expenses but without 
prejudice to any other rights which the Purchaser may have against the 
Contractor in respect of such defects as provided in clause 9.2.4 or 9.2.5. 

34.4 All inspections adjustments, replacements or renewals carried out 
Contractor during the warranty period shall be subject to the same 
conditions as in the contract. 

34.5 Contractor shall, spare parts of equipment before going out of 
production, give adequate advance notice to the purchaser so that the 
latter may order requirement of spares in one lot if so desires. 

34.6 The contractor shall further guarantee that if spare parts go out of 
production, will make available blue prints, drawings of spare parts and 
specifications of material at no cost to the Purchaser, if and when 
required in connection with the equipment to enable Purchaser to 
fabricate or procure spare parts from other sources. 

34.7 The provision of this clause shall remain effective and binding upon the 
Contractor even after the completion or expiration of the contract and 
till the plant/machinery/equipment supplied under the contract is in 
use by the Purchaser. 

 
35. MODE OF PAYMENT 
35.1 Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Purchaser and the 

Contractor, payment for the delivery of the material will be made as 
follows. 
Within 30 days from the date of final acceptance and on receipt 

of Performance Bank guarantee for 10% of the contract value 
amount from SBI/nationalized banks or any one of the scheduled 
banks mentioned in the bracket (Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI 
Bank and IDBI Bank) valid through out the guarantee period 
mentioned in the contract/purchase order. 

35.1.1 In case any of the vendors seek advance or progressive payment prior 
to delivery of the material, such requests can be considered only in 
exceptional cases of large value items, in which case the vendor will 
be required to furnish a bank guarantee for an equivalent amount of 
the advance/progressive payment sought for, valid till the execution 
of the contract. The bank guarantee shall be got executed as per the 
Purchaser’s format from the State Bank of India (SBI)/nationalized 
banks or any one of the scheduled banks mentioned in the bracket 
(Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank). 



31 

 

35.1.2 Besides, the offers of the vendors seeking advance/progressive 
payment will be evaluated by loading 12% interest charges per annum 
on the amount of advance desired up to the delivery period quoted. 

35.1.3 In case any of the vendors seek pro-rata payment for the stores to be 
supplied they should clearly mention in their offer the maximum 
number of installments of supply. However, such installment delivery 
and pro-rata payment will be considered only in respect of contract 
involving large value and sizeable quantity of the item and the 
maximum number of installments shall be normally restricted to four. 
Acceptance or otherwise of this condition is reserved by the purchaser.  

35.1.4 Bank Charges: All bank charges to be borne by the 
Contractor/Supplier. 

35.1.5 No correspondence will be entertained within 30 days from the date of 

receipt of material and bills, whichever is later. 
35.1.6 Interest for delay in supply beyond the contractual delivery date: 

Wherever advance payments are sought for by the contractor and 
admitted in the contract, against Bank Guarantee for equivalent 
amount, in the event of any delay in supply beyond the contractual 
delivery date for reasons attributable to the contractor, interest 
charges @ 12% shall be levied for the period beyond the contractual 
delivery date, on the amount of balance advance payment to be 
adjusted. 

 
36. DELAY IN ERECTION 

36.1 Wherever erection of a plant or machinery is the responsibility of the 

Contractor as a term of the contract and in case the Contractor fails to 

carry out the erection as and when called upon as to do within the 

period specified by the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall have right to get 

the erection done through any source of his choice. In such an event, 

the contractor shall be liable to bear any additional expenditure that 

the Purchaser may incur towards erection. The Contractor shall, 

however, not be entitled to any gain due to such an action by the 

Purchaser. 

  



32 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

SECTION ‘C’ 
 

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

OF 
STORES AND DRAWINGS 

  



33 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Please refer tender document 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 



34 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

SECTION ‘D’ 
 

FORMAT FOR SUBMISSION 
OF PRICE 

 

  



35 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Please refer tender document 

 
 
 

 



 

TENDER FORM 
INSTITUTE FOR PLASMA RESEARCH 

(An Aided Institute of 
Department of Atomic Energy, Government of India) 

Near Indira Bridge; Bhat; Gandhinagar-382428; India 
 
 

Following terms are replaced in our Form for Tender No.IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/41 
dated 8-12-2018. 

 
1) Sr.No.3.1 (Section-A) under heading “Earnest Money Deposit (EMD)” of Form 

No.IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 (Terms and Conditions) is replaced with the following: 
The Tenderer shall submit, as part of its bid, interest free Earnest Money 

Deposit (EMD) for an amount as specified in the Tender Notice. EMD shall be 

submitted by way of  Demand Draft from SBI/nationalized banks or any one 

of the scheduled banks mentioned in the bracket (Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, 

ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank) issued in favour of  "Institute for  Plasma  

Research" and payable at  Ahmedabad. Tender received without EMD will 

be rejected at the discretion of IPR. 

(Copy of Demand Draft to be uploaded with the quotation, Original DD 
should be sent to IPR on or before the specified closing date and time) 

 

2) Sr.No.3.4 (Section-A) under heading “Earnest Money Deposit (EMD)” of Form 
No.IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 (Terms and Conditions) is replaced with the following: 
Exemption from payment of EMD: The firms registered with DGS&D, NSIC, 
DPS or Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs) which are actual 
producers/manufacturers of tendered items are exempted from payment of 
EMD provided valid registration certificate is uploaded along with the offer.  

 

3) Sr.No.17 (Section-A) under heading “Statutory Levies such as Customs Duty, 
Goods and Service Tax” of Form No.IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 (Terms and Conditions) 
is replaced with the following: 
Clause Nos.17.1, 17.2, 17.3 and its sub-clauses deleted from Form No: 

IPR-LP-ET-03.V2. 

4) Sr.No.21 (Section-A) under heading “Submission of Drawings” of Form No.IPR-
LP-ET-03.V2 (Terms and Conditions) is replaced with the following: 
Submission of Pre-installation Project reports: The tenderer shall furnish 
all documents pertaining to the plant/machinery/ equipment/component to 
the Purchaser along with the tender for correct understanding and 
appreciation of the tender in quadruplicate. Besides, tenderers should also 
furnish the documents mentioned under clause No.D(1) of Section-C within 
15 days from the date of receipt of Purchase Order for approval. Such 
docments should be furnished along with the tender. Tenderer’s 
drawing/documents will form part of the purchase order/contract only after 
these are approved by the Purchaser. 
 

5) Sr.No.31 (Section-A) under heading “Delivery” of Form No.IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 
(Terms and Conditions) is replaced with the following: 
 



Delivery: Tenderer should note that no tender will be considered by the 
Purchaser unless the Tenderer can meet the delivery schedule specified by the 
Purchaser. All equipments/machinery/plant/component covered by this 
tender document should be supplied & commissioned at IPR as per the 
Execution/Delivery schedule given under Clause No.E of Section-C. The prices 
quoted by the tenderer should include all charges involved for direct and safe 
delivery of the items by Road to the project site of the Purchaser. If a tenderer 
so desires/separate lumpsum charges for transportation and safe delivery to 
Purchaser’s site could be furnished. Purchaser will neither undertake 
responsibility for transit insurance nor pay for it separately. No other, delivery 
term will be accepted by the Purchaser 
 

6) Sr.No. 34.2 (Section-B) under heading Warranty of “General Conditions 
of Contract” of Form No.IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 (Terms and Conditions) is 

replaced with the following: 
a) Warranty/Guarantee: Twenty (20) years warranty for all passive 

components (excluding racks) and their installation at the final 

testing of the network and Five (5) years warranty for all active 
components from the date of acceptance against all sorts of 
manufacturing defects, faulty material and poor workmanship. 

Please refer Clause No.C of Section-C (Technical specification) 
for more details on Warranty & support. 

 
7) Sr. No. 35 (Section-B) under heading Mode of Payment of “General Conditions 

of Contract” of Form No.IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 (Terms and Conditions) is replaced 
with the following: 

 
Payment: Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Purchaser and 
the Contractor, payment for the delivery of the tendered items, will be made 
as follows. 
a) 80% of supply portion (i.e. Sr.No.1 to 22 of Price Schedule – Section-D) + 

100% of all other charges will be paid after receipt of material at IPR site 
and its verification by IPR representative and on receipt of invoice in 
triplicate. 

b) Balance 20% of supply portion (i.e. Sr.No.1 to 22 of Price Schedule – 
Section-D) + 100% of Sr.No.23 to 43 of Price Schedule – Section-D  will be 
paid within 30 days from the date of acceptance and on receipt of 
Performance Bank Guarantee for 10% of the order value from 
SBI/nationalized banks or any one of the scheduled banks mentioned in 
the bracket (Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank) valid 
throughout the warranty period and on receipt of final invoice. 
 

 
Following terms is added to our Form No. IPR-LP-ET-03.V2 for Tender No. 
No.IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/xx dated 20-11-2018. 

 
a) TDS as per CGST Act: As per the provisions mentioned under Section No. 51 

of the CGST Act 2017, TDS @ 2% (IGST 2% or CGST 1% and SGST 1%) will 
be deducted while making payment to the suppliers where total value of the 
purchase order/contracts/work orders exceeds Rs.2.5 Lakhs. Necessary TDS 
Certificate will be issued to the supplier after TDS deduction. 

 
IMPORTANT NOTE: 
[1] QUOTATIONS ARE INVITED IN INDIAN CURRENCY ONLY 
[2] QUOTATIONS RECEIVED OTHER THAN “INR” QUOTE SHALL SUMMARILY 

BE REJECTED. 



 

 

 

INSTITUTE FOR PLASMA RESEARCH 
 

Tender No: IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/41 DATED 

8/12/2018 

Section-C 
 
 
 

SST-1 Networking System 

Technical Specifications 
 

SST-1 Operation Division 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The document contains the detailed technical specifications for SST-1 
networking System. 



A. General terms and conditions for vendor/bidder 

1. The supply, installation and commissioning will be at IPR campus. 

Working days: Monday – Friday 

Working Time: 9:00 AM – 5:30 PM 

2. The complete solution (including switches, optical fibre and UTP cables) should be 

compatible for 10Gbps or higher bandwidth. 

3. All equipment recommended by the bidder shall be industry proven products, 

complying ISO/IEC/EIA/TIA standards as mentioned in detailed technical 

specification. 

4. The bidders are requested to offer their price bid preferably of these makes/brands: 

For Active Components: HP, CISCO, DELL, JUNIPER, BROCADE 

For Passive Components: TYCO, MOLEX, CORNING, PANDUIT, SYSTIMAX, 

R&M 

5. It is mandatory that Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) for quoted active and 

passive components, should have a registered office in India since last 3 years from 

the date of publishing of this tender. Provide supporting document for this. 

6. The bidder shall be certified by the OEM in all aspects of design, installation, and 

testing of the products described herein, for the active as well as passive 

components. A valid Authorization certificate as given in ‘Annexure-III’, from the 

OEM in the name of bidding organization is required to be furnished, failure to which 

the bid shall be rejected. 

7. The bidder shall has to work at a height of 30 meters at certain locations. Hence the 

bidder shall follow IPR safety rules during the installation/test/commissioning plans. 

The bidder shall arrange and bring all safety equipments (Helmet, safety belt etc.) 

along with him during network commissioning work. 

8. The bidder has to compliance all the security, safety and labour rules and regulation 

enforced by IPR. 

9. Under any circumstances, campus existing services like existing network, telephone 

and electric lines should not be disturbed and vendor has to take extra care for 

functionality/continuity of the services. In any case, if damaged due to negligence of 

vendor/subcontractor, the services to be restore as soon as possible at vendors time, 

cost and risk. 

10. The bidder shall submit the schedule of network installation/commissioning & testing 

work and shall take IPR’s approval for the schedule in advance. 

11. The vendor should arrange all necessary resources including labours, equipment 

etc., whose entire responsibility, whatsoever would be of the vendor only. 

12. The payment for service/labour charges will be made as per actual. 



13. Any extra fitting/fixtures material remaining after execution of the job will have to be 

taken by the vendor and no payment will be made for such excess material. 

14. All the civil or carpentry work if required to deploy the networking system, shall be 

responsibility of the vendor.  

15. The vendor shall bring all tools required for installation / commissioning. No labour or 

tools will be provided by IPR. 

16. While execution of the work, covering of equipment and cleaning of that area will be 

in vendor scope. The necessary resources has to bring by the vendor for covering 

the equipment. 

 

B. Site Visit 

Prospective bidder may visit IPR for site survey only on working days (Monday to Friday) 

excluding government holidays, at least before 3 days of closing the tender between 14:00 

hours to 17:00 hours, by taking prior appointment from Mr. Aveg Kumar (Ph. No.: 079-

23964005). 

 

C. Warranty and support 

1. The bidder and OEM both must provide the Support Matrix to call the engineer for 

any support.  

2. The bidder will register any call log to OEM for any issues related to supplied 

Hardware and Software during the entire warranty period. 

3. The OEM warranty certificate of 20 years shall be required for all passive 

components (excluding racks) and their installation at the final testing of the network, 

from the date of acceptance. The vendor shall include the certification procedure and 

testing condition be fulfilled to get this certification. 

4. The OEM warranty certificate for a period of 5 years from the date of acceptance, 

shall be required for all the active components. 

5. The bidder shall provide the written letter from OEM of active components stating, 

that support of quoted active components will be provided at least for 5 years from 

the date of acceptance. 

6. The bidder shall quote all the active and passive components by taking the above 

mentioned warranty at Point C.3 and C.4 into consideration.  

7. The bidder has to provide Technical support for administration/maintenance as and 

when required/requested (both software and hardware levels) of proposed Network 

Switches and Network Management Software during warranty period. The bidder 

must send support engineer on the site within 24 hours after problem report. The 

warranty will start from the date of installation and commissioning at our site (i.e. from 

the date of acceptance). 



8. The bidder must have well established service and support facility in 

Ahmedabad/Gandhinagar. Provide support document for this. 

 

D. Scope of Work 

The network shall be based on star topology as given in Network Diagram at ‘Annexure-I’ 

of this document. The main star point shall be installed in SST-1 central control room in IPR 

campus. This diagram shall be followed for basic minimum reference. The additional 

networking features which can increase the reliability and performance of the network can be 

incorporated by bidder. The bidder can optimize the solution while fulfilling the requirements 

mentioned in this document. The detailed specifications for equipment’s be supplied are at 

‘Annexure-II’ of this document. The selected bidder (vendor) will be required to carry out 

all of the below mentioned activities: 

1. LAN Survey and Document preparation  

The vendor will submit two documents namely Pre-Installation Project Report and Project 

Completion Document comprising of test results as mentioned at Point-4 of the tender 

document. 

1.1 On confirmation of the order from IPR, the vendor/System Integrator, is required to 

carry out survey of the site. The purpose of this exercise is to study, gather 

information for providing the required services at each location of the site. 

1.1.1 The vendor will designate project engineer for the site to coordinate with IPR 

representative for gathering required data in consultation with IPR 

representative. 

1.1.2 The vendor will prepare and submit a Pre-installation Project Report (Hard & 

Soft Copy) to IPR, for the site covering the following aspects:  

a. LAN design – It will address total LAN node requirement i.e. surveying & 

preparing list of nodes’ locations. 

b. Engineering – It will address preparation of LAN IP addressing scheme, 

creation of VLAN for segregation between Ethernet and experimental 

network (intranet), address all the LAN issues and switch configuration. 

c. Structured cabling installation – It will address cable routing on 

building blueprint/plan, identification of existing cable risers and 

equipment closets to be used, labelling plan for cabling infrastructure, 

marking & identification of entire LAN infrastructure, creation of separate 

cable trays / pathways / raceways if required. 

d. Commissioning, testing & maintenance – It will address strategy for 

phase-wise installation & commissioning of LAN, testing & certification of 



LAN components & cabling infrastructure, tools and manuals required for 

the maintenance. 

1.2 The vendor shall complete the above-said activities within 15 days after At 

the end of the project, complete working network as per the IPR’s requirements to 

be handed over to IPR and a Project Completion Document (Hard & Soft Copy) 

shall be submitted to IPR detailing the following: 

1.2.1 Floor Plan duly marked with all node locations and their numbering scheme 

for each location details data and voice connects in 

AutoCAD/PDF/PPT/DOC. 

1.2.2 Rack Elevation Plans for all Network racks. 

1.2.3 Jack Panel patching Scheme. 

1.2.4 Bill of Material Utilized. 

1.2.5 Schematic layout of Backbone connectivity scheme and the numbering 

scheme for backbone. 

1.2.6 Any other Data as may be required by IPR. 

1.2.7 Diagram of fiber laying path. 

1.2.8 Diagram of Ethernet end points (location-wise). 

1.2.9 LAN IP addressing schema, VLAN schema and switch configuration. 

 

2. Supply and installation of LAN Passive items/equipment’s, laying of cables 

The vendor will supply all the passive LAN cabling equipment’s according to the Detailed 

Project Report and BOQ submitted. 

2.1 All structured cabling material (Passive Components) should be from Single OEM. 

2.2 Average length of all fiber and copper backbone cables in the BOQ are on 

assumptions and may vary during LAN Survey and documentation phase. 

2.3 The Detailed Project Report shall be followed for the cabling routing plan, 

labelling of the cabling infrastructure and for complete installation. 

2.4 For any change in the passive cable laying path or connectivity, vendor has to take 

permission from IPR’s representative. 

2.5 Network environment is having magnetic field/ X-ray/RF so optical fibre and copper 

cables shall be shielded end to end as mentioned in detailed specifications. 

2.6 The entire cabling system shall be based on structured cabling as per TIA/EIA 568-

B and TIA/EIA 569-A. For this the vendor shall post Project Manager along with the 

skilled manpower till the completion of installation & commissioning of the cabling/ 

LAN equipment’s. 

2.7 The vendor will lay all the optical cables through existing HDPE duct while for any 

extra laying will use HDPE class-B conduit.  



2.8 The pipes shall be adequately supported to avoid any displacement / disturbance 

to the copper & fiber optic cabling. The supply of necessary clamps and other 

related accessories (for support) will be in vendor’s scope. 

2.9 All the clamps, screws and other accessories used shall be of stainless steel or 

anti-corrosive material and shall be included in BOQ. 

2.10 The other supplied accessories must be of good quality and have ISI certified. 

2.11 The optical cables shall be laid in continuous lengths from LIU to LIU and shall not 

exceed the length specified by the OEM to ensure gigabit performance. 

2.12 Fiber core slacks shall be neatly coiled within the fiber termination panel. No fiber 

core slacks shall be permitted outside the panel. 

2.13 The bending radii of the cable shall follow the OEM’s installation standards / 

recommendations   

2.14 Dust caps will be provided by the vendor on the connectors, couplers and switches 

(to cover unused fiber and Ethernet ports). 

2.15 Each cable shall be clearly tagged / labelled on the cable jacket behind the patch 

panel, at a location, that can be viewed clearly without removing cables or the 

cable ties. 

2.16 Numbering / tagging / ferruling on each rack, LIU, port on the LIU, fiber optic cable 

etc. shall be done as per existing cable tagging scheme or standards. 

2.17 Wrap labels to be installed on all patch cord labels and cables neatly fanned out 

and dressed. 

2.18 All Labelling on Jack Panels shall be done as per coloured scheme for the 

respective colour considered. 

2.19 All cables shall be bundled in the rack with Velcro / Button ties for ease of bundling 

and re-bundling again if required in future. 

2.20 Backbone naming convention for all Copper and fiber to be in accordance to 

discussion with IPR by numbering at either ends of cables in accordance to the link 

between the respective Hub rooms. 

2.21 Node labelling has to be done as per ISO standard. Only printed labels will be 

allowed for labelling. 

2.22 Factory crimped fiber optic patch cords shall be used for connecting LIU and the 

switch ports. 

2.23 All copper cables shall be installed in ISI mark Casing-Capping. The 

conduit/pipe/casing-capping etc. shall be included in BOQ.  

2.24 The entry of all the cables (Fibre/UTP/Power) in the network racks shall be through 

Flame-retardant heat-shrinkable cable entry seals. 



2.25 The vendor shall quote the racks of same make and of same colour in order to 

house all networking equipment at different locations as specified in detailed 

specifications for network racks. 

 

3. Supply, Installation & configuration of LAN active equipment’s 

The vendor will supply, install & configure all the active devices like Layer 2 / Layer 3 

switches etc. according to the Detailed Project Report and BOM submitted. 

3.1 All the active components (Core and Access Switches and SFP+ modules) shall be 

of same make/OEM. 

3.2 The core switches shall have sufficient backplane capacity in order to handle full 

load on the network switches. 

3.3 All the network switches shall be manageable from a central place (SST-1 Central 

Control Room). 

3.4 All network switches shall be supplied with all the optical patch cords, power cord 

and stacking cables, with appropriate licenses (if required) to make the switches 

functional. 

3.5 The switches need to be updated with latest version of IOS. IOS / software update 

during the warranty period shall be responsibility of the vendor. 

3.6 The vendor must cover all the unused ports on network switches resides in the 

racks with anti-dust jack cover. 

3.7 The vendor will integrate the proposed networking system with the existing IPR’s 

Ethernet network by creating  

3.8 The LAN IP addressing scheme, proxy configuration, configuration for all the LAN 

security issues and creation of in-building VLAN for segregation between Ethernet 

and experimental network (intranet) will be carried out by the vendor as per the 

Detailed Project Report. 

3.9 The vendor will submit a post installation document (“Hardware Deployment 

Document”) for maintenance purpose which will include all the above activities & 

details of site-wise equipment deployed with corresponding IP address, 

configuration of switches & related policies implemented.  

 

4. Testing of entire network 

The testing of entire network will be done in presence of IPR representative. The tests will be 

done according to TIA/EIA standards. All testing should be pass as per ISO & IEEE 

standards not marginal pass through Fluke/JDSU. 

 



4.1 End-to-End Link Attenuation Tests: 

4.1.1 Testing shall be performed on each cabling segment (connector to 

connector) for all cores in single cable. 

4.1.2 Horizontal and vertical backbone link measurements tests at specified 

bandwidth in each direction. 

4.1.3 Attenuation test results shall be less than that calculated according to 

standards of TIA/EIA. 

4.2 The switches will be tested end-to-end for bandwidth, throughput and offered load. 

These tests shall be performed on different platforms and different operating 

systems (Linux/Windows). 

4.3 The vendor will document all these test results and submit it along with the post 

installation document. 

4.4 For benchmarking vendor has to submit the test results for copper using Penta 

Scanning and the test results for fiber using OTDR. 

 

5. Training to IPR personnel 

After completion of network commissioning and testing vendor will arrange a half/full day 

training session, needs to be conducted in IPR premises at an agreed time. This shall 

include the demonstration of complete network configuration / monitoring management tools. 

 

E. EXECUTION/DELIVERY SCHEDULE  

Sr. No. Activities Delivery Time 

1. Site survey and submission of Pre-

Installation Project Report as mentioned in 

the Tender Document Point No. D-1. 

Within 10 days from date of the 

issuance of the order. 

2. Approval of the Pre-Installation Project 

Report from IPR. 

Within 5 days from the date of 

submission of the document. 

3. Supply of complete material (Active and 

Passive) as per final BOQ. 

Within 6 weeks from the date of 

approval of Pre-Installation 

Project Report. 

4. Installation, commissioning and configuration 

of the complete network (Active as well as 

passive components) as mentioned in the 

Tender Document Point No. D-2 and D-3. 

Within 6 weeks from the date of 

delivery, of the material. 



 

5. Integrated testing of the network as 

mentioned in the Tender Document Point 

No. D-4 and submission of Project 

Completion Document as mentioned in the 

Tender Document Point No. D-1. 

Within 10 days from the date of 

complete installation, 

commissioning and 

configuration. 

6. Training to IPR personnel as mentioned in 

the Tender Document Point No. D-5.  

Within 10 days from the date of 

completion of testing and 

submission of Project 

Completion Document. 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

Annexure-I 
 

 



 

 

Annexure-II 

Detailed Technical Specifications 
 

Table-1: Network Layer 3 Core Switch 
Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 
Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specification 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 Architecture 

1.1 
The switch should have at least 24 nos. of 10 Gigabit Ethernet 
SFP+ ports with optional uplink modules. 

    

1.2 
The switch should have non-blocking architecture to easily 
handle unexpected traffic loads. 

    

1.3 
The switch architecture should be stackable with at least 8 
switches in a single stack. Stacking cable should be provided. 

    

1.4 
The switch should have at least one RJ-45/USB 2.0 port for OS 
management port. 

    

1.5 
The switch should be 19” rack mountable (including mounting 
brackets) and should not take space more than 1 Rack Unit (RU). 

    

1.6 
The switch should have redundant, hot-swappable and modular 
power supplies and fans with IO to PSU Airflow 

    

2 Performance 

2.1 
The switch should have at least 256 MB Flash and 512 MB 
DRAM. 

    

2.2 
The switch should support Jumbo frame sizes of at least 9 Kbytes 
on Gigabit Ethernet and 10-Gigabit ports for large data transfer. 

    

2.3 
The switch should have switching capacity of at least 480 Gbps 
for providing non-blocking performance. 

    

2.4 
The switch should have minimum 350 Mpps switching 
throughput. 

  

2.5 The switch should support at least 4000 Active VLAN ID's.     

2.6 The switch should support at least 64K MAC Addresses.     

2.7 
The switch should support at least 5K IPv4 and 5K IPv6 unicast 
routes. 

  

3 Layer 3 Features 

3.1 
The switch should support dynamic routing protocols like 
RIPv1&v2. 

    

3.2 
The switch should support Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol 
VRRPv2&v3. 

  

3.3 The switch should support Policy Based Routing (PBR).     

3.4 The switch should support IPv4 and IPv6 multicast routing.   

3.5 
The switch should support DHCP server, client, snooping and 
relay. 

  

3.6 
The switch should support Internet Group Management Protocol 
(IGMP). 

  

3.7 The switch should support Neighbor discovery.   

4 Layer 2 Features 

4.1 
The switch should support Link Aggregation Control Protocol 
(LACP) to allow creation of Ethernet channeling supporting at 
least 32 Group. 

    

4.2 
The switch should support Remote Switched Port Analyzer 
(RSPAN) or equivalent. 

    

4.3 
The switch should support Bridge protocol data unit (BPDU) 
Guard or equivalent.  

    



4.4 
The switch should support port based, MAC based, protocol 
based, subnet based, private, voice and guest VLANs.  

  

4.5 
The switch should support Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), Rapid 
Spanning Tree Protocol (RSTP) and Multiple Spanning Tree 
Protocol (MSTP). 

    

4.6 The switch should support IP multicast snooping IGMP v1, v2, v3   

4.7 
The switch should support Multicast Listener Discovery (MLD 
v1/2) snooping. 

  

4.8 The switch should support Unidirectional Link Detection (UDLD).   

4.9 
The switch should support Generic VLAN Registration Protocol 
(GVRP) and Generic Attribute Registration Protocol (GARP) 

  

5 Network Security Features 

5.1 

The switch should support drop or rate limit based on source and 
destination MAC, VLAN ID or IP address, protocol, port, 
TCP/UDP source and destination ports information or any 
combination of these fields. 

    

5.2 
The switch should support MAC, IPv4, IPv6, TCP, UDP ACL, 
Protocol based ACL, ACL over VLAN and Dynamic ACL. 

  

5.3 
The switch should support RADIUS, TACACS/TACAS+ and 
username/password for authentication, authorization and 
accounting. 

    

5.4 
The switch should support secure communications to the 
management interface and system through SSL, Secure Shell 
(SSHv2) and SNMPv3 

  

5.5 The switch should support DHCP snooping.   

5.6 The switch should support IP Source Guard.   

5.7 
The switch should support port access authentication according 
to 802.1x. 

  

5.8 
The switch should support dynamic Address Resolution Protocol 
(ARP) Inspection. 

  

5.9 
The switch should support Broadcast, Multicast and Unicast 
Network Storm control. 

  

5.10 The switch should support STP root guard and BPDU guard.   

5.11 The switch should support IP/MAC/Port Binding (IPMB).   

5.12 The switch should support port security.   

6 Quality of Service 

6.1 The switch should support at least eight egress queues per port.      

6.2 The switch should be capable of deploying QoS policies.     

6.3 
The switch should support Class of Service (CoS) based on; Port, 
802.1p, IP precedence, IP ToS, IP DSCP and DiffServ QoS. 

  

6.4 
The switch should support Strict priority and weighted round-
robin (WRR) scheduling. 

  

7 Manageability 

7.1 

The switch should support secure management via IPv4 or IPv6 
through features such as Secure Shell (SSHv1/2), Secure 
Sockets Layer (SSL), and Simple Network Management Protocol 
(SNMPv1, 2, 3). 

    

7.2 
The switch should support manageability using Network 
Management Software with Web based Graphical User Interface 
(GUI). 

  

7.3 
The switch should support integrated standard based Command 
Line Interface (CLI), Telnet, SCP, TFTP, HTTP access for switch 
management/upgrade/monitoring. 

  

7.4 The switch should support NetFlow/sFlow or equivalent.   

7.5 
The switch should support Remote Switch Port Analyzer 
(RSPAN). 

  

7.6 The switch should support Remote Monitoring (RMON).   

7.7 The switch should support other management features like: Ping,   



Telnet, Port mirroring, DHCP client, Simple Network Time 
Protocol (SNTP), cable diagnostics and syslog. 

8 Standards and Compliance 

8.1 

The switch should be compliant with  
IEEE compliance: IEEE 802.1AB (LLDP), IEEE 802.1D (STP), 
IEEE 802.1s (MSTP), IEEE 802.1w (RSTP), IEEE 802.1p (L2 
Prioritization, QoS), IEEE 802.1Q (VLAN Tagging), IEEE 802.1X 
(Network Access Control), IEEE 802.3 10BASE-T Ethernet, IEEE 
802.3u 100BASE-T Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ab 1000BASE-T  
Ethernet, IEEE 802.3z Gigabit Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ae 10 Gigabit 
Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ad Link Aggregation Control Protocol 
(LACP), IEEE 802.3x Flow Control. 

    

8.2 
Certification: UL (UL 60950), CSA (CSA 22.2), CE mark, FCC 
Part 15 (CFR 47) Class A. 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Table-2: Network Layer 2 Access Switch 24 ports 
Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 
Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specification 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 Architecture 

1.1 
The switch should have 24 100/1000 Base-TX, auto-negotiating 
and auto sensing ports. 

    

1.2 
The switch should have at least 2 nos. of Small Form-Factor, 
pluggable, 10G SFP+ uplink ports in addition to the above ports. 

    

1.3 
The switch should have at least one RJ-45/USB 2.0 port for OS 
management (uploading, downloading and configuration). 

    

1.4 
The switch should be rack mountable and should not take space 
more than 1 Rack Unit (RU). 

    

1.5 
The switch architecture should be stackable with at least 4 
switches in a single stack, using additional stacking port. 

    

2 Performance 

2.1 The switch should have at least 256 MB Flash and 512 MB RAM.     

2.2 The switch should support Jumbo Frames of at least 9 Kbytes.     

2.3 
The switch should support at least 128 Gbps of switching 
bandwidth. 

    

2.4 The switch should have at least 95 Mpps of forwarding rate.     

2.5 The switch should support at least 256 Active VLAN.     

2.6 The switch should support at least 16K MAC Addresses.     

3 Layer 2 Features 

3.1 

The switch should be able to discover (on both IPv4 & IPv6 
Network) the neighboring device giving the details about the 
platform, IP Address, MAC address etc. and should be able to 
detect duplicate IP address. 

    

3.2 
The switch hardware should be able to run both IPv4 & IPv6 
simultaneously. 

    

3.3 
The switch should support Link Aggregation Control Protocol 
(LACP).  

    

3.4 
The switch should support Multicast Listener Discovery (MLD 
v1/2) snooping. 

  

3.5 
The switch should support Voice VLAN, IP based VLAN and 
MAC based VLAN. 

    

3.6 
The switch should support Remote Switched Port Analyzer 
(RSPAN) or equivalent. 

    

3.7 
The switch should support Bridge protocol data unit (BPDU) 
Guard or equivalent.  

    

3.8 The switch should support DHCP client, snooping and relay.   

3.9 
The switch should support Internet Group Management Protocol 
(IGMP). 

  

3.10 
The switch should support Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), Rapid 
Spanning Tree Protocol (RSTP) and Multiple Spanning Tree 
Protocol (MSTP). 

    

4 Network Security Features 

4.1 The switch should support port security.     

4.2 The switch should support DHCP snooping     

4.3 
The switch should support dynamic Address Resolution Protocol 
(ARP) Inspection. 

  

4.4 
The switch should support RADIUS, TACACS/TACAS+ and 
username/password for authentication, authorization and 
accounting. 

    



4.5 
The switch should support Broadcast, Multicast and Unicast 
Network Storm control. 

  

4.6 
The switch should support port access authentication according 
to 802.1x. 

  

4.7 
The switch should support secure communications to the 
management interface and system through SSL, Secure Shell 
(SSHv2), Secure Copy and SNMPv3 

  

4.8 The switch should support BPDU guard.   

5 Quality of Service 

5.1 The switch should support Rate Limiting.      

5.2 The switch should be capable of deploying QoS policies.     

5.3 
The switch should support Class of Service (CoS) based on; Port, 
802.1p, destination MAC and IP and IP DSCP. 

  

5.4 
The switch should support Strict priority and weighted round-
robin (WRR) scheduling. 

  

6 Manageability 

6.1 

The switch should support secure management via IPv4 or IPv6 
through features such as Secure Shell (SSHv1/2), Secure 
Sockets Layer (SSL), and Simple Network Management Protocol 
(SNMPv1, 2, 3). 

    

6.2 
The switch should support manageability using Network 
Management Software with Web based Graphical User Interface 
(GUI). 

  

6.3 
The switch should support integrated standard based Command 
Line Interface (CLI)/Telnet/SCP/TFTP/HTTP access for switch 
management/upgrade/monitoring. 

  

6.4 
The switch should support Remote Switch Port Analyzer 
(RSPAN). 

  

6.5 The switch should support Remote Monitoring (RMON).   

6.6 
The switch should support other management features like: Ping, 
Port mirroring, DHCP client, Simple Network Time Protocol 
(SNTP), cable diagnostics and syslog. 

  

7 Standards and Compliance 

7.1 

The switch should be compliant with  
IEEE compliance: IEEE 802.1AB (LLDP), IEEE 802.1D (STP), 
IEEE 802.1s (MSTP), IEEE 802.1w (RSTP), IEEE 802.1p (L2 
Prioritization, QoS), IEEE 802.1Q (VLAN Tagging), IEEE 802.1X 
(Network Access Control), IEEE 802.3 10BASE-T Ethernet, IEEE 
802.3u 100BASE-T Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ab 1000BASE-T  
Ethernet, IEEE 802.3z Gigabit Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ae 10 Gigabit 
Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ad Link Aggregation Control Protocol 
(LACP). 

    

7.2 
Certification: UL (UL 60950), CSA (CSA 22.2), CE mark, FCC 
Part 15 (CFR 47) Class A. 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Table-3: Network Layer 2 Access Switch 48 ports 
Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 
Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specification 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 Architecture 

1.1 
The switch should have 48 100/1000 Base-TX, auto-negotiating 
and auto sensing ports. 

    

1.2 
The switch should have at least 2 nos. of Small Form-Factor, 
pluggable, 10G SFP+ uplink ports in addition to the above ports. 

    

1.3 
The switch should have at least one RJ-45/USB 2.0 port for OS 
management (uploading, downloading and configuration). 

    

1.4 
The switch should be rack mountable and should not take space 
more than 1 Rack Unit (RU). 

    

1.5 
The switch architecture should be stackable with at least 4 
switches in a single stack, using additional stacking port. 

    

2 Performance 

2.1 The switch should have at least 256 MB Flash and 512 MB RAM.     

2.2 The switch should support Jumbo Frames of at least 9 Kbytes.     

2.3 
The switch should support at least 176 Gbps of switching 
bandwidth. 

    

2.4 The switch should have at least 130 Mpps of forwarding rate.     

2.5 The switch should support at least 256 Active VLAN.     

2.6 The switch should support at least 16K MAC Addresses.     

3 Layer 2 Features 

3.1 

The switch should be able to discover (on both IPv4 & IPv6 
Network) the neighboring device giving the details about the 
platform, IP Address, MAC address etc. and should be able to 
detect duplicate IP address. 

    

3.2 
The switch hardware should be able to run both IPv4 & IPv6 
simultaneously. 

    

3.3 
The switch should support Link Aggregation Control Protocol 
(LACP).  

    

3.4 
The switch should support Multicast Listener Discovery (MLD 
v1/2) snooping. 

  

3.5 
The switch should support Voice VLAN, IP based VLAN and 
MAC based VLAN. 

    

3.6 
The switch should support Remote Switched Port Analyzer 
(RSPAN) or equivalent. 

    

3.7 
The switch should support Bridge protocol data unit (BPDU) 
Guard or equivalent.  

    

3.8 The switch should support DHCP client, snooping and relay.   

3.9 
The switch should support Internet Group Management Protocol 
(IGMP). 

  

3.10 
The switch should support Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), Rapid 
Spanning Tree Protocol (RSTP) and Multiple Spanning Tree 
Protocol (MSTP). 

    

4 Network Security Features 

4.1 The switch should support port security.     

4.2 The switch should support DHCP snooping     

4.3 
The switch should support dynamic Address Resolution Protocol 
(ARP) Inspection. 

  

4.4 
The switch should support RADIUS, TACACS/TACAS+ and 
username/password for authentication, authorization and 
accounting. 

    



4.5 
The switch should support Broadcast, Multicast and Unicast 
Network Storm control. 

  

4.6 
The switch should support port access authentication according 
to 802.1x. 

  

4.7 
The switch should support secure communications to the 
management interface and system through SSL, Secure Shell 
(SSHv2), Secure Copy and SNMPv3 

  

4.8 The switch should support BPDU guard.   

5 Quality of Service 

5.1 The switch should support Rate Limiting.      

5.2 The switch should be capable of deploying QoS policies.     

5.3 
The switch should support Class of Service (CoS) based on; Port, 
802.1p, destination MAC and IP and IP DSCP. 

  

5.4 
The switch should support Strict priority and weighted round-
robin (WRR) scheduling. 

  

6 Manageability 

6.1 

The switch should support secure management via IPv4 or IPv6 
through features such as Secure Shell (SSHv1/2), Secure 
Sockets Layer (SSL), and Simple Network Management Protocol 
(SNMPv1, 2, 3). 

    

6.2 
The switch should support manageability using Network 
Management Software with Web based Graphical User Interface 
(GUI). 

  

6.3 
The switch should support integrated standard based Command 
Line Interface (CLI)/Telnet/SCP/TFTP/HTTP access for switch 
management/upgrade/monitoring. 

  

6.4 
The switch should support Remote Switch Port Analyzer 
(RSPAN). 

  

6.5 The switch should support Remote Monitoring (RMON).   

6.6 
The switch should support other management features like: Ping, 
Port mirroring, DHCP client, Simple Network Time Protocol 
(SNTP), cable diagnostics and syslog. 

  

7 Standards and Compliance 

7.1 

The switch should be compliant with  
IEEE compliance: IEEE 802.1AB (LLDP), IEEE 802.1D (STP), 
IEEE 802.1s (MSTP), IEEE 802.1w (RSTP), IEEE 802.1p (L2 
Prioritization, QoS), IEEE 802.1Q (VLAN Tagging), IEEE 802.1X 
(Network Access Control), IEEE 802.3 10BASE-T Ethernet, IEEE 
802.3u 100BASE-T Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ab 1000BASE-T  
Ethernet, IEEE 802.3z Gigabit Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ae 10 Gigabit 
Ethernet, IEEE 802.3ad Link Aggregation Control Protocol 
(LACP). 

    

7.2 
Certification: UL (UL 60950), CSA (CSA 22.2), CE mark, FCC 
Part 15 (CFR 47) Class A. 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Table-4: 10G BASE SFP+ LR Module 
Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 

Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specification 
Compliance  

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 Should be 10G base SFP+ LR 1310nm SMF module.     

2 
Should support 10GBASE Ethernet in accordance with IEEE 
802.3ae. 

    

3 
Should be fully compatible with the quoted core and access 
switches with no inter-operability issue. 

    

4 
Should be suitable for connection using quoted LC type patch 
cord. 

  

5 
Should be hot-swappable, no need to power down the switch 
while installing/replacing. 

    

6 
The module should support transmission on link length of at least 
500 meter on standard single-mode fibre. 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Table-5: Network Passive UTP Cabling Components 
(Quantity decided by bidder as per the distance and other inputs provided) 
Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 
Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specifications 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 

All specifications for components & cabling should be tested at 
least up to 600Mhz, UL/ETL listed and verified, UL/ETL marking 
should be embossed and/or printed on the passive items & their 
packing. 

    

2 Item: Shielded Foiled Twisted Pair (S/FTP) Cable at least CAT6A 

2.1 
Should be S/FTP, 4 pair 23 AWG solid bare copper, with foil 
shielding of pair and overall braided screen and LSZH jacket. 

    

2.2 Should support network line speeds up to 10 Gbps.     

2.3 Outer jacket color: Should be gray     

2.4 

Should Compliant with standards: IEC 61156-5, EN50288-6-1, 
ANSI/TIA568C.2, ISO/IEC 11801-1 Ed 1.0, ETL verified to 
TIA/EIA-568-B.2-10 Category 6A standards for physical & 
electrical specifications. 

    

2.5 
Should be certified by independent test lab for 10G (Gigabit) 
Ethernet Performance up to 100 meters. 

    

3 Item: 24 port Shielded Patch Panel - at least CAT6A 

3.1 
Should be 19", 1U height patch panel for 24 x RJ45 connection, 
metallic, high strength, shielded, modular Patch Panel with 
shutter on each port. 

    

3.2 Should have operating life at least for 20 reterminations.   

3.3 Should have contact material of copper alloy or equivalent.   

3.4 
Should have provision for color coding on the patch panel side for 
identification. 

    

3.5 Should have Zigzag type IO placement for better alien cross talk.     

3.6 

Should be Compliant with standards: Should confirm or exceed 
the EIA/TIA 568 C.2 (CAT6A) Class EA standards. 
Transmission  channels  of  Class  EA with  up  to  4 plugged 
connections according to ISO/IEC 11801 ed. 2.2, EN  50173-1  
May  2011  (DIN  EN50173-1) and Class F on 2 pairs, as well the 
U.S. standard Cat. 6A according to TIA 568-C.2. 

    

4 Item: Wire Manager/Patch Chord Minder panel 

4.1 
19“, 1U height rack mountable, Metallic / high strength or 
equivalent jumper rings for routing cable assemblies. 

    

5 
Item: Shielded Information Outlets with surface mount box and face plates - at least 
CAT6A 

5.1 
Should have RJ-45 connection module for shielded CAT6A cable 
in surface mount box with ABS British style face plate having 
shutter for dust protection in Single or Dual port configuration. 

    

5.2 
RJ45 data jack should offer superior alien crosstalk suppression, 
excellent insertion loss, and provides enhanced electromagnetic 
interference (EMI) protection. 

  

5.3 
Cat 6A Shielded Jack should be designed for high-speed 10GB 
data transmission. 

  

5.4 
Should be Non PCB type, multiple time reusable and 
independent termination without any tool.  

    

5.5 Should have facility to have visual inspection of Contact area.     

5.6 
Should have gold/Zinc alloy plated contacts for at least 700 
insertion cycles. 

    

5.7 The face plate should be supplied with screw hole covers.   



5.8 

Should compliant with standards: IEEE 802.3 section 4, for 
10GBASE-T applications up to 100 m. 
For the setting up of transmission channels of Class EA with up 
to 4 plugged connections in accordance with ISO/IEC 11801 ed. 
2.2, June 2011, TIA 568-C.2, UL/ETL listed and verified. 

 
  

6 Item: Shielded Patch Cord 1meter / 2 meter / 3 meter - at least CAT6A 

6.1 
Should be S/FTP, flexible, LSFRZH cable with 4 x 2 x AWG 26/7 
inner conductor. 

    

6.2 
Should have RJ-45 connector with matching color molded boot at 
both the ends. 

    

6.3 All patch cords shall be factory crimped and packed.     

6.4 Should support network line speeds up to 10 Gbps.     

6.5 
Should support applications such as ISDN, POE, token ring & 
VOIP. 

    

6.6 Preferred Color: BlueBlack     

6.7 

Should Compliant with standards: Cable should be low-smoke in 
acc. with IEC 61034 and halogen-free in acc. with IEC 60754-1. 
Halogen-free and heavy-metal free in acc. with EU directives 
RoHS 2. 
RJ45 connector compliant with Cat 6A ISO component standard: 
IEC 60603-7-41 RJ45 category 6A. Strain-relief function in acc. 
with TIA 568-C. 
For the setting up of transmission channels of Class EA with up 
to 4 plugged connections acc. to ISO/IEC 11801 ed. 2.2, June 
2011, Complies with Category 6A ISO requirements of the 
standards ISO/IEC 11801 ed. 2.2, June 2011, EN 50173-1 May 
2011, as well as TIA 568-C.2. 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Table-6: Network Passive Optical Fiber Cabling Components 
(Quantity decided by bidder as per the distance and other inputs provided) 

Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 
Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specifications 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 Item: Single Mode Fibre Optic armored cable 12 and 24 core 

1.1 
Should be 9.2/125 micron graded index, Single mode OS2 non-
metallic, anti-rodent, armored cable. 

    

1.2 Should be suitable for indoor as well as outdoor applications.     

1.3 
Should be protected inside jelly filled loose tubes, armoring with 
acrylic coated good quality steel tape, with FRP strength 
member, water proof tape and double layer of HDPE jacket. 

    

1.4 
Should be able to meet Gigabit & 10G Ethernet performance 
requirement  up to 1000 m specified by IEEE 802.3z (1000 Base-
X) & IEEE 802.3ae (10G Base-X) 

    

1.5 

Should confirm or exceed the ISO/IEC 11801:2002; IEC 60794-1-
2 E1; IEC 60794-1-2 E3; IEC 60794-1-2 F1; IEC60794-1 and ITU 
Recommendation G.652.D standard standards for Fibre and 
cable performance specifications. Should be certified third party 
labs for IEC 60332-3 for flame retardant, IEC 61034-2 for low 
smoke & IEC 60754-2 for toxicity & acidity. 

    

2 Item: LC style fully loaded light interface unit (LIU) for terminating 9.2/125μ SM fibre 

2.1 
Should be 19”, 1U/2U height rack mountable metallic distribution 
enclosure with removable back cover. 

    

2.2 
The metallic box and front panel material should be powder-
coated stainless steel. 

    

2.3 
Should have all necessary accessories for fiber management 
inside such as Fiber guides, radius controls & secure tie downs 
within the LIU. 

    

2.4 Should have fusion splicing tray for termination of fibre.   

2.5 
Shall be slide-out type drawer enclosure for Easy access to 
splicing tray, Easy access to back side of the connector and have 
labels for better identification. 

  

2.6 
Should be loaded with duplex LC couplers (OS2) and adaptor 
plates with all clamps, harnessing rings, ties etc. for termination 
of 12/24 and 48 fibres 9.2/125 micron SM. 

    

2.7 
Should be loaded with 12/24/48 nos. of ISO/IEC-11801-OS2 
Pigtails with LC Type Connectors in accordance with IEC 61754-
20 with plastic dust cover. 

  

2.8 
The LC adapter/couplers should be in accordance with IEC 
61754-20 and should have option for physical lock protection. 

    

3 Item: Optical Patch Cord 3 meter and 30 meter 

3.1 Should be single mode 9.2/125 µm OS2 with LSZH jacket.       

3.2 
Should confirm to EIA/TIA-568C.3 and ISO/IEC-11801 and 
should be RoHS compliant. 

  

3.3 
Patch cord should be factory mounted on both sides with ceramic 
LC-Duplex connectors in accordance with IEC 61754-4. 

    

3.4 Should support network line speed up to 10Gbps.     

3.5 
Connectors should tune in accordance with IEC 61755-3-1 and 
qualified in accordance with IEC 61753-1 for category U 
(uncontrolled environment). 

    

3.6 
Should have duplex clip, 1 x blue and 1 x red strain relief with 
plastic dust cover. 

    

 



Table-7: Floor Standing Network Rack – 32U 

Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 

Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specification 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 Size 

1.1 
Should be 19” having usable height of 32U and overall height 
with castors should not exceed 1800mm. 

    

1.2 Should have maximum overall depth of 1000mm.     

1.3 Should have minimum 500 Kg load bearing capacity.     

2 Material 

2.1 Should have rigid frame structure.     

2.2 Should have glass front door.     

2.3 Should have single or dual rear perforated doors.     

2.4 
Should have removable side panels with slam latches & indents 
for easy access. 

    

2.5 
Should have ventilated top and bottom covers with cable entry 
provision. The top cover should have provision for fan tray 
mounting. 

    

2.6 
All the frames, front/rear door and side panels should be made 
up of CRCA steel with 80-100 microns powder coating. 

    

3 Power Management 

3.1 

Should have at least one CE approved 1U power distribution unit 
made of high flame retardant & insulating material, having at 
least 10 numbers of 5/15 Amp AC power distribution universal 
sockets, spike suppressor, indicator and MCB with 2 meter cable 
having 3 pin plug termination. 

    

4 Accessories 

4.1 
Should have fully accessible 19” mounting angles at front and 
rear with “U” marking for easy location of equipment in the 
designated slots. 

    

4.2 Should have at least 4 nos. of 1U, 19” horizontal cable manager.     

4.3 
Should have fan tray with 4 nos. of 230 VAC, low noise, good 
quality, ball bearing type, 90 CFM fans. 

    

5 Others 

5.1 
Should have floor placement using 2 nos. of castors with foot 
brakes and 2 nos. of castors without brake and levelling legs. 

    

5.2 Should have earth continuity kit.     

5.3 Should have wall mounting hardware.     

5.4 
Should have at least 5 nos. of equipment mounting hardware 
packet with at least 20 items each. 

    

6 Standards 

6.1 
Should be compliant with the standards DIN 41494, IEC 297, 
environment friendly according to RoHS and ISO 9001-2000, ISO 
14001 -2004. 

    

 

 

 

 

 



Table-8: Standing/Wall mount Network Rack – 9U 
Make, OEM Model/ OEM Part No.: 

Sr. 
No. 

IPR Specification 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
Remarks 

1 Size 

1.1 Should be 19” having usable height of 9U.     

1.2 Should have maximum overall depth of 500mm.     

1.3 Should have minimum 50 Kg load bearing capacity.     

2 Material 

2.1 Should have rigid frame construction.     

2.2 Should have glass front door.     

2.5 
Should have ventilated top and bottom covers with cable entry 
provision. The top cover should have provision for at least two 
fans tray mounting. 

    

2.6 
All the frames, front/rear door and side panels should be made 
up of CRCA steel with 80-100 microns powder coating. 

    

3 Power Management 

3.1 

Should have at least one CE approved 1U power distribution unit 
made of high flame retardant & insulating material, having at 
least 6 numbers of 5 Amp AC power distribution universal 
sockets, spike suppressor, indicator and MCB with 1.5 meter 
cable having 3 pin plug termination. 

    

4 Accessories 

4.1 
Should have fully accessible 19” mounting angles at front and 
rear with “U” marking for easy location of equipment in the 
designated slots. 

    

4.2 Should have at least 1 no. of 1U, 19” horizontal cable manager.     

4.3 
Should have fan tray with 2 nos. of 230 VAC, low noise, good 
quality, ball bearing type, 90 CFM fans. 

    

5 Others 

5.1 
Should have provision to stand on the floor as well as for wall 
mounting. 

    

5.2 Should have earth continuity kit.     

5.3 Should have wall mounting hardware.     

5.4 
Should have at least 2 nos. of equipment mounting 
screws/hardware packet. 

    

6 Standards 

6.1 
Should be compliant with the standards DIN 41494, IEC 297, 
environment friendly according to RoHS and ISO 9001-2000, ISO 
14001 -2004. 

    

 

 

 

 

 



Annexure-III 
 

Manufacturer’s Authorization Form 
 

Ref:  

Date:  

 

To,  

The Purchase Officer  

Institute for Plasma Research 

Near Indira Bridge, Bhat 

Gandhinagar, Gujarat-382428  

 

Sub: Manufacturer Authorization for Tender No. ………………………………….  

 

Sir,  

 

We, < OEM > having our registered office at < OEM address>, are an established 

manufacturer of < name of quoted item >. We < OEM> solely authorized <bidder’s name> 

to quote our product for above mentioned tender.  

 

Our full support is extended in all respects for supply, warranty and maintenance of our 

products. We also ensure to provide the warranty and service support for the supplied 

equipment’s for a period of 5 years for Active Components and 20 years for passive 

components from the date of installation of the equipment’s as per tender terms. In case of 

any difficulties in logging complaint at bidder end, user will have option to log complaint at 

our call support center.  

 

We also undertake that in case of default in execution of this tender by the <Bidder Name>, 

the <OEM/Company Name> will take all liabilities and responsibilities and necessary steps 

for successful execution against this tender.  

 

We also undertake that to meet the timelines defined in the Tender, we will ensure that the 

Systems are made available to <bidder> in time. If any product is declared end of life, we 

will ensure that a suitable equivalent or higher roll over product is offered through <bidder> 

to IPR for due approval and Order executions thereafter.  

 

Thanking You  

 

For <OEM>  

<(Authorized Signatory)>  

Name:  

Designation:  

 

Note: This letter of authority should be on the letterhead of the manufacturer and should be 

signed by a person competent and having the power of attorney to legally bind the 

manufacturer. The Bidder in its bid should include it. 



(This need to be printed in Tenderer’s letter head) 

 

 

To 
The Purchase Officer 
Institute for Plasma Research 

Near Indira Bridge 
Bhat 
Gandhinagar-382428 (INDIA) 

 
Ref: Tender Notice No.IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/41 dated 8-12-2018 

 
Dear Sir, 
 

I/We have gone through the tendering conditions pertaining to the Two Part 
Tender and General Conditions of Contracts and Special Conditions of 

Contracts contained in Section “B” of Form No: IPR-LP-ET-03.V2. I/We 
hereby agree to supply the stores conforming to the tender specifications 
and also agree to abide by your General Conditions of all Contracts and 

Special Conditions of Contract contained in Section “B” of the Tender 
document. 
 

 You will be at liberty to accept any one or more of the items of stores 
offered by us and I/We shall be bound to supply you the stores as 

may be specified in the Purchase Order/Contract. 
 

 I/We hereby agree to keep the price valid for your acceptance for a 
period of 120 days from the date of opening of the tender. 

 

 Deviations to technical specifications of the tender documents are 

detailed in Annexure-A of the tender form while deviations proposed to 
the General/Special Conditions of Contract are detailed in Annexure 
“B” to this tender. 

 

 I/We are also uploaded all the leaflets/catalogue, etc. pertaining to 

the stores offered. 
 

 
 

Yours faithfully 

Stamp and Signature of the Tenderer 



ITEM 

DESCRIPTION

Sl. No. PARTICULARS REMARKS

I Name of the Supplier

II IPR Enquity NO & Date IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/41 DATED 8-12-2018

III Vendor Offer No & Date

IV Postal address

V Contact with STD code

VI Fax with STD code

VII Name of Contact person

VIII Mobile No.

IX e-mail ID

X Currency of offer/quotation

SCANNED COPY OF THE BELOW MENTIONED DOCUMENTS NEED TO 

UPLOAD AT www.tenderwizard.com/DAE AT THE TIME OF 

PARTICIPATION OF TENDER WITHIN THE PERIOD OF SUBMISSION.

"YES" OR "NO"

1 Certificates:  

i) Registration Certificate if Any, with DGS&D/NSIC/MSME

ii) PAN (Permanent Account Number) Registration

iii) Certificates of Registration for Sales Tax/ VAT/ WCT or Service Tax

iv) Authorization certificate/ Agency Agreement from Manufacturer (if not 

manufacturer)

Commericial Terms for Quoted items (Please Provide Commercial terms 

and conditions in the below form)

2 Price Shall be firm and fixed through out the currency of contract, in the event of 

placement of purchase order. 

3 Please select the CURRENCY OF OFFER / QUOTATION first

4 Have you offered Packing and forwarding charges in the price bid (if 

applicable)?

5 Goods and Services Tax: Have you specified HSN / SAC Code for Goods and 

Services Tax in Price Bid?

6 Have you offered Freight charges in the price bid?

7 Have you offered Insurance charges in the price bid?

8 Delivery period (as per Clause No.E of Section-C of Form  No. 

IPR_LP_ET_ 03.V2  (Terms and Conditions) attached with the 

tender/enquiry). (Also refer document named 

"Deferred_terms_IPR_LP_ET_03.V2" for Delivery/Execution schedule)

9 Have you offered Installation and commissioning charges?

10 Liquidated Damages:- as per Sr. No.22 of Section B  of Form No IPR-LP-ET-

03.V2 ( Terms and Conditions) attached with the tender/enquiry

11 Terms of Payment:-  as per Sr. No.35 of  Form No.  IPR_LP_ET_ 03.V2 (Terms 

and Conditions) attached with the tender/enquiry. (Also refer document named 

"Deferred_terms_IPR_LP_ET_03.V2" for amended payment terms)

12 Guaranty / Warranty:-as per Sr. No. 34.2 (Section-B) of  Form No. IPR_LP_ET_ 

03.V2   (Terms and Conditions) attached with the tender/enquiry.  (Also refer 

document named "Deferred_terms_IPR_LP_ET_03.V2" for amended 

Guarantee/warranty terms)

13 Validity of offer/quotation:- 120 days from the date of opening of tender

QUESTIONNAIRE TO BE FILLED BY BIDDER IN AND SENT ALONG WITH 

OFFER DULY SIGNED

14 In the event of a purchase order/contract vendor has to provide Security Deposit 

in the form of Bank Guarantee for  10% of contract/ order value from 

SBI/nationalized banks or any one of the scheduled banks mentioned in the 

bracket (Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank) valid till final 

acceptance of the supplied goods at IPR, wherever applicable shall be 

submitted .

15 In the event of a purchase order/contract Performance Bank Gurantee for 10% 

of the contract/order value from SBI/nationalized banks or any one of the 

scheduled banks mentioned in the bracket (Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank 

and IDBI Bank) valid throughout the guarantee period, wherever applicable shall 

be submitted.

Institute for Plasma Research

(An Autonomous Institute of Dept. of Atomic Energy)

Bhat, Gandhinagar

TERMS & CONDITIONS

Supply, installation, commissioning and testing of integrated fiber optic based SST-1 Local Area Network (LAN) System 

as per the specification mentioned in the tender document

PDF processed with CutePDF evaluation edition www.CutePDF.com

http://www.cutepdf.com


16 I/We hereby offer to supply the stores detailed in the schedule hereto at the 

price given in the said schedule and agree to hold this offer open till expiry of 

quotation. I/We  shall  be  bound  to  supply  the  stores  hereby  offered  upon  

issue  of purchase order communicating the acceptance thereof on or before 

the expiry of the last mentioned date. You will be at liberty to accept any one or 

more of the items of stores tendered for or portion of any or more of the items of 

such stores and I/We notwithstanding that the  offer in the tender has not been 

accepted in whole shall be bound to supply to you-  such item or items and such 

portion or portions of one or more of the items as may be specified in the said 

Purchase Order communicating the acceptance.

17 I/we have understood the General Conditions of all Contracts and special 

conditions of contract governing supplies of plant and machinery in the Form 

No.IPR_LP_ET_ 03.V2,  included in the General Conditions of all Contracts and 

special conditions of contract governing of plant and machinery applicable to 

contracts placed by the Institute for Plasma Research and the instructions to 

Tenderer annexed to the invitation to tender Form and have thoroughly 

examined the specification / drawing and / or pattern  quoted or referred to in 

the Schedule hereto and am/are fully aware of the nature of the stores required 

any my/our offer is to supply stores strictly in accordance with subject tender to 

the terms and conditions stipulated in your above Form No. IPR_LP_ET_ 03.V2 

and   also   contained   in   the   Purchase   Order   Communicating acceptance 

of this Tender.

18 Whether All Documents Related to tender Viewed?

19 Vendor should upload the complete technical details (Tehnical specifications 

with product data sheet

20 In case of two part tender whether unpriced quotation has been uploaded 

(Failing which offer will not be considered for technical evaluation)

21 Free Issue Material: Successful tenderer will have to arrange insurance 

showing beneficiary as “Institute for Plasma Research” at their risk and cost 

towards adequate security for the materials/property provided/issued by the

Purchaser as Free Issue Material for the due execution of the contract, 

wherever applicable. 



ITEM 

DESC

RIPTI

ON
 

Sl. No. PARTICULARS

I Name of the Vendor

II IPR Enquity NO & Date

III Vendor Offer No & Date

Sr. 

No.
Criteria Documents required to upload

Status of Documents 

(Uploaded/ Not-

Uploaded in e-Tender 

Portal)

1 The bidder must be an OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer)

or an authorized system/network (Active and Passive both)

integrator of the OEM, who must have supplied and successfully

installed similar kind of system/network.

In case the bidder is an OEM then provide 

company profile for OEM products. In case the 

bidder is a System/network integrator, the 

bidder must attach the valid Manufacturer 

Authorization Form showing warranty 

endorsement by OEM for all the products 

being quoted

2 The bidder should be a single legal entity/ individual

organization. Consortium is not allowed.

Undertaking signed by authorized signatory in

this regard should be submitted as proof.

3 The bidder must be in business of system integration of

networking system (Active and Passive both) at least for 5 years

and must have executed at least 5 orders of system/network

(Active and Passive both) integration as on the date of

publication of this tender 

Copies of five Purchase orders (Unpriced)

with technical specification and at least two

successful completion certificates of the job as

system/network integrator carried out on or

before 06/12/2018 should be submitted as

proof.

4 The bidder must have executed at least single order value of 

minimum Rs. 30 lacs and above of system/network (Active and 

Passive both) integration for any State/Central 

Government/Department /Organization/PSUs/Institutes, 

Government funded, in the last 5 years from the date of 

publication of this tender.

Copy of Purchase order (Priced) and

successful completion certificate of a job as

system/network integrator carried out during

06/12/2013 to 06/12/2018

Note: 
The response to tender without submission of proof of 

above points will summarily be rejected without 

further communication
The bidder shall not be under a declaration of 

ineligibility for corrupt or fradulent practices or 

blacklisted with any of the Government agencies

Original documents shall be produced for 

verifications, if required.

REMARKS

IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/41 DATED 8-12-2018

Institute for Plasma Research

(An Autonomous Institute of Dept. of Atomic Energy)

Bhat, Gandhinagar

Eligibility Criteria (Annexure-A)

Supply, installation, commissioning and testing of integrated fiber optic based SST-1 Local Area Network (LAN) System as per 

the specification mentioned in the tender document



From

HSN Code

(*1)

Basic Unit 

Rate

Discount               

(in amount)

Basic Unit rate 

after discount

( in %) 

Only

Amount ( in %) 

Only

Amount ( in %) 

Only

Amount

1 Supply of 24 port Layer 3 Managed Core Switch 

(24x 10GBASE SFP+) with cables

2 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

2 Supply of 24 port Layer 2 Managed Access

Switch (24x 100/1000 Base-T with at least 2

SFP+ uplinks) with cables

10 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

3 Supply of 48 port Layer 2 Managed Access

Switch (48x 100/1000 Base-T with at least 2

SFP+ uplinks) with cables

2 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

4 Supply of Single mode SFP+ Fiber Module (10G

LC LR).

56 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

5 Supply of 12 core Single-mode Outdoor

Armored 9/125μ OS2 OFC Cable.    

900 Mtrs 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

6 Supply of 12 core Single-mode Outdoor

Armored 9/125μ OS2 OFC Cable.    

1000 Mtrs 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

7
Supply of 12 Port Fiber Optic LC style fully

loaded LIU with duplex LC couplers (OS2) with

all clamps, harnessing rings, ties, Pigtails with

LC Type Connector at one end and all

necessary accessories for rack mounting.

8 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

8
Supply of 24 Port Fiber Optic LC style fully

loaded LIU with duplex LC couplers (OS2) with

all clamps, harnessing rings, ties, Pigtails with

LC Type Connector at one end and all

necessary accessories for rack mounting.

14 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

9
Supply of Single-mode (9/125μ), LC-LC Duplex,

LSZH Fiber Optic Patch Cable - 3 Meter.

44 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

10
Supply of Single-mode (9/125μ), LC-LC Duplex,

LSZH Fiber Optic Patch Cable - 30 Meter.

2 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

11 Supply of CAT-6A S/FTP Cable. 2500 Mtrs 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

12 Supply of CAT 6A Shielded Non PCB type

Reusable Information outlets.

400 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

13 Supply of Dual port CAT 6A British/American

style Face plate with Back Box and wall

mounting accessories

100 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

Freight Charges Per Unit

(In percentage)

Insurance per unit

(In percentage) 

Remarks

Sl.No Item Description Tendered

Quantity

Unit of 

Measur

ement 

(UOM)

Rate in INR Packing and Forwarding 

Charges Per Unit

(In percentage)

IPR Enquiry NO & Date : IPR/TN/PUR/ET/18-19/41 DATED 8-12-2018

NAME OF THE CONTRACTOR :

Offer no & date:

Institute for Plasma Research

(An Aided Institute under Dept. of Atomic Energy)

Bhat, Gandhinagar

PRICE SCHEDULE (SECTION-D)



14 Supply of 1U 24 port CAT 6A FTP Jack Panel

(Rack Mount) with all necessary mounting

accessories.

14 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

15 Supply of Dual Ended Mounting FTP Cat6A

patch Cord - 1 meter.

180 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

16 Supply of Dual Ended Mounting FTP Cat6A

patch Cord - 2 meter.

180 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

17 Supply of 9U wall mount Network Rack with

necessary accessories.

9 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

18 Supply of 32U Floor mounting Network Rack

with necessary accessories.

1 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

19
Supply of 40mm HDPE Pipe with bands, tee,

couplers, clamps, screws, cable ties and all

necessary accessories required for laying it on

the walls or through cable trays. Color: Orange

1500 Mtrs

0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

20 Supply of ISI mark PVC duck type casing caping

75mmX50mm with coupler, elbow and all

mounting/laying accessories (Screws, Clapms

etc.).

400 Mtrs

0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

21 Supply of ISI mark PVC duck type casing caping

25mmX16mm with coupler, elbow and all

mounting/laying accessories (Screws, Clapms

etc.).

400 Mtrs

0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

22 Supply of 25mm PVC Flexible Pipe. 100 Mtrs 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

23 Installation and configuration of 24x Layer 3

Core Switch.
2

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

24 Installation and configuration of 24x Layer 2

Core Switch.
10

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

25 Installation and configuration of 48x Layer 2

Core Switch.
2

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

26 Laying of 12/24 core Single-mode Outdoor

Armored 9/125μ OS2 OFC Cable in Cable Tray/

HDPE Pipe.    

1900 Mtrs
0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

27 Installation of 12/24 Port Fiber LIU. 22 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

28 Splicing of OFC Pigtails and fiber, testing and

db Loss Measurement for Fiber Cores.
432

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

29 Installation, labelling & dressing of OFC Patch

Cords.
46

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

30 Installation and routing of CAT 6A S/FTP, 24

Port Jack Panel.
14

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

31 Laying of CAT-6A FTP Cable in cable

trays/casing-caping.
2500 Mtrs

0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

32 Installation of CAT 6A Information outlets. 400 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

33 Installation of CAT 6A dual port Face Plate and

Back Box.
100

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

34 Termination of Cat 6A S/FTP cable with

Labeling, Dressing and Ferruling (Both end).
200

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

35 Labeling & Dressing of Cat 6A S/FTP Patch

Cords.
200

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

36 Testing of CAT 6A Nodes. 200 Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

37 Installation of HDPE pipe on wall/through cable

trays. 
1500 Meter

0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

38 Installation of casing/caping on wall. 800 Mtrs 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

39 Installation of PVC flexible pipe. 100 Mtrs 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

40 Istallation and dressing of 9U wall mount

Network Rack.
9

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00



41 Istallation and dressing of 32U floor standing

Network Rack.
1

Nos 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

42
Site Certification and Documentation Charges. 1 Job

0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

43 Charges for Project Management viz project

engineering, logistics, coordination, inspection

and supervision, Q.A, for the execution period

till handing over period.

1 Job

0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

44 Other items (if any)

a Optional Item/ Accessories 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

b Optional Item/ Accessories 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

c Optional Item/ Accessories 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

d Optional Item/ Accessories 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

e Optional Item/ Accessories 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00

 

NOTE: The quantities mentioned above for the passive components , are tentative and may vary as per the proposed solution

in accordance with the tentative network connectivity diagram (Annexure -I of the tender document), however the payment for the 

passive components as well as the Implementation charges shall be made for the actual used quantities.

Place of delivery IPR Gandhinagar

IMPORTANT NOTES:

1) QUOTATIONS ARE INVITED IN INDIAN CURRENCY ONLY.

2) QUOTATIONS RECEIVED OTHER THAN “INR” QUOTE SHALL SUMMARILY BE REJECTED.

2) Prices in this bid format alone are acceptable 

3) GST (IGST, CGST, SGST or any form) should not be included in the basic cost (Unit Rate Column) for either goods or services

4) Evaluated total cost on the basis of bid prices will be calculated by Purchaser after bid opening

(*1) HSN/SAC Code: For indigenous goods/services, to be filled by the bidder

(a) If freight is not shown seperately it will be treated as "FREE DELIVERY" (applicable for INR Quote)

(b) Detailed specifications and scope of work are as per Attached Annexure

(c) If the rate cells are left blank, it will be treates as "0" (ZERO)

(e) Kindly enable the Macros if you receive the "Security Warning" message. (Click on options in "Security Warning" and select "Enable this content"

1) Custom Duty Exemption certificate will not be issued to any bidder under any circumstances.

NOTES:


