





















































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Tender Document 
 
 

 

For Purchase of 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Server with Storage and Virtualization Software 
 
 

 
At 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

IT Center 

Devi Ahilya University 
 

Takshashila Campus, Khandwa Road, Indore 
Ph. 0731-2761358, https://www.dauniv.ac.in  

(Tender No. DAVV/ITC/SERVER/2018-19/1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
1 



                                                                                                Ref. No: DAVV/ITC/SERVER/2018-19/1-1 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Notice Inviting Tender 
 

 

Online tenders are invited under two bid system (Technical and Financial) for purchase of 
Server with Storage and Virtualization Software at IT Center Devi Ahilya 
Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. The tender document may be downloaded on online payment of Rs. 
2000/- (Rs. Two Thousand only ) at https://www.mptenders.gov.in (main portal)  

The formats of Technical and financial bid, declaration, check list and terms & 
conditions are given in Annexure I, II, III, IV & V respectively and the same are 
available at https://www.mptenders.gov.in (main portal) and can be seen at DAVV web site 
https://www.dauniv.ac.in 
 

 

Sr No. Particulars Description 
   
1 Name Server with Storage and Virtualization Software 

   

2 Uploading/Publication of Tender 20
th

 Feburary 2019 by 0900 hrs. 
 Document  
   

3 Downloading of Tender 20
th

 Feburary 2019 by 0930 hrs 
 Document through website  

 https:www.mptenders.gov.in  
   

4 Last date of bid submission 6
th 

 March  2019 by 1600 hrs. 
   

5 Technical bid opening 07
th

  March  2019  by 1605 hrs. 
   

6 Financial Bid Opening Date will be notified on University website 
  https:// www.dauniv.ac.in 
   
7 Bid Security/Earnest Money INR Rs.1,60,000.00/- (Rs. One Lac Sixty Thousand 

 Deposit (EMD) Only) to be paid online through e-procurement 
  portal in favor of Registrar, Devi Ahilya 
  Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. Bidder is required to 
  upload the scanned copy of e-transaction details. 
   
8 Tender Fee INR Rs. 2000/- (Rupees Two Thousand only) 

  (nonrefundable) + GST to be paid online through 
  e-procurement portal in favor of Registrar, Devi 
  Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. Bidder is 
  required to upload the scanned copy of e- 
  transaction details. 
   

  2 



1. The on line Technical Bid will be opened by the committee constituted for this purpose in presence 

of the tenderers or authorized representatives interested to be present on prescribed date. The 

financial bids of technically qualified tenderers will only be opened after technical evaluation by the 

technical committee. The tenderers should bring ID proofs and representatives should bring the 

authorization letter from their authorized signatory for attending the process of tender opening. 

 
2. The online technical bid will be opened in Administrative office of the Registrar, Nalanda campus 

DAVV, RNT Marg Indore. Bidders are requested to submit in offline mode in sealed envelope (i) 

self attested copies of e-transaction details of tender fees and EMD (ii) signed copy of online 

technical bid alongwith supporting documents mentioned in Technical Bid. The sealed enveloped 

should be super scribed with name of Tender, reference no. and words written” kind attn. to Head IT 

Center” on top of the envelope addressed to Registrar, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Nalanda 

Campus, RNT Marg, Indore 452001. Sealed envelope should reach on or before last date of 

technical bid submission. Bidders are requested to ensure early submission of required documents to 

avoid delay in postal delivery. If any bid is found delayed in submission after due date such bid 
 

will be rejected by the University. 
 

NOTE: At any time till one day before the deadline for submission of Bids, DAVV may, for any 

reason, whether at own initiative or in response to a clarification requested by a prospective Bidder, 

modify the Bid Document by amendment. All the amendments made in the document would be 

informed through the DAVV Website.All such amendments shall be binding on all the Bidders. The 

Bidders are also advised to visit the aforementioned website on regular basis for checking necessary 

updates. DAVValso reserves the rights to amend the dates. 

 
 

 

Registrar, 
DAVV 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
3 



Ref: DAVV/ITC/SERVER/2018-19/1-1 
 

 

[covering Letter] 
 

To:  
The Registrar  
DAVV, Indore. 
 

 

Dear Sir, 
 

We, the undersigned, have examined the Tender Document, hereby offer to Server with 

Storage and virtualization software. We are hereby submitting our proposal, which includes this 

Pre-Qualification Information, Technical proposal and Commercial proposal. We have enclosed the 

Earnest Money Deposit in the form of Bank Draft, as mentioned in the tender document. 
 
All the rates quoted in our proposal are in accordance with the terms as specified in tender documents. 

All the prices and other terms and conditions of this proposal are valid for a period of 180 calendar 

days from the last date of submission of tenders. 
 
We do hereby confirm that our prices include all taxes including GST or other tax. We have studied 

the clauses relating to Indian Taxes and hereby declare that if any Tax, Surcharge on Tax and any 

other Corporate Tax altered under the law, we shall pay the same. 
 
We declare that our quoted product meets all technical specifications and other tender conditions. We 

further declare that the rates stated in our proposal are in accordance with your terms and conditions 

in the tender document. 
 
We understand that you are not bound to accept any/ all Proposal(s) you receive. 
 
 

 

Yours sincerely, 
 
 

 

Signature with seal 
 
 

 

Name and Designation of Authorized Signatory 
 
 

 

Date & Place 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

4 



Ref: DAVV/ITC/SERVER/2018-19/1-1 Annexure I 
 
 

Online Technical Bid A 
 
 
 

I. General Information 
 

Sno. Particulars Details 
   

1 Name and Address of the Tenderer  

   
2 Year of establishment  

   
3 Contacts  

   
 Office Telephones  
   
 Mobile No.  
   
 Fax Number  
   
 e-mail address  

   
4 Category of tenderer (whether company,  

 partnership firm or proprietary concern)  

   
5 Name  of  the Chief  Executive  and  

 Telephone No  

   
6 GST Registration Nos.  

   
7 Income Tax PAN / GIR No  

   
 

 

Signature with seal: 
 

Name and Designation of Authorized Signatory 
 

 

Date & Place: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

5 



II. Eligibility criteria for Pre-Qualification Information Sheet 
 

 

SNo. Particulars   Details 
      

1 Annual Turnover for the  Last 3  Assessment Years (also attach proof): 
      
    2015-16  

      
    2016-17  

      
    2017-18  

      
2 Details of  order(s) executed Also  attach  

 proof.     

   
3 ISO 9001 certificate (enclose proof)  

     
4 Amount to be paid.    

  
a. Tender form Fees Rs. 2000/- (nonrefundable)  

 to be paid online. Bidder is required to  
 upload the scanned copy of e-transaction  
 details     

b. EMD Amount Rs. 1,60,000/- (Rs. One Lac  
 Sixty Thousand only) to be paid online  
 through e-procurement portal in favor of  
 Registrar, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya,  
 Indore. Bidder is required to upload the  
 scanned copy of e-transaction details  

5 Other Certifications (if any) (enclose proof)  

      
 
 
 

 

III Technical Specifications of Equipment are as under: 
 
 

All hardware MUST be sourced from reputed brands, must be NEW and comply with  
Minimum technical specifications mentioned in online technical bid: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

6 



Online Technical Bid 
 

(To be quoted Online on prescribed proforma only) 
 

To, 
 

The Registrar,  
Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, 
Nalanda Campus, RNT Marg, Indore. 

 
 

Sub:- Quotation for server with storage and virtualization software at IT Centre Devi  
Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore.  

Sir, 

 

This has reference to your call for submitting quotation for purchase of Server with Storage 

and Virtualization Software at IT Center, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. I have read all the 

terms and the conditions as stipulated in the above. I have gone through all the terms and conditions 

mentioned in the tender document and already given my acceptance for it. I confirm that I fulfill the 

eligibility criteria as stipulated by you. 
 

Sno.  Item Bid Requirement by DAVV Details Quoted by Bidder 
 

      
 

(A)  Detailed Server Specification    
 

      
 

1  Architecture Server with storage and Server with storage and virtualization 
 

   virtualization software: Hyper software: Hyper Converged 
 

   Converged Infrastructure (HCI) Infrastructure (HCI) 
 

   - with 3 Nodes: Intel Xeon   
 

   

2.2GHz min. 10-cr Skylake or 
  

 

   No of Nodes      
latest (6Nos.), 128GB RAM per 

 
 

     
 

   

Processor (make and 
 

 

   
node, 12 TB per node (total 

 
 

   model)      
storage 36TB HDD)/ 960GB 

 
 

   
MgHz. 

 
 

   3.5" SSD per node (3         
   

Core 
 

 

   No.),/2*10G Ethernet Port per   
     

 

   node and Accessories bundled RAM per Node  
 

   

with virtualization software,3 Yr 
   

   Per Node HDD  
 

   

license and product support from 
  

 

   Per Node SDD      
OEM. 

 
 

     
 

   

No of 10Gbps Port 
 

 

      
 

       
 

     Bundled Virtualization  
 

     Software (name and  
 

     version)  
 

      
 

2  Virtualization The proposed solution should Virtualization software  
 

  software support one of the leading (Write Name of  
 

   Virtualization Software's, from – Software and version)  
 

   VMware, ESXi, Microsoft   
 

   Hyper-V, Acropolis Hypervisor   
 

   (AHV), Xen Server, open KVM.   
 

   HCI solution must support   
 

   industry Leading protocols NFS,   
 

   iSCSI & SMB.   
 

       
 

     7 
 



  The proposed HCI solution must Is it software defined?  
  be 100% software defined and (Yes/No)  
  should not leverage any     
  specialized hardware. It must   
  natively support container based   
  application like Docker and open   
  stack integration.        

     
  It should be possible to scale Does it support storage  
  storage and compute as and  expansion without  
  when needed without any  license and without any  
  downtime. HCI should support downtime required?  
  storage expansion without any (Yes/No)  
  virtualization license for storage   
  expansion and compute     
  expansion capacity as and when   
  needed          
     

  The proposed HCI solution must Does it support  
  have metadata distributed on all metadata and cluster  
  nodes in a cluster i.e. each node features? (Yes/No)  
  in   the   cluster   should   carry   
  information about data lying   
  across every node in the cluster   
  and       capacity   
  utilization/distribution across all   
  nodes has to be uniform at all   
  times          
  The proposed HCI  solution Does it able to create  
  should be able to create multiple multiple LUNs for  
  logical unit (LUN's) for storage storage with multiple  
  with multiple  policy for policies for  
  deduplication  and compression deduplication?  
  across storage logical unit.  (Yes/No)  
  The proposed HCI  solution Compliance (Yes/NO)  
  should  be  capable  to  leverage   
  SSD for not only caching but for   
  capacity optimized read IOPS   
  and  there  should  not  be  any   
  limitation  on SSD overall   
  caching on software defined   
  storage.          
  The proposed solution must have Does it support to  
  capability to support nodes with hybrid configurations  
  same/different CPU & Memory on cluster? (Yes/No)  
  configurations in the same   
  cluster,  The proposed solution   
  should  support  hybrid  and  all   
  flash nodes in same cluster for   
  future scalability        
  The proposed solution should be Is it capable to add  
  capable of adding additional additional server and  
  combined server and storage storage component  
  components  with  high with no downtime?  
  performance GPU capabilities, (Yes/No)  
  seamlessly, with no downtime,   
  to scale performance and   
  capacity on demand       

           8  



  The Proposed HCI solution Compliance (Yes/No)  
  should allow distributed caching   
  of a particular disk or VM data,   
  which  are  in  a  ‘multi-reader’   
  scenario. (e.g. deployment   
  servers, repositories, etc.) to   
  avoid  boot  storm  and  multi   
  network read operation across   
  multi nodes.        
  The proposed solution should Does it has options of  
  have options to create multiple creating multiple data  
  data stores for diversified stores on all storage  
  application    requirements on tier? (Yes/No)  
  deduplication/compression    
  across all storage tier (Hybrid /   
  All Flash)        
  Proposed HCI solution should Does it support to fault  
  support fault tolerance of at least tolerance of cluster?  
  two   nodes   failure   within   a (Yes/No)  
  cluster         

3 Hypervisor Required Hypervisor License  Is Hypervisor License  
 License should be perpetual and included perpetual? (Yes/No)  
  into the solution.       
     

4 Supported The proposed solution must have support to which  
 Hard Drives capability to support all industry industry drives?  
  drives available ( SSD &     
  SAS/SATA)        
        

5 Features The solution support for    Is it having  
  automated upgrades of storage  management GUI and  
  controllers through management automated upgradation  
  GUI with no downtime and  of storage features?  
  major impact on production  (Yes/No)  

      
  The proposed solution should  Is it having features of  
  take native storage level    taking native storage  
  snapshots with no impact to  level snapshots?  
  guest performance     (Yes/No)  

     
  The proposed solution should be Is it capable of creating  
  capable of creating instant   snapshots of Virtual  
  snapshots of virtual     machines & clones? (  
  machines(hypervisor agnostic) Yes/No)  
  and maintained multiple copies   
  of snapshots & clones      

       
  The platform should have   Compliance (Yes/No)  
  capability to leverage SSD for    
  IOPS hungry workload should    
  be running from SSD only     
            

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

9 



  The proposed HCI solution must Does  it provide  
  provide operations management operations  
  and provide performance,  management,  
  storage, CPU utilization per VM performance, storage,  
       CPU, utilization per  
       VM (Yes/No)  
     

6 Replication The solution should support data Does it support to data  
  replication with data   replication over WAN?  
  optimization over WAN   (Yes/No)  
     

  The proposed solution should be Does it support to  
  capable of supporting multi-site multisite replication?  
  (One to Many & Many to One) (Yes/No)  
  replication       
     

7 Network Layer The solution should be providing Does it provide layer-2  
  layer-2 VLAN for networking VLAN and integrated  
  and integrated VM IP's   VM IP's management?  
  Management capabilities   (Yes/No)  
      

8 Form Factor The platform should have  Does it support to  
  support for rack /chassis   rack/chassis awareness  
  awareness to support redundant for redundant data of  
  data should go to different  different nodes?  
  rack/chassis nodes    (Yes/No)  
     

9 Block & File The proposed HCI must support Compliance  
 Services connectivity (HCI Storage  (Yes/No)  
  extension) to 3rd party bare    
  metal servers (for optimized DB   
  licensing on physical servers) to   
  HCI storage cluster & use the   
  cluster capacity like a iSCSI,    
  NFS target.       

      
  The proposed HCI should    
  support native File Services over   
  NFS/CIFS/SMB and file     
  replication across clusters and   
  data centers for local drive    
  mapping for VDI users. If not   
  supported, the NAS solution    
  shall be provisioned for proving   
  the file services.      

        
10 Management Platform must  provide Does  it support  

  management through a web management through  
  based  HTML  5  console.  Must web based HTML  
  provide   storage, compute & console and is it  
  hypervisor metrics on a per VM support to LDAP  
  level as well as real-time health Active Directory  
  andmonitoring of entire integration? (Yes/No)  
  platform. Platform should   
  support LDAP Active Directory   
  integration       

         
 
 

10 



   Does  it support  
   monitoring via  
  Platform must support SNMPv3 and email  
  monitoring via SNMPv3 and alerting via SMTP?  
  email alerting via SMTP (Yes/No)  

  The  solution  should  have  call   
  home capability for remote log   
  collection and proactive support   
  for  predictive  failure  hardware   
  component.   

11 Security The proposed HCI solution Does it support to data  
  should support data at rest encryption without any  
  encryption without any specific hardware?  
  specialized hardware (Yes/No)  
     

  The solution should have out of Compliance (Yes/No)  
  the box security compliance   
  methodology in HCI solution to   
  ensure highly secure   
  environment. It should have at   
  list two or more certifications. (   
  e.g. NIST, FIPS140-2, EAL2   
  CCC-Common Criteria   
  Certified, DISA- approved   
  STIG)   
     

12 Warranty & The proposed solution should Is it having online  
 Support provide seamless upgrade for upgradation facility of  
 Services Firmware, Hypervisor, Storage Firmware, Hypervisor,  
  OS, BIOS and other such Storage OS, BIOS and  
  functions which are required in other such functions?  
  the HCI platform. The upgrade (Yes/No)  
  should be online and should not   
  mandate any kind of OEM   
  engagement.   
     

  Shall include 24x7x365 Compliance (Yes/No)  
  infrastructure maintenance and   
  support for all hardware and   
  software components of the   
  proposed solution, including   
  updates and patches as well as   
  technical support available via   
  telephone, email, and web   
  during all hours (24 hours per   
  day, 365 days per year)   
     

  Tenderer shall provide 3 years’ Mention warrenty  
  comprehensive onsite warranty period and Compliance  
  on all Hardware and Software. (Yes/No)  
  All licenses provided, if any,   
  shall be perpetual in nature. The   
  Support should be provided   
  24X7 (4 Hour Response).   

13 Products The proposed Solution should be Compliance  
 Certifications among the Leaders in Latest (Yes/No)  
  Gartner Magic Quadrant   

     

   11  



 
 
 

(B) TOR switch    
     

1 Architecture Bid Requirement by DAVV Details Quoted by Bidder 
     
  TOR Switch Make and 
   Model Name : 
  The switch should have have 24 No. of Ethernet ports 
  x 1G/10G Base T ports and 2x   
  QSFP+ 40GbE ports from day No. of QSFP+40GbE  
  one ports 
    

  The Switch should support,1 RJ- No. of RJ-45 serial 
  45 serial console port,1 RJ-45 console port (Mention 
  out-of-band management port Port) 
  and 1 USB 2.0 port   
   No. of RJ-45 out of 
   band management port 
   (Mention Port) 
   No. of USB 2.0 port 
    

  The switch should support dual Compliance (write 
  power supply and 2 fan tray slots Yes/No) 
   is 2 fan tray slots 
   available?(Yes/No) 
  The switch should have 1GB Is it  having Minimum 
  flash, 2 GB SDRAM 1GB Flash?(Yes/No)) 
   Is it  having 2GB 
   SDRAM?(Write) 
  The Switch should have 12 MB Is it having 12MB 
  packet buffer size Packet buffer size 
   (Write) 
  The switch should have 10 Gbps Does it have Minimum 
  Latency < 1µs (64-byte packets) 10 Gbps Latency? 
   (Write) 
  All the ports in the Switch are ports 1U 19" Rack- 
  should be 1U 19” Rack- Mountable? (Yes/No) 
  Mountable   
  Minimum 800 Gbps  Is it having min. 1440 

 
 
 

    switching capacity with min. 550 
    mpps Gbps switching 

   capacity? (Write) 
  The switch shall have switching Does  it  have 
  throughput upto 1070 million switching throughput 
  pps up to 1070 million pps 
   ?  
  MAC Address table size of Does  it have MAC 
  250,000 entries Address table size of 
   280,000 entries? 
  Switch should at least support Is it  supporting 
  100,000 routing entries IPv4, 100,000 routing entries 
  50,000 entries (IPv6) IPv4, 50,000 entries 
   (IPv6)?   

2 Quality of 
Service (QoS)  

 
 
 
 

12 



  The Switch should support Strict Is it  supporting Strict  
  Priority (SP), WRR, WDRR, Priority (SP), WRR,  
  WFQ, SP+WRR, SP+WDRR, WDRR, WFQ,  
  SP+WFQ, Configurable Buffer, SP+WRR, SP+WDRR,  
  Time range, Queue Shaping, SP+WFQ,  
  CAR with 8kbps granularity Configurable Buffer,  
    Time range, Queue  
    Shaping, CAR with  
    8kbps ?  
  The Switch should support Is it supporting packet  
  packet filtering at L2 (Layer 2) filtering at L2 (Layer  
  through L4 (Layer 4); flow 2) through L4 (Layer  
  classification based on source 4); flow classification  
  MAC address, destination MAC based on source MAC  
  address, source IP (IPv4/IPv6) address, destination  
  address, destination IP MAC address, source ?  
  (IPv4/IPv6) address, port,   
  protocol, and VLAN.   
      

3 Data center     
 optimization     
  The Switch should have cut- Is it having cut-through  
  through and no blocking and no blocking  
  architecture  architecture?  

  

The switch should support min. 
four switches, which can be 
combined to deliver unmatched 
scalability of virtualized access 
layer switches and flatter two-tier 
networks and switch should 
support single IP management 

 

Compliance (Yes/No) 

 
     

  The Switch should have Is it having advanced  
  Advanced modular operating modular operating  
  system  system?  
  The Switch should support Is it supporting  
  Reversible airflow  Reversible airflow?  
  The Switch should have Internal Does  it have Internal  
  redundant and hot-pluggable redundant and hot-  
  power supplies and dual fan pluggable power  
  trays  supplies and dual fan  
    trays ?  
  The Switch should support for Is it supporting for  
  IEEE 802.1Qbb Priority Flow IEEE 802.1Qbb  
  Control (PFC), Data Center Priority Flow Control  
  Bridging Exchange (DCBX), (PFC), Data Center  
  IEEE 802.1Qaz Enhanced Bridging Exchange  
  Transmission Selection (ETS), (DCBX), IEEE  
  Explicit Congestion Notification 802.1Qaz Enhanced  
  (ECN) for converged FCoE, Transmission Selection  
  iSCSI and RoCE environments. ?  
     

  The Switch should support Is it supporting FCoE?  
  FCoE    
  The Switch should support Compliance (Yes/No)  
  Jumbo frames sizes of up to   
  10,000 bytes on Gigabit Ethernet   
  and 10-Gigabit ports   
      

    13 



  The Switch should support Compliance (Yes/No)  
  VXLAN Layer 2 and Layer 3   
  gateway support for up to 1000   
  tunnels    
  The Switch should support Is it supporting  
  OVSDB for dynamic VXLAN OVSDB for dynamic  
  configuration  VXLAN  
    configuration?  
  The Switch should support Compliance (Yes/No)  
  EVPN    
      

4 Manageability     
     

  The Switch should support Is it supporting ingress  
  ingress and egress port and egress port  
  monitoring and traceroute and monitoring and  
  ping  traceroute and ping?  
  The Switch should support Is it supporting  
  multiple configuration files to be multiple configuration  
  stored to a flash image files to be stored to a  
    flash image?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting sFlow  
  sFlow (RFC 3176)  (RFC 3176)?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  SNMP v1, v2c and v3 SNMP v1, v2c and v3?  
  The Switch should support Out- Is it  supporting Out-  
  of-band interface  of-band interface?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  Remote configuration and Remote configuration  
  management  and management?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting and  
  ISSU and hot patching hot patching?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  automatic configuration via automatic  
  DHCP auto configuration configuration via  
    DHCP auto  
    configuration?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting NTP,  
  NTP, SNTP and PTP SNTP and PTP ?  

5 Resiliency and     
 high     
 availability     
  The Switch shall have the Compliance (Yes/No)  
  capability to extend the control   
  plane across multiple active   
  switches making it a virtual   
  switching fabric, enabling   
  interconnected switches to   
  perform as single Layer-2 switch   
  and Layer-3 router    
  The switch should support up to   
  four switches can be combined   
  to deliver unmatched scalability   
  of virtualized access layer   
  switches and flatter two-tier   
  networks and switch should   
  support single IP management   
  up to six Switch    

    14 



  The Switch should support Is it  supporting IEEE  
  IEEE 802.1w Rapid 802.1w Rapid  
  Convergence Spanning Tree Convergence Spanning  
  Protocol Tree Protocol?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting IEEE  
  IEEE 802.1s Multiple Spanning 802.1s Multiple  
  Tree Spanning Tree?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting Virtual  
  Virtual Router Redundancy Router Redundancy  
  Protocol (VRRP) Protocol (VRRP)?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting   
  Device Link Detection Protocol   
  (DLDP) or equivalent protocol  DLDP or equivalent?  

6 Layer 2    
 switching    
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting MAC-  
  MAC-based VLAN based VLAN?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  Address Resolution Protocol Address Resolution  
  (ARP) and supports static, Protocol (ARP) and  
  dynamic, and reverse ARP and supports static,  
  ARP proxy dynamic, and reverse  
   ARP and ARP proxy?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  IEEE  
  IEEE 802.3x Flow Control 802.3x Flow Control?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  Ethernet Link Aggregation Ethernet Link  
   Aggregation?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  IEEE  
  IEEE 802.3ad Link Aggregation 802.3ad Link  
  of up to 128 groups of 32 ports Aggregation of up to  
  and support for LACP, LACP 128 groups of 32 ports  
  Local Forwarding First, and and support for LACP,  
  LACP Short-time provides a LACP Local  
  fast, resilient environment that is Forwarding First, and  
  ideal for the data center LACP Short-time ?  
     

  The Switch should support STP Is it  supporting STP  
  (IEEE 802.1D), Rapid STP (IEEE 802.1D), Rapid  
  (RSTP, IEEE 802.1w), and STP (RSTP, IEEE  
  Multiple STP (MSTP, IEEE 802.1w), and Multiple  
  802.1s) STP (MSTP, IEEE  
   802.1s)?  
  The Switch should support for Is it  supporting for  
  4,096 VLANs based on port, IGMP Snooping, Fast-  
  MAC address, IPv4 subnet, Leave, and Group-  
  protocol, and guest VLAN; Policy; IPv6 IGMP  
  supports VLAN mapping Snooping provides  
   Layer 2 optimization of  
   multicast traffic?  
  The Switch should support for Is it  supporting for  
  IGMP Snooping, Fast-Leave, IGMP Snooping, Fast-  
  and Group-Policy; IPv6 IGMP Leave, and Group-  
  Snooping provides Layer 2 Policy; IPv6 IGMP  
  optimization of multicast traffic Snooping provides  
   Layer 2 optimization of  
   multicast traffic?  
  The Switch should support Is support  DHCP  
  DHCP support at Layer 2 support at Layer 2?  

 

15 



7 Layer 3 
services 

 The Switch should support Is it  supporting 
 Address Resolution Protocol Address Resolution 
 (ARP) Protocol (ARP)? 
 The Switch should determines Does  it determines the 
 the MAC address of another IP MAC address of 
 host in the same subnet; supports another IP host in the 
 static ARPs; gratuitous ARP same subnet; supports 
 allows detection of duplicate IP static ARPs; gratuitous 
 addresses; proxy ARP allows ARP allows detection 
 normal ARP operation between of duplicate IP ? 
 subnets or when subnets are  
 separated by a Layer 2 network  
   

 The Switch should support Is it  supporting 
 simplifies the management of simplifies the 
 large IP networks and supports management of large 
 client and server; DHCP Relay IP networks and 
 enables DHCP operation across supports client and 
 subnets server; DHCP Relay 
  enables DHCP 
  operation across 
  subnets? 
 The Switch should support for Is it  supporting for 
 Connectivity Fault Management Connectivity Fault 
 (IEEE 802.1AG) and Ethernet in Management (IEEE 
 the First Mile (IEEE 802.3AH); 802.1AG) and Ethernet 
 provides additional monitoring in the First Mile (IEEE 
 that can be used for fast fault 802.3AH); provides 
 detection and recovery additional monitoring 
  that ? 
   

8 Layer 3  
 routing  
 The Switch should support Is it  supporting 
 Virtual Router Redundancy Virtual Router 
 Protocol (VRRP) and VRRP Redundancy Protocol 
 Extended (VRRP) and VRRP 
  Extended? 
 The Switch should support Is it  supporting 
 Policy-based routing Policy-based routing? 
 The Switch should support Is  it supporting Equal- 
 Equal-Cost Multipath (ECMP) Cost Multipath 
  (ECMP)? 

9 Layer 3 IPv4  
 routing  
 The Switch should support Is  it supporting static 
 static routes, RIP and RIPv2, routes, RIP and RIPv2, 
 OSPF, BGP, and IS-IS OSPF, BGP, and IS- 
  IS? 
 The Switch should support Is it  supporting 
 Border Gateway Protocol 4 Border Gateway 
 (BGP-4) Protocol 4 (BGP-4)? 
 Intermediate system to  
 intermediate system (IS-IS)  
 The Switch should support Is it  supporting Static 
 Static IPv6 routing IPv6 routing?  
 
 
 

 

16 



  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  separate stacks for IPv4 and separate stacks for  
  IPv6 to ease the transition from IPv4 and IPv6 to ease  
  an IPv4-only network to an the transition from an  
  IPv6-only network design IPv4-only network to  
   an IPv6-only network  
   design?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  Routing Information Protocol Routing Information  
  next generation (RIPng) extends Protocol next  
  RIPv2 to support IPv6 generation (RIPng)  
  addressing extends RIPv2 to  
   support IPv6  
   addressing?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting OSPF  
  OSPF support for IPv6, BGP-4 support for IPv6, BGP-  
  to support Multiprotocol BGP 4 to support  
  (MBGP), including support for Multiprotocol BGP  
  IPv6 addressing,IS-IS for IPv6 (MBGP), including  
   support for IPv6  
   addressing, IS-IS for  
   IPv6?  

10 Layer 3 IPv6    
 routing    
  The Switch should static Is it  supporting static  
  routing, RIPng, OSPFv3, routing, RIPng,  
  BGP4+ for IPv6, and IS-ISv6 OSPFv3, BGP4+ for  
   IPv6, and IS-ISv6?  
  Green IT and power   
     

  The Switch should able to shut Does  it able to shut off  
  off unused ports and utilizes unused ports and  
  variable-speed fans, reducing utilizes variable-speed  
  energy costs fans, reducing energy  
   costs?  

11 Management    
     

  The Switch should allow users Does  it allow users to  
  to copy switch files to and from copy switch files to  
  a USB flash drive and from a USB flash  
   drive?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  Multiple configuration files and Multiple configuration  
  stores easily to the flash image files and stores easily  
   to the flash image?  
  The Switch should SNMPv1, Does  it have SNMPv1,  
  v2c, and v3 v2c, and v3?  
  The Switch should support Dual Is it  supporting Dual  

  
flash images (two softwares in 
flash memory) flash images?  

  The Switch should provide support of local and  
  support of local and remote remote logging of  
  logging of events via SNMP events via SNMP (v2c  
  (v2c and v3) and syslog; and v3) and syslog;  
  provides log throttling and log provides log throttling  
  filtering to reduce the number of and log filtering to  
  log events generated reduce the  
 
 
 
 
 

 

17 



  The Switch should provide a Is it providing a central  
  central repository for system and repository for system  
  network information; aggregates and network  
  all logs, traps, and debugging information;  
  information generated by the aggregates all logs,  
  system and maintains them in traps, and debugging  
  order of severity; outputs the information generated  
  network information to multiple by the ?  
  channels based on user-defined   
  rules   
     

12 Security    
     

  The Switch should provide IP   
  Layer 3 filtering based on   
  source/destination IP   
  address/subnet and   
  source/destination TCP/UDP   
  port number   
     

  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  RADIUS/TACACS+ RADIUS/TACACS+?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  Secure shell encrypt all Secure shell encrypt all  
  transmitted data for secure transmitted data for  
  remote CLI access over IP secure remote CLI  
  networks access over IP  
   networks?  
  The Switch should support IEEE Is it  supporting IEEE  
  802.1X and RADIUS network 802.1X and RADIUS  
  logins network logins?  
  The Switch should support allow Is it  supporting allow  
  access only to specified MAC access only to specified  
  addresses, which can be learned MAC addresses, which  
  or specified by the administrator can be learned or  
   specified by the  
   administrator?  
  The Switch should support Is it  supporting  
  LLDP-MED (Media Endpoint LLDP-MED (Media  
  Discovery) Endpoint Discovery)?  

13 Software    
 Defined    
 Networking    
 (SDN)    
 Capability    
  The Switch should have Open Does  it have Open  
  Flow 1.3.1 protocol capability Flow 1.3.1 protocol  
  to enable software-defined capability to enable  
  networking from Day one software-defined  
   networking from Day  
   one?  
  The Switch should Allow the Does  it Allow the  
  separation of data (packet separation of data  
  forwarding) and control (routing (packet forwarding)  
  decision) paths, to be controlled and control (routing  
  by an external SDN Controller, decision) paths, to be  
  utilizing Open flow protocol controlled by an  
   external SDN  
   Controller, ?  

     

   18 



14 Certification    
     

  The switch should have UL Compliance  
  60950-1; certification? (Yes/No)  
  EN 60825-1 Safety of Laser Attach proof  
  Products-Part 1;   
  EN 60825-2 Safety of Laser   
  Products-Part 2,   
  IEC 60950-1;   
  CAN/CSA-C22.2 No. 60950-1;   
  Emissions : VCCI Class A   
     

15 Warranty Onsite warranty support. 3 Years  
     

     
(C) Migration of Migration of existing DAVV Agree  (Yes/No)  

 DAVV network and in-house application   
 existing services on HCI server. There   
 applications are about 14 services running.   
 and services Ex. Web service, LDAP   
  authentication, DNS, E-mail,   
  digital library etc. the bidder will   
  have to ensure successful   
  migration of these services on   
  new server   
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

19 



 

Ref: DAVV/ITC/SERVER/2018-19/1-1 Annexure II 
 
 

 

Online Financial Bid C 
(To be quoted Online on prescribed proforma only) 

To, 
 

The Registrar, 
 

Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya,  
Nalanda Campus, RNT Marg, Indore. 

 

Sub: – Quotation for Server with Storage and Virtualization Software at IT Center Devi 
 

Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. 
 

Sir, 
 

This has reference to your call for submitting quotation for Quotation for Server with Storage and 

Virtualization Software at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. I have read all the terms and the 

conditions as stipulated in the above. I have gone through all the terms and conditions mentioned in the 

tender document and already given my acceptance for it. I confirm that I fulfill the eligibility criteria as 

stipulated by you. 
 

I offer my rate in INR as under:  
Sl Description  Amount  TAX (Rs.) Total 
No  Qty (Rs.)   Amount 

      (Rs.) 

 Server with Storage and Virtualization one     
 Software as per the details mentioned in      
 (A), (B) and (C) of technical bid      

       
    Grand Total  
    (in figure  
    and in  
    words)  
       
 
 
 

 

Signature of authorized signature: 
 

Name and Designation of Authorized Signatory 
 

Seal : 

 

Date & Place: 
 

 

20 



Tender No.: DAVV/ITC/SERVER/2018-19/1-1 Annexure-III 
 
 
 
 
 

 

DECLARATION 
I/We………………………………………………………………….. do hereby declare that 
 
our company/firm is not black listed by Government of India/ any state Govt./ public sector 

undertaking/University and not involved in any litigation which threatens solvency of the 

company/firm during last five years. 

 
 

I/We further undertake that if above declaration probes to be wrong/incorrect or misleading 

our tender/contract stands to be cancelled/terminated. 
 
I/We solemnly declare that I/we have attached all the documents mentioned here above and 

mentioned in the tender. I/We also understand that non-compliance of any documents will be 

treated as no- respective tender and we will lose our claim to participate in the tender enquiry 

automatically and our tender will be liable for rejection. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Signature of Authorized Person: 
 

 

Name and designation : 
 

 

Seal 
 

 

Date: ……………… 
Place: …………….. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

21 



 
Tender No.: DAVV/ITC/SERVER/2018-19/1-1 Annexure IV 

 

 

CHECK LIST FOR BIDDER TO BE SUBMITTED ALONG WITH TENDER 
 

 

Mention Yes/No with the Details required: 
 

1. Tender Document  
2. E.M.D. ( To be paid online through e-procurement portal in  

 favor of Registrar, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. Bidder  
 is required to upload the scanned copy of e-transaction details.)  
   

3. Technical Bid  (online and offline mode)  
 I. Covering Letter  
 II. General Information  
 III. Eligibility Criteria for Pre-qualification  
 IV. Technical Bid details  
 V. all supporting documents required in above.  
 VI. Non- blacklisted declaration mentioned in  
  Annexure III  
   

4. All documentary evidences dully attested in offline mode  
 and scanned copy (.pdf) in online mode.  

5. Documents other than mentioned in technical bid (if any)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Signature of Authorized: 
 

 

Name of the authorized Signature: 
 

Seal of the Company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

22 



Annexure V 
 

Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore 
IT Center 

 

TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 

On-line Bids are invited from the Reputed, experienced OEM (Original Equipment 
Manufacturer) OR OEM Authorized Dealer for Supply & installation of Server Computer 
with storage and virtualization software. 
 

 

INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS 
 
 
 

1. EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT (EMD):- 
 

a) The EMD amount is interest free and will be refundable to the 
unsuccessful bidders without any accrued interest on it. 

 
b) The bid / proposal submitted without EMD, mentioned above, will be 

summarily rejected.  
c) The EMD will be forfeited: 

 
· If a bidder withdraws its bid after closing date and time of bid and 

during the period of bid validity. 
 

· In case of a successful bidder, if the bidder fails to supply the server 
computer in accordance with this Bid. 

 
e) E-transaction details of EMD and tender fees along with other documents 

mentioned in point no. 2 below shall be submitted in the Sealed envelope titled 
"Server with storage and virtualization software Purchase at DAVV" in IT 
Center, Central Library Building, Takshashila Campus, Devi Ahilya 
Vishwavidyalaya, , Khandwa Road, Indore, on or before from end date & time 
of online submission of bid. 

 
2. Eligibility Criteria: 

 
a. Minimum Turnover Rs. 10 Crore per financial year in last three years (2015-16, 

2016-17, 2017-18)  
b. The bidder Company should be ISO 9001 certified  
c. The bidder must have executed at least one order for supply and installation of 

server of similar capability with virtualization software preferably based on 
HCI technology. 

 

 
3. The seller/ bidder must submit following documents (duly signed and stamped) 

in the sealed envelope one day before from end date & time of the technical bid 
submission.  

a. E-transaction details of EMD and tender fees.  
b. Goods & Services Tax Identification Number (GSTIN) registration at Tax 

Department of Government. 
c. Permanent Account Number (PAN). 

 
 
 

23 



d. Reputed, experienced OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) OR OEM 
Authorized Dealer may participate. If, bidder is an authorized dealer of OEM, he 
must submit legible self-attested copy of authorization certificate issued by the 
OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) for this particular e- bid. There will be 
separate authorization letters for server and TOR switch by respective OEM(s). 

 

e. Bidder must submit OEM authorization letter exclusively for this bid and it must 
also be mentioned that all product support and services will be ensured by OEM 
till warranty period. All products and services for quoted product will not reach 
“END OF LIFE” for next five Years from the date of Commissioning. 

 
f. All licenses provided, if any, shall be perpetual in nature. Any software 

update/patches must be available without any extra cost. 

 
g. Any hardware and/or software fault must be attended and thereafter the action 

should be taken by the vendor immediately. The vendor is liable to pay penalty as 
per the provision made. Vendor must provide contact details of its technical 
support team as well as OEM’s technical team hierarchy in the form of Escalation 
Matrix. 

 
h. A self-certified letter in the format shown in annexure III by the authorized 

signatory of the bidder must be submitted as an affidavit on non-judicial stamp 
paper of Rs. 10/-. 

 
i. Information Accessibility: Bidder must submit product details, specifications and 

brochure. These documents to be made available in public domain. Also vendor 
must mention the Official URL. 

 
j. The successful Tenderer(s) will provide following: 

 
(i) Supply and installation of equipment with storage and virtualization 

software. 
(ii) Migration of existing DAVV network and in-house application services on HCI 

server. There are about 14 services running. Viz. Web service, LDAP, E-mail, 
DHCP, Caching DNS, External DNS, Mat Lab, Cadence, digital library, Research 
compendium, User management, MIS services, File tracking, and Sys Log . The 
bidder will have to ensure successful migration of these services on the new 
server.  

(iii) Service during warranty period on site for 36 months from the date of 
installation.  

(iv) Hand holding support for 3 months from the date of installation.  
(v) Advance & complete training of DAVV personnel. The trainer should be 

from the OEM. The training would start after successful installation of 
hardware and software in real environment. 

 
4. DELIVERY PERIOD: 6 weeks from the date of placing the supply order. 

 

 

5. BID REJECTION:- 
 

The Bid will be rejected under any one or more of the following cases. 
 

a) Non-production of original documents for verification, if required. 
b) Non-submission of requisite Bid Security (EMD), before closing date & time of 

submitting / uploading the bid on e-procurement web-site. 
 

24 



c) Not meeting the Technical Specifications. 
d) If Bidder found indulging in malpractice of pooling of Bid.  
e) Lack of requisite documents for Technical Bid during opening of bid 

 
6. Penalty Provisions: 
 

 Delay will be calculated from the date and time of registering the fault with 
the Successful vendor. 

 Service support for Virtualization related issues – 24 X 7 basis.
Support for Hardware related  issue - NBD
Failure to maintain above deadline would result in a penalty of Rs. 1000/day.


 

6. PERFORMANCE SECURITY:- 
 

a. The successful Bidder has to deposit a performance security, which will be the 
5% (five percent) of the total quoted value of contract. The performance 
security should be in the form of FDR / Bank Guarantee from a nationalized 
scheduled and commercial bank in favour of Registrar, Devi Ahilya 
Vishwavidyalaya, Indore. The Performance Security (Security Money) shall 
bear no interest. The Performance Security should be valid for a period of 60 
days beyond the completion of all warranty period. The performance security 
will be forfeited in case the successful Bidder fails to supply as per the supply 
order or fail to meet the obligations under warranty period. 

 
b. Failure of the successful Bidder to furnish the Performance Security shall 

constitute sufficient grounds for the annulment of the award and forfeiture of 
the Bid security (EMD). 

 
 
7. DELIVERY & INSPECTION 
 

a. Delivery of items / goods will be made in the IT Center, Takshashila campus, 
Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Khandwa Road, Indore-452001 without any 
extra cost.  

b. The inspection of the Goods shall be carried out to check whether the Goods 
are in conformity with the technical specifications mentioned in tender 
document. 

c. Firms fail to supply the items as per specification mentioned in the tender 
document within stipulated time, its performance security will be forfeited.  

d. Original Manuals, Data Sheets, Installation Documents and any other 
documents relevant to the hardware, and software supplied by the Bidder. 

 

General Terms and Conditions 
 

1. The track record of the bidder should be clean and should not have any involvement 
in illegal activities or financial misappropriation /frauds etc.  

2. We do not intend to call vendors for financial negotiations. Vendor should, therefore, 
quote their lowest possible rates.  

3. The authorized person of bidding firm must put his signature on all the pages of the 
tender documents invariably in having accepted all the terms and conditions in respect 
of this tender work.  

4. The bidder must be registered with Provident Fund, ESI, and GST and should have 
PAN/TAN from Income Tax Department.  

5. DAVV  may  modify  the  specifications  in  the  best  interest  of  the  University,  if 
 

25 



necessity arises. Any change or modification in the tender document will be notified 
on University website https://www.dauniv.ac.in  

6. DAVV reserves the right to reject any or all offers without assigning any reason 
thereof.  

7. Bids received after due date will be summarily rejected.  
8. The bidders are required to submit the required details strictly in the specified format, 

failing which; their tender is likely to be rejected.  
9. Disputes Resolution: All questions, disputes and/or difference arising under or in 

connection with this tender enquiry or in any way touching or relating to or 
concerning the construction, meaning or effect or the terms herein, shall be referred to 
the sole arbitration of Registrar, DAVV, Indore. The award of the arbitrator so 
appointed shall be final and binding. All disputes shall be under jurisdiction of Indore 
court only.  

10. The lowest rate will not be the only basis of claim to get the order. 
 

11. Payment conditions:   
 
                Details                                Payment (% of  total cost) 
 

(i) Hardware delivery and            -    80% 
                     power on installation. 

(ii) Successful installation of      -      10 % 
          OS and Virtualization software.  
(iii) Training and Migration of     -      10% 

                           DAVV Application and services. 
 
 
 
 

**** 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


