













































Surat Municipal Corporation


 
Surat Municipal Corporation 1 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Surat Municipal Corporation 
 

TECHNICAL BID 

 
Through online e-tendering process only 

 

Bid for Annual Maintenance Contract of  

Network Equipments 

[DC-ISD-NW-AMC-12] 

 

 

 

Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

August 12, 2011 

 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of  

EMD, Bid Fee & Supporting Document 

On or before August 18, 2011 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) 

 

 

Bid for 

Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration  

Of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

April 04, 2018 
 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of  

EMD, Bid Fee  

April 11, 2018 
 
 
 
 

Information Systems Department (ISD)  

Surat Municipal Corporation 

Muglisara, Surat-395003 

 

 

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 2 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

Notice Inviting Bid 

 

Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) 

Muglisara, Surat – 395003, Gujarat. 

www.suratmunicipal.gov.in. 

Notice Inviting  

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration  

of Networking Equipments  [DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments is being 

published by Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) online on https://smc.nprocure.com from the 

bidder meeting the basic eligibility criteria as stated in the bid document. 

Bid Fee (Non-refundable)  Rs. 1680/- (Rs. 1500/- + 12% GST)  (by DD or Banker’s Cheque 

only) 

EMD  Rs. 40,000/- (by DD or Banker’s Cheque only) 

Last date to submit the 

Online Pre Bid Queries  

 Bidders shall have to post queries by email to 

dmc@suratmunicipal.org on or before 26.03.2018, 16:00 hrs. 

Online Bid End Date (Last 

Date of Online Submission 

of Bids with all necessary 

documents as per tender 

document requirement in 

soft copy) 

 To be submitted online only on https://smc.nprocure.com on 

or before 04.04.2018 up to 18:00 hrs. 

Submission (in Hard Copy) 

of Bid Fee, EMD. 

 In sealed envelope strictly by RPAD/Postal Speed Post on or 

before 11.04.2018 up to 18:00 hrs. to the Chief Accounts, 

Surat Municipal Corporation, Muglisara, Surat – 395003 

RFP Document Availability  https://smc.nprocure.com,  

 https://www.suratmunicipal.gov.in 

The right to accept/reject any or all bid(s) received is reserved without assigning any reason 

thereof.  

                  (Sd/-) 

Deputy Commissioner 

Surat Municipal Corporation 

 

https://smc.nprocure.com/
https://smc.nprocure.com/


 
Surat Municipal Corporation 3 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

INDEX 

 

Notice Inviting Bid .......................................................................................................................................................... 2 

TECHNICAL BID ............................................................................................................................. 5 

1. Key Events & Dates ............................................................................................................................................... 5 

2. Instructions for the Bidder .................................................................................................................................. 6 

3. Eligibility Criteria ................................................................................................................................................. 12 

4. Indicative list of Documents to be submitted .......................................................................................... 13 

5. General Terms and Conditions ...................................................................................................................... 15 

6. Technical (minimum) Specification .............................................................................................................. 21 

7. ANNEXURES TO TECHNICAL BID .................................................................................................................. 27 

PRICE BID ..................................................................................................................................... 34 

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 4 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

  

 
 
 

Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) 

 

 

Bid for 

Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration  

Of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

 

 

Technical Bid 

 
 

Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

April 04, 2018 

 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of  

EMD, Bid Fee  

April 11, 2018 
 
 
 
 

Information Systems Department (ISD)  

Surat Municipal Corporation 

Muglisara, Surat-395003 

 

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 5 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

TECHNICAL BID 

1. Key Events & Dates 

Event Target Date 

Notice Inviting Tender DC-ISD-Network-01-2018 

Bid Fee (Non-refundable) Rs. 1,680/- (Rs. 1,500/- + 12% GST)  (by DD or Banker’s 

Cheque only) 

EMD Rs. 40,000/- (by DD or Banker’s Cheque only). 

Last date to submit the Online 

Pre Bid Queries 

Bidders shall have to post queries by email to 

dmc@suratmunicipal.org on or before 26/03/2018, 16:00 

hrs 

Online Bid End Date (Last Date 

of Online Submission of Bids 

with all necessary documents 

as per tender document 

requirement in soft copy) 

To be submitted online only on https://smc.nprocure.com 

on or before 04.04.2018 up to 18:00 hrs. 

Submission (in Hard Copy) of 

Bid Fee, EMD. 

In sealed envelope strictly by RPAD/Postal Speed Post on or 

before 11.04.2018 up to 18:00 hrs. to the Chief Accounts, 

Surat Municipal Corporation, Muglisara, Surat – 395003 

Opening of Technical Bids To be decided and communicated later 

Opening of Price Bids To be decided and communicated later 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

https://smc.nprocure.com/


 
Surat Municipal Corporation 6 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

2. Instructions for the Bidder  

2.1. Availing Bid Documents 

Blank bid documents can be downloaded from the web site https://smc.nprocure.com up 

to the date and time mentioned in the Online Bid Invitation Notice DC-ISD-Network-01-

2018. 

2.2. Addenda & Corrigenda  

If required the Addenda and Corrigenda will be issued and the same will form the part of 

the original bid documents and shall override any contradicting effects in the original bid 

document. 

2.3. Submission of Price Bid and Technical BID 

The price bid and the technical bid containing all the relevant supporting documents must 

be submitted online only on https://smc.nprocure.com on or before the last date of 

submission of the bid. No documents except the Bid Fee, EMD to be accepted in hardcopy. 

It is advised to keep the softcopy of the relevant documents ready and upload the same in 

advance on https://smc.nprocure.com with respect to this tender to avoid issues if any.  

All the relevant softcopy should invariably follow the (n)Code portal's specific requirements 

pertaining to file types, file size, file name length, etc.  

o File Types: Files with only .pdf, .doc, .txt, .xls, .ppt, .pps, .png, .gif, .jpg, .zip, .rar 

extension can be uploaded.  

o File name: It should not be more than70 characters. Special Characters Like (‘% @ < 

>: *? | & ~ ^) are not permitted. 

o File size: Single file size should not be more than 3 MB. 

The bid document (duly signed and stamped) in hard copy shall be submitted by the 

successful bidder upon intimation from SMC.   

2.4. Pre-bid Queries 

A prospective Bidder requiring any clarification on the RFP Document may submit his 

queries, via email, to the following e-mail id on or before 26/03/2018 up to 16:00 hrs.   

Email Id for submission of queries: dmc@suratmunicipal.org 

The queries must be submitted in the following format: 

Bidder’s Request for Clarification 

Name and Address of the 

Organization submitting 

request 

Name and Position of Person 

submitting request 

Contact Details of the Organization / 

Authorized Representative 

 

 

 

 Tel: 

Mobile: 

Fax: 

https://smc.nprocure.com/
https://smc.nprocure.com/


 
Surat Municipal Corporation 7 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

Email: 

Sr. 

No 

Bid Reference(s) 

(Section, Page) 

Content of Bid requiring 

clarification 

Points of clarification required 

1    

2    

 

2.5. Bid Fee & Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 

 The bidder should pay non-refundable Bid Fee of Rs. 1,680/- (Rs. 1,500/- + 12% GST)  

and EMD of Rs. 40,000/- by separate Demand Draft or Banker's Cheque of any 

scheduled/nationalized bank payable at Surat in favour of Surat Municipal Corporation.  

 Failure to submit Bid Fee, EMD as required shall lead to the bid being rejected summarily.  

2.6. The bid should be filled in legibly, clearly indicating the figures and its value in words too. 

2.7. Online Submission of the Technical Bid: 

The bidder will be required to upload the duly signed, stamped and notarized colour 

scanned copy of below mentioned documents in the same order of sequence online on 

smc.nprocure.com during e-tendering process. 

1. Scan copy of Tender (Bid) Fee 

2. Scan copy of EMD 

3. Scan copy of Solvency certificate 

4. Scan copy of the all supporting documents clarifying compliance to the eligibility 

criteria as stated in Section-4 Indicative list of Documents to be submitted. 

5. Scan copy of Bid Format given in Section – 7, Annexure to Technical Bid 

A. Bidder’s Details (signed and stamped page no. 27-28) 

B. Information of Authorized Signatory / Contact Person (signed and stamped page 

no. 29) 

C. Authorization Letter from OEM, Form A (on OEM’s letterhead, Page No. 30) (For 

Item No 1 & Item no 2). 

D. Performa of Compliance letter, Form B (on Bidder’s letterhead, Page No 31) (for all 

items). 

6. Scan copy of duly filled, signed and stamped Technical Specification given in Section – 

6 (To be submitted on OEM’s letterhead) 

7. Scan copy of duly filled, signed and stamped Technical Specification given in Section – 

6 (To be submitted on Bidder’s letterhead) 

8. Scan copy of PAN card 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 8 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

9. Scan copy of company registration with local body and state government/central 

government. 

10. Scan copy of GST Registration Certificate. 

11. Scan copy of duly signed addendum and Corrigendum, if any. 

12. Scan copy of any other document not mentioned above but required to be attached as 

per the tender requirement (Optional). 

13. Authorization Letter as per Clause-2.26 (mandatory in case tender signatory is other 

than Owner/Partner/MD/Director/Company Secretary) (Optional) 

2.8. Demand Draft for E.M.D. & Tender (Bid) fee shall be submitted in electronic format 

through online mode (by scanning) while uploading the bid. This submission shall 

mean that E.M.D. & tender fee are received for purpose of opening of the bid. 

Accordingly offer of those shall be opened whose E.M.D. & tender (bid) fee is received 

electronically. However, for the purpose of realization of D.D. bidder shall send the 

D.D. in original through RPAD / Speed post as per Clasue-2.11 below so as to reach to 

Chief Accountant, SMC within 7 days from the last date of online submission of the bid 

as per tender notice. Penaltative action for not submitting D.D. in original to shall be 

initiated and action shall be taken for abeyance of registration and cancellation of E-

tendering code for one year. Any documents in supporting of bid shall be in electronic 

format only through online (by scanning) & hard copy will not be accepted separately. 

2.9. All documents must be coloured scanned to be seen as original. Scanning in black and 

white or grey shall not be acceptable. 

2.10. All documents must be notarized with clearly-displaying stamp, number and name of 

the notary.    

2.11. Sealing, marking and submission of the Bid Fee, EMD: 

Following documents shall only be submitted in Hard Copy to Surat Municipal Corporation 

by the bidder: 

- Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 

- Tender Fee.  

The “Bid Fee, EMD” shall be put in an envelope containing Bid Fee, Earnest Money Deposit 

(EMD) and shall be super scribed as “Bid Fee, EMD” 

The envelope must be sealed and super scribed and must be sent as under:  

Details to be mentioned exactly on sealed envelop 

TENDER DETAILS 

 Notice No.: DC-ISD-Network-01-2018 

 Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration 

and Integration of Networking 

Equipments. 

 Last date of Online Submission: 
04/04/2018 up to 18:00 hrs. 

To, 

The Chief Accountant, 

Surat Municipal Corporation, 

Mahanagar Seva Sadan, 

Gordhandas Chokhawala Marg, 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 9 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 Last date of Physical Submission: 
11/04/2018 up to 18:00 hrs. 

Muglisara, Surat - 395 003, 

Gujarat, INDIA. 

The envelope containing EMD, Bid Fee must be sent strictly by Postal Speed Post or 

Registered Post AD only so as to reach on or before 11/04/2018 up to 18:00 hrs. Bids 

received in any other manner or mode (like courier, in person, etc.) will not be 

considered. SMC won’t be responsible for postal delays. 

TECHNICAL BID & PRICE BID 

The technical bid & price bid must be submitted online on https://smc.nprocure.com. It 

should not to be sent physically, if submitted physically the bid shall be rejected. 

2.12. The bidder will be bound by the details furnished to SMC, while submitting the bid or at 

subsequent stage. In case, any of such documents furnished by the bidder is found to be 

false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract making him/her 

liable to legal action besides termination of contract. 

2.13. Late Bids: Bids not reaching on or before the specified time limit will not be accepted.  

2.14. Conditional Bids: All the terms and conditions mentioned herein must be strictly adhered 

to by all bidders. Conditional tenders shall not be accepted on any ground and shall be 

subject to rejection without assigning any reason.  

2.15. Withdrawal of Bids  

Bid once filled in, submitted shall not be allowed to be withdrawn till the validity of the bid 

remains in force or else the EMD shall be liable for forfeiture. 

2.16. Period of Validity 

The offer should be valid for acceptance for a minimum period of 120 days from the date 

of opening of the Price Bid. If required, SMC may request the bidder to have it extended for 

a further period. 

2.17. Language of Bids 

The bids prepared by the bidder shall be in the English language. The supporting documents 

in language other than English/Hindi/Gujarati must have its English translation (which is to 

be duly attested by the bidder), for purposes of interpretation of the bid, the English 

translation shall govern. 

2.18. Right To Accept or Reject Any Bid or All Bids 

SMC reserves the right to accept or reject any bid and annul the bidding process and reject 

all bids at any time prior to award of contract, without thereby incurring any liability to the 

affected bidder or bidders or any obligation to inform the affected bidder or bidders of the 

ground for SMC’s action. 

2.19. Firm Prices & Bid Currency 

Prices quoted must be firm and final and shall not be subject to any upward modifications, 

on any account whatsoever. Prices shall be expressed in Indian Rupees (INR) only. 

2.20. Costs to be Borne by Bidder  

https://smc.nprocure.com/


 
Surat Municipal Corporation 10 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

All costs and expenses (whether in terms of time or money) incurred by the bidder in any 

way associated with the development, preparation and submission of the bid, including but 

not limited to attendance at meetings, discussions, demonstrations, etc. and providing any 

additional information required by SMC, will be borne entirely and exclusively by the bidder. 

2.21. Acceptance of Terms & Conditions 

The bidder will, by taking participation in the bidding process and submitting the bid 

documents, be deemed to have thoroughly read, studied and understood the bid 

documents including scope of work, the terms and conditions, instructions, etc. referred 

there in and the same are acceptable to the bidder.  

2.22. All entries in the bid form should be legible and filled clearly. If the space for furnishing 

information is insufficient, a separate sheet duly signed by the authorized signatory may be 

attached. However, the interlineations, erasures or overwriting, if any, in the Technical Bid 

Application must be attested by the person authorized to sign the bids. 

2.23. It is to be ensured that the complete information as required by this office may be furnished 

by the bidders in the prescribed format. Formats submitted with incomplete information 

and not conforming to the requirements are liable to be rejected. 

2.24. The agency will be bound by the details furnished by him/her to SMC, while submitting the 

bid or at subsequent stage. In case, any of such documents furnished by the agency is found 

to be false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract making 

him/her liable to legal action besides termination of contract. 

2.25. The participation in the online tendering process implies that the bidder have thoroughly 

read, studied and understood the instructions of the Bid documents, Scope of work, formats 

as well as the terms and conditions referred there in and the same are acceptable to the 

bidder. 

2.26. Authorized Signatory 

For the purpose of submission of the bid, the bidder may be represented by either the 

Principal Officer (Owner/MD/Director/Company Secretary) or his duly Authorized 

Representative, in which case he/she shall submit a certificate of authority along with the 

technical bid. All certificates and documents (including any clarifications sought and any 

subsequent correspondences) received hereby, shall, as far as possible, be furnished and 

signed by the authorized representative or the principal officer. 

2.27. Arithmetical errors will be rectified on the following basis. If there is a discrepancy 

between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by multiplying the unit price and 

quantity, the unit price shall prevail and the total price shall be corrected. If the supplier 

does not accept the correction of the errors, its bid will be rejected. If there is a discrepancy 

between words and figures, the amount in words will prevail. 

2.28. Disqualifications: A Bidder shall be disqualified and Bids will not be considered if 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 11 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

a) Hardcopy envelop does not show on it the reference of bid number and description as 

denoted and thus gets opened before due date(s) of opening specified in Notice Inviting 

Bids. 

b) The Price Bid and Technical Bid is submitted physically which leads to revelation of prices 

before the due date of opening of the Price Bid.  

c) The Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) & Bid fee is not deposited in the manner specified 

above Clause 2.11. 

d) The Bid documents are not in a language as per Clause 2.17. 

e) The Bid documents are not signed affixing stamp by the authorized signatory. 

f) The Bid documents submitted are incomplete and/or ambiguous in any respect. 

g) Non-compliance of provisions and requirements of the Bid documents. 

h) Any or all correction(s) or pasted slip(s) is/are not initialled, authenticated by the Bidder. 

i) The Bid documents are not submitted in the manner specified in the bid document. 

j) Eligibility criteria are not met with. 

k) Any form of canvassing/lobbying/influence/query regarding short listing, status, etc. will 

result in a disqualification. 

    

 

 

(sd/-) 

 

Deputy Commissioner 

Surat Municipal Corporation 

 

 

 

 

 

  



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 12 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

3. Eligibility Criteria 

The bidder must possess the requisite experience, strength and capabilities in providing the 

equipments necessary to meet the broad requirements, as described in the bid document.  

The bidder interested in being considered for this bid must meet the following eligibility criteria. 

3.1. The bidder should have completed at least 3 years of experience/operation in the field of 

supply, installation and Commissioning of Network Equipments (like Routers, L3/L2 

Managed Switches, Firewall/UTM) from bid start date and should have local office in Surat. 

3.2. Bidder should have a minimum average annual turnover not less than Rs. 10 Lacs (Rs. Ten 

Lacs) for last three financial years i.e. FY 2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY 2014-15. 

3.3. The bidder should have completed/ undertaken assignments of Supplying and 

Implementing Network range of products (Networks Devices like Routers, Switches, 

Firewall/UTMs, Access Points, etc.) during last three years (for this purpose financial years 

would be FY 2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY 2014-15:  

Single order worth Rs. 32,00,000 (Thirty two lacs)  

OR 

Two orders worth Rs. 20,00,000 (Twenty lacs)  

OR 

Three orders worth Rs. 16,00,000 (Sixteen lacs). 

 

3.4. The bidder shall be the manufacturer/OEM of the Networking equipments specified. In case 

the bidder is not manufacturer/OEM, the bidder should be duly authorized by the 

manufacturer/OEM to supply the goods/equipments by submitting Manufacturer's 

Authorization as per Section 7 Annexure C, Form A. 

3.5. The bidder should not be black-listed / debarred by any of the Government or Public Sector 

Units in India as on the date of the submission of the tender. 

3.6. The bidder should furnish Bid Fee and an Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) as per Clause No. 

2.11. 

3.7. The bidder should furnish Solvency Certificate amounting 20% of the consideration of the 

Contract from a scheduled/nationalised bank. 

Note: 

Bidders who wish to participate in this bid will have to register on https://smc.nprocure.com 

Further bidders who wish to participate in online bids will have to procure Digital Certificate as 

per Information Technology Act 2000 using which they can sign their electronic bids. Bidders can 

procure the same from (n) code solutions – a division of GNFC Ltd., or any other agency licensed 

by Controller of Certifying Authority, Govt. of India. Bidders who already have a valid Digital 

Certificate need not procure a new Digital Certificate. 
 

  

https://smc.nprocure.com/


 
Surat Municipal Corporation 13 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

4. Indicative list of Documents to be submitted  

Following documents shall be submitted in soft copy online on https://smc.nprocure.com by the 

bidder so as to ascertain the claims made. Following is the indicative list of documents that are 

to be submitted.  

# Description of Requirement Proof Required to be 

Submitted 

1.  The bidder must have completed at least 3 years of 

experience/operation in the field of supply, installation and 

Commissioning of Network Equipments (like Routers, L3 

Switches, L2 Managed Switches, Firewall/UTM) from bid start 

date and should have local office in Surat. 

Copy of work order / 

Completion certificate/ 

Contract certificate 

issued by client clearly 

specifying Bidders 

Name, details of Work, 

Date of issue of 

respective document. 

 

Proof of address for 

local office in Surat. 

2.  Bidder should have a minimum average annual turnover not 

less than Rs. 10 Lacs (Rs. Ten Lacs) for last three financial years 

i.e. FY 2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY 2014-15.  

Copy of Audited Balance 

sheet of Last 3 Financial 

Years. 

3.  The bidder should have completed/ undertaken assignments 

of Supplying and Implementing Network range of products 

(Networks Devices like Routers, Switches, Firewall/UTMs, 

Access Points, etc.) during last three years (for this purpose 

financial years would be FY 2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY 2014-15:  

Single order worth Rs. 32,00,000 (Thirty two lacs)  

OR 

Two orders worth Rs. 20,00,000 (Twenty lacs)  

OR 

Three orders worth Rs. 16,00,000 (Sixteen lacs). 

 

Copy of work order / 

Completion certificate/ 

Contract / Performance 

certificate issued by 

client clearly specifying 

Bidders Name, details of 

Work, Date of issue, 

amount of contract/work 

order value. 

 

4.  The bidder shall be the manufacturer/OEM of the Networking 

equipments specified. In the case the bidder is not 

manufacturer/OEM, the bidder should be duly authorized by 

the manufacturer/OEM to supply the goods/equipments by 

submitting Manufacturer's Authorization as per Section 7 

Annexure C, Form A. 

Submit Authorization 

letter from OEM as per 

MAF format at Section – 

7, Part – C (Form – A: 

Authorization Letter 

from OEM). 

5.  Information of Authorized Signatory / Contact Person as per 

Section–5, Item No 3. 

Self-Declaration in this 

regard by the 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 14 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

authorized signatory of 

the bidder. 

6.  The bidder should not be black-listed / debarred by any of 

the Government or Public Sector Units in India as on the date 

of the submission of the tender. 

Compliance letter/ Self-

declaration / 

Undertaking by bidder 

as per Section – 7, 

Form–B. 

7.  EMD & Bid Fee. As per Section 2, Item 

No 2.11. 

8.  Solvency Certificate amounting 20% of the consideration of 

the Contract from a scheduled/nationalised bank. 

Solvency Certificate as 

per Section –5, Item No 

5.11. 

9.  Compliance with technical specification as mentioned in 

Section – 6  

Duly filled Section – 6 

[Technical Specification] 

must be submitted 

separately on OEM’s 

letter head as well as on 

Bidder’s letter head. The 

same must be duly 

signed and stamped by 

authorized person. 

10.  Product literature Technical 

details/brochures / 

specification sheet of 

bided products 

11.  Goods & Service Tax Registration Nos.  Copy of the Goods & 

Service Tax (GST) 

Registration Certificate 

duly notarized 

* Note: Additional documents other than above if any, required for supporting the claims 

made by the bidder should be attached. 

 

  



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 15 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

5. General Terms and Conditions 

5.1. The prices/charges quoted should also include: 

a. Cost of necessary power cables, signal cables, connectors, controllers and necessary 

device drivers. 

b. Warranty as specified in Technical Specification section for each item including 

service and parts. Warranty of particular Item will be start from the date of 

delivery/supply to SMC. 

c. Delivery & Installation at Various SMC offices located throughout the city or at any other 

office to be decided by the SMC.  

d. Transit Insurance, Freight and loading, unloading charges up to SMC’s site location. 

e. Supplying, Installation, Configuration & Integration with existing LAN & WAN of SMC. 

5.2. OEM / Implementation Partner Participation Criteria  

i. The bidder shall be the manufacturer or the authorized service provider or authorized 

service partner of the hardware quoted.  

ii. The bidder will be required to submit a manufacturer’s authorization form from all the 

OEMs stating that the bidder in concern would be bidding for their products/solutions 

and have to provide “Authorization Letter from OEM” (as per Form 'A') in soft copy 

online on https://smc.nprocure.com on its letter head duly signed by the authorized 

signatory. 

iii. The OEM for all active components should mention in authorization letter that products 

or technology quoted are neither end of sale nor end of life and are not end of support 

till the successful completion of warranty period mentioned in this tender. 

iv. Bidders are required to specify only one specific make and model of each item and 

provide the details in the Technical bid. Providing more than one option shall not be 

allowed. 

5.3. The bidder has to submit the “Self-Declaration” as per the Performa of Compliance Letter 

(as per Form 'B') in soft copy online on https://smc.nprocure.com on its letter head duly 

signed by the authorized signatory. 

5.4. The offer should be valid for acceptance for a minimum period of 120 days from the date 

of opening of the Price Bids. If desired by SMC, it will have to be extended for a further 

period also. 

5.5. Rate Contract: 

The above network equipments will be required for connecting various remote offices with 

SMC HQ. The work for establishing WAN connectivity with these offices has already been 

awarded. The requirement of these devices will come up as and when the connectivity to 

these locations is commissioned. Hence, the work order will be issued in staggered manner 

over a period of time.  



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 16 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

The approved rate of the selected bidder shall be considered as the rates under rate contract 

and the same will be valid for the period of One year from date of first work order. SMC will 

use this rates for procurement in desired quantity during the rate validity period i.e. one 

year.  

5.6. SMC may buy/order full/partial quantity from one/more bidder(s) and may split/ defer/ 

stagger the order(s)/ deliveries. The quantities shown in the tender are approximate and no 

claim shall be entertained for variation of quantities being less or more than those 

mentioned in the bid. The variations in the quantities shall not vitiate the contract. The 

selected bidder shall be bound to supply additional quantity up to 30% (thirty percent) of 

tender amount/quantity at the approved rate, in accordance to any instruction, which may 

be given to him in writing by SMC. The rates quoted by the bidder will be applicable on full 

/ partial /additional quantity also. 

5.7. The Bidder may participate in the bid by quoting for one, more or all the items depending 

on his techno-commercial capability to supply & support that range of products. 

5.8. The right to reject accepts any/all Bids(s) without assigning any reason thereof is reserved. 

5.9. In case the quoted Item is not available in the market, the bidder will have to supply Higher 

Version/replacement of that Item in the quoted cost in the same time duration with prior 

approval of SMC. No “End of Life” product should be quoted to minimize such instances till 

the bid validity (Make & Model quoted by the bidder should be available till the bid validity, 

duly supported for spares/OEM support for 5 years). 

5.10. Security Deposit: 

The successful agency will be required to place Security Deposit @ 5% of the consideration 

of the Contract by Demand Draft or Banker's Cheque Payable at Surat in favour of Surat 

Municipal Corporation of any scheduled/nationalized bank within 10 working days from the 

date of notice of award of contact, failing which a penalty @ 0.065% of the amount of 

security deposit will be imposed for delay of each day. The EMD placed may be considered 

for conversion towards the security deposit and amount falling short of the required amount 

shall be payable. No interest shall be paid on Earnest Money Deposit and/ or Security 

Deposit placed. 

5.11. Solvency Certificate 

Along with the technical bid documents, the bidder should submit Solvency Certificate 

amounting 20% of the consideration of the Contract from a scheduled/nationalized bank. 

The Solvency Certificate should valid and should not be older than one year from the bid 

start date. 

5.12. In case, the awardee i.e. the selected agency fails to supply specified quantity and quality of 

goods in time or the performance of such supply/supplies is/are not found up to the mark 

or found of an inferior quality vis-à-vis specifications, the security deposit will be forfeited 

at once. 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 17 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

5.13. Agreement & Undertaking :  

The Awardee i.e. the selected agency will have to enter into an Agreement and submit an 

Undertaking  with SMC for supply of goods and its/their installation, Commissioning etc. on 

a Rs.100/- stamp paper of Government of Gujarat at the agency's own cost within 10 (Ten) 

working days (of SMC) period from the date of Notice of Award. No claims for payments 

will be entertained without completion of this process. 

5.14. TAX LIABILITY 

GST (Goods & Service Tax) has come in existence from 1st July 2017. Contractor / Successful 

Bidder is bound to pay any amount of GST prescribed by the Govt. of India as per the Terms 

of Contract agreed upon during the course of execution of this Contract. 

During the course of execution of Contract, if there is any change in Rate of GST (Goods & 

Service Tax) by the Government, the same shall be reimbursed / recovered separately by 

SMC, subject to the submission of Original Receipt / Proof of the amounts actually remitted 

by the Successful Tenderer / Contractor to the Competent Authority along with a Certificate 

from Chartered Accountant of Contractor / Successful Bidder certifying that the amount of 

GST paid to the Government and the same shall be intimated / submitted / claimed within 

30 (Thirty) Days from the date of payment. Remittance of GST within stipulated period shall 

be the sole responsibility of the Successful Bidder / Contractor, failing which SMC may 

recover the amount due, from any other payable dues with SMC and decision of Municipal 

Commissioner shall be final and binding on the Contractor / Successful Bidder in this regard. 

Further, the non-payment of GST to the Government may lead to the termination of contract 

and forfeiture of Security Deposit / Performance Guarantee Amount. 

If imposition of any other new Taxes/Duties/Levies/Cess or any other incidentals etc. or any 

increase in the existing Taxes/Duties/Levies/Cess or any other incidentals etc. (excluding 

GST) are imposed during the course of the contract, the same shall be borne by the 

Contractor/Successful Bidder Only, in no case SMC shall be liable for the same. 

The contractor will submit the invoice to the SMC having GSTIN of SMC mentioned therein 

and the taxes shall be shown separately on the face of the invoice so as to claim as ITC by 

SMC. 

SMC GST Provisional ID/ Registration Number 24AAALS0678Q1ZE 

5.15. Technical details/Datasheets of goods to be supplied shall be submitted along with the Bid. 

5.16. Manuals relating to Hardware/Peripherals shall be supplied. 

5.17. It shall be noted that the lowest rate(s)/price(s) will not be the sole criterion for accepting 

Bid for any of the goods but emphasis will be given to the quality of the products and even 

the readiness to offer innovative technology thereof. 

5.18. Any offer/Bid not meeting the terms and conditions mentioned hereinabove will be liable 

for rejection without assigning any reason thereof. 

5.19. Delivery schedule: 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 18 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

The successful agency shall deliver, install, configure and integrate the goods as detailed in 

this Bid within 21 calendar days from the date of the Work/Purchase order. A penalty of 

0.2% of the consideration of contract for a particular item will be charged for delayed supply 

and installation for delay of each day thereafter. 

5.20. The agency shall extend all the benefits to the SMC such as free samples of products, 

materials, goods, articles including any kind of discount, rebate, commission, incentives 

normally offered to any other buyer in the form of gift or otherwise as part of the sales 

promotion scheme(s). If any such sales promotion scheme(s) is /are already launched for 

the product and is/are in force while the Bid process is on, mention of details of such 

scheme(s) must be made explicitly in the offer.  

5.21. The liability as to any damages and/or loss otherwise to any movable or immovable 

properties, assets during loading, unloading or otherwise during the period of supply, 

whether knowingly or unknowingly done or occurred shall be made good forthwith to the 

SMC by the Awardee agency upon a communication made therefore.  

5.22. The contract shall be governed by the Laws in India and shall be subject to the jurisdiction 

of Surat. 

5.23. Bid once filled in, submitted shall not be allowed to be withdrawn till the validity of the bid 

remains in force or else the EMD shall be liable for forfeiture. The agency is expected to 

examine the Bid Document carefully. Failure to furnish all information required as per the 

Bid Document may result in the rejection of the bid. 

5.24. The agency will be bound by the details furnished by him/her to SMC, while submitting the 

bid or at subsequent stage. In case, any of such documents furnished by the agency is found 

to be false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract making 

him/her liable to legal action besides termination of contract. 

5.25. On commissioning of the product, the successful agency shall ensure maximum uptime for 

the product/service during warranty period. The call must be attended within 4 working 

hours and problem to be resolved within 8 working hours of reporting by either repairing 

or replacing the Switch/Hardware with same or higher configuration in case of product 

replacement is required. Failing which a penalty as per below mentioned rate will be 

deducted from the amount payable and/or security deposit for each day of downtime 

Delay >8 Hrs. to 3 working days Penalty at 0.5% of the product cost per day 

Delay beyond 3 working days Penalty at 1% of the product cost per day 

If any component/equipment gives continuous trouble, the bidder shall replace the same 

with the new compatible component/equipment of the same or higher configuration 

without any additional cost to the purchaser 

5.26. All goods to be supplied shall be of specified or higher speed/technology/version. The SMC 

or its representative shall have the right (if it so desires) to test the goods to ascertain their 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 19 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

conformity to the specifications. The SMC shall notify to the agency for this purpose & 

nature. 

5.27. Terms of Payment: SMC will not make any advance payment. Payment will be made once 

the ordered products are delivered and installed. The Security Deposit will be released only 

after the successful completion of the minimum warranty period of five years.  

 90% in 15 days of Full Supply. 

 2.5 % on completion of 1st year of warranty. 

 2.5 % on completion of 2nd year of warranty. 

 2.5 % on completion of 3nd year of warranty. 

 2.5 % on completion of 4th year of warranty. 

5.28. Municipal Commissioner, SMC reserves the right to reject, accept any/all bid(s) without 

assigning any reason thereof. 

5.29. The participation in the online tendering process implies that the bidder have thoroughly 

read, studied and understood the instructions of the Bid documents, Scope of work, formats 

as well as the terms and conditions referred there in and the same are acceptable to the 

bidder. 

5.30. The agency will be bound by the details furnished by him/her to SMC, while submitting the 

tender or at subsequent stage. In case, any of such documents furnished by the agency is 

found to be false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract 

making him/her liable to legal action besides termination of contract. 

5.31. The total penalty could be up to 10% of the Consideration of Contract and the decision of 

the SMC shall be treated as final in such cases.  

5.32. Consortium or JV or Sub-contracting  

The Bidder is NOT allowed to form Consortium or Joint Venture for any specific service 

within the scope of the tender. Sub-contracting is also NOT be permitted. 

5.33. If it is found that the same firm has submitted multiple bids under different names for the 

proposed contract, all such tender(s) shall stand rejected and bid deposit of each such 

firm/establishment shall be forfeited. In addition, such firms/establishments shall be liable, 

at the discretion of the Municipal Commissioner, SMC for further penal action including 

blacklisting. 

5.34. The bidder shall indemnify SMC from and against any costs, loss, damages, expense, claims 

including those from third parties or liabilities of any kind howsoever suffered, arising or 

incurred inter alia during and after the Contract period out of: 

 any negligence or wrongful act or omission by the bidder or any third party associated 

with bidder in connection with or incidental to this Contract; or 

 any breach of terms as stated in the bid document, the bidder’s Bid and the Contract 

with the bidder 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 20 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 Any infringement of patent, trademark/copyright or industrial design rights arising from 

the use of the supplied goods and related services or any part thereof. 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 21 

 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp  

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

6. Technical (minimum) Specification  

 The Bidder may participate in the bid by quoting for one, more or all the items depending 

on his techno-commercial capability to supply & support that range of products. Bidders 

are required to mention make & Model of the product. 

 The bidder can quote only one option (i.e. only one product can be quoted) against each 

item meeting or exceeding the below mentioned minimum specification.  

 The bidder must clearly specify the features of the offered product vis-à-vis specification 

and deviation if any in the Column-C and Column-D respectively.  

 The exact make and model of the product offered must be specified in the Column-E. 

 The technical spec sheet and the product brochure of the product offered should also be 

submitted along with technical bid.  

 In case the space provided is not sufficient then a separate paper as per the format below 

can be annexed to the bid.  The same must be duly signed and stamped.  

 The Technical Specification Sheet must be submitted separately on OEM’s letter head (for 

Item-1 & Item-2) as well as on Bidder’s letter head (for all items).  The same must be duly 

signed and stamped by authorized person of respective entity. 

Item 
No. 

Description and Minimum Specification Matched/ 
[Yes/No] 

Deviation 
from 

Specification 
/Remarks  

if Any 

Specify 
Make 
and 

Model  

A B C D E 

1.  24 Port all gigabit Web Managed Switch [Cisco or HP make]  
[Required Quantity-30] 

Ports 

 Minimum 24 x RJ-45 auto-

Sensing/negotiating 10/100/1000 ports (IEEE 

802.3 Type 10BASE-T, IEEE 802.3u Type 

100BASE-TX, and IEEE 802.3ab Type 

1000BASE-T).  

 
  

 Minimum 2 x 1000 BASE-X SFP Fiber & 

1000BASE-T ports combination (RJ45 & Fiber 

ports Combination).   

 
  

 Auto-negotiation for speed, duplex mode and 

flow control & Manual for 10M 

Half/Full/100M Half/Full. 

 
  

 Auto-MDI/MDIX.    



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 22 

 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp  

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 IEEE 802.3X flow control.    

 Integrated LEDs for improved visual 

monitoring and analysis. 

   

Administrative Switch Management  

 Must have IEEE 802.1Q Static & Trunk VLAN 

(4096 VLAN IDs) & Port-based VLAN. 

   

 Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) to support 

standard IEEE 802.1D STP, IEEE 802.1w Rapid 

Spanning Tree Protocol (RSTP) for faster 

convergence, and IEEE 802.1s Multiple 

Spanning Tree Protocol (MSTP). 

   

 SNMPv1, v2c, and v3 Configuration and 

management. 

   

 IEEE 802.3ad Link Aggregation Control 

Protocol (LACP). 

   

 IPv6 Host, Management, multicast and QoS.    

 Built-in switch Web-based GUI configuration 

utility for easy browser-based device 

configuration (HTTP/HTTPS) which Supports 

configuration, system dashboard, system 

maintenance, and monitoring. 

   

 Local password and restricted IP addresses for 

secure access to the switch. 

   

 Layer 3 IPv4 and IPv6 static Routing.    

 Provision of Dual flash images to provide 

independent primary and secondary 

operating system files for backup while 

upgrading. 

   

 Intuitive web interface to upload/download 

the Switch software to the switch.  

   

 Intuitive web interface to upload/download 

Configurations to and from the switch. 

   

 Availability of Port statistics through industry-

standard RMON 

   

 Jumbo frame support for packets.    

 Broadcast storm control to help eliminate 

network traffic storms.  
  

 Must have Network traffic filtering and 

network control using MAC and IP Binding 

based ACLs & Time based ACLs. 

 
  



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 23 

 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp  

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 Inbuilt Feature of Dynamic Host Configuration 

Protocol (DHCP) Sever which simplifies the 

management of large IP networks and 

supports client and server system. (Optional) 

   

Warranty:  

Minimum 5 Years OEM Direct/Back to back 

Comprehensive Warranty with parts, modules, 

software and minimum 1 Year OEM 8x5 technical 

support. 

   

Chassis: 1U, rack-mounting kit included    

Power: Power supply  AC 230 V ( 50/60 Hz )    

2.  24 Port Web Managed Switch [Cisco or HP make]  
[Required Quantity-190] 

 Ports 

 24 x RJ-45 auto-negotiating 10/100 ports (IEEE 

802.3 Type 10BASE-T, IEEE 802.3u Type 

100BASE-TX). 

   

 Minimum 2 x 1000 BASE-X SFP Fiber & 

1000BASE-T ports combination (RJ45 & Fiber 

ports Combination).   

   

 Auto-negotiation for speed, duplex mode and 

flow control & Manual for 10M Half/Full 100M 

Half/Full. 

   

 Auto-MDI/MDIX.    

 IEEE 802.3X flow control.    

 Integrated LEDs for improved visual 

monitoring and analysis. 

   

Administrative Switch Management  

 Must have IEEE 802.1Q Static & Trunk VLAN 

(4096 VLAN IDs) & Port-based VLAN. 

   

 Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) to support 

standard IEEE 802.1D STP, IEEE 802.1w Rapid 

Spanning Tree Protocol (RSTP) for faster 

convergence, and IEEE 802.1s Multiple 

Spanning Tree Protocol (MSTP). 

   

 IEEE 802.3ad Link Aggregation Control 

Protocol (LACP). 

   

 IPv6 Host, Management, multicast and QoS.    

 SNMPv1, v2c, and v3.    



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 24 

 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp  

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 Built-in switch Web-based GUI configuration 

utility for easy browser-based device 

configuration (HTTP/HTTPS) which Supports 

configuration, system dashboard, system 

maintenance, and monitoring. 

   

 Local password and restricted IP addresses for 

secure access to the switch. 

   

 Layer 3 IPv4 and IPv6 static Routing.    

 Provision of Dual flash images to provide 

independent primary and secondary operating 

system files for backup while upgrading. 

   

 Intuitive web interface to upload/download 

the Switch software to the switch.  

   

 Intuitive web interface to upload/download 

Configurations to and from the switch. 

   

 Availability of Port statistics through industry-

standard RMON 

   

 Jumbo frame support for packets.    

 Broadcast storm control to help eliminate 

network traffic storms. 

   

 Must have Network traffic filtering and 

network control using MAC and IP-Binding 

based ACLs & Time based ACLs. 

   

 Warranty: Minimum 5 Years OEM Direct/Back 

to back Comprehensive Warranty with parts, 

modules, software and minimum 1 Year OEM 

8x5 technical support 

   

 Chassis: 1U, rack-mounting kit included    

 Power: Power supply  AC 230 V ( 50/60 Hz )    

3.  9U Wall Mount Network Rack (Valrack, APC, Rittal, Netrack, 
APW President make) 

[Required Quantity-220] 
Rack Size   

    

- 9U Wall mount  

- Lock & key with glass door at front 

- Powder coated Steel cabinet  

Accessories  

-1 Cooling Fan  

-1 Cable Manager 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 25 

 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp  

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

-1 Equipment placement tray 

-5 Socket Power Strip 

Warranty: 

Min. 5 Years comprehensive warranty with parts 

like FAN, Power Strip 

 

 

 

Place :  Signature of Authorized Person : 

Date :  Designation :  

Company stamp :  Name :  



 

 

 

 
 
 

Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) 

 

 

Bid for 

Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration  

Of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

 

ANNEXURES TO TECHNICAL BID 

 
 
 

Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

April 04, 2018 

 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of  

EMD, Bid Fee  

April 11, 2018 
 
 
 
 

Information Systems Department (ISD)  

Surat Municipal Corporation 

Muglisara, Surat-395003 

 

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 27 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipment 

 

7. ANNEXURES TO TECHNICAL BID 

All the documents listed below shall be annexed to the bid in the prescribed formats along 

with the necessary supporting documents to ascertain the claims made by the bidder. 

A. Bidder’s Details 

1 Details of responding firm/company 

a.  Name of the Bidder/Supplier  

b.  Address  

c.  Telephone  Fax:  

d.  Website  

e.  Are you a Manufacturer / 

Authorized dealer / Sub 

dealer / Any other  

 

f.  Income Tax Number [PAN]  

g.  Goods & Service Tax (GST) 

No. 

 

2 Information about responding firm / Company 

a.  Address of Head 

Quarter/Head Office 

 

 

 

b.  Address of Registered Office 

 

 

 

 

 

c.  Main Office in Gujarat  

 

 

 

d.  Office in Surat  

 

 

 

e.  No. of years of operation in 

India 

 

f.  Turnover (figures as per last 

three audited balance sheets 

are to be provided) 

Yr.-1 (20___-___)  

Yr.-2 (20___-___)  

Yr.-3 (20___-___)  

3 Details of Contact Person 

a.  Name   

b.  Designation  

c.  Address  

d.  Telephone No.  



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 28 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments  SMC 
 

 

e.  Mobile No.  

f.  Fax No.  

g.  E-mail  

4 Details of Authorized Signatory 

a.  Name   

b.  Designation  

c.  Address  

d.  Telephone No.  

e.  Mobile No.  

f.  Fax No.  

g.  E-mail  

5 Forum of Business (Select appropriate option and provide the Registration Details along 

with attested copies of certificates)  

# Forum of Business Yes/ 

No 

 

Registration Details 

(submit attested copies 

of certificates) 

Validity Date 

h.  Sole Proprietor? 

(Registration Number under 

Shops and Establishment 

Act.) 

   

i.  Hindu Undivided Family?     

j.  Partnership Firm?     

k.  Public Limited Company 

under The Companies Act? 

   

l.  Private Limited Company 

under The Companies Act? 

   

m.  State Govt. owned 

Undertaking/ Corporation / 

Enterprise? 

   

n.  Central Govt. owned 

Undertaking/ Corporation / 

Enterprise? 

   

o.  Co-operative Society?    

p.  Association of Persons?    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 29 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments  SMC 
 

 

B. Information of Authorized Signatory / Contact Person 

 

Name  Recent Passport Size 

Photograph 

 

Address   

 

 

 

Phone No.  

Fax No.  

Signature Mobile No.  

Email  

Capacity/Designation Web Address  

 

Name  Recent Passport Size 

Photograph 

 

Address   

 

 

 

Phone No.  

Fax No.  

Signature Mobile No.  

Email  

Capacity/Designation Web Address  

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 30 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments  SMC 
 

 

C. Authorization Letter from OEM 

FORM – A 
 (To be submitted on OEM’s letterhead duly signed by its Authorized signatory) 

Date: 

 

To  

The Deputy Commissioner, 

Surat Municipal Corporation, 

Mugalisara, Surat- 395 003. 

 

Sub : Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018]– Authorization Letter from OEMs 

Ref : Tender No: <No> Dated <DD/MM/YYYY> 

Dear Sir/ Madam, 

We _______________________, (name and address of the manufacturer) who are established and reputed 

manufacturers of __________________ having factories at __________________ (addresses of manufacturing / 

development locations) do hereby authorize M/s _______________________ (name and address of the bidder) 

to bid, negotiate and conclude the contract with you against the above mentioned tender for below 

mentioned equipment manufactured / developed by us.  

Sr. No. Product Name Make & Model 

1 24 Port Web Managed Switch   

2 24 Port all gigabit Web Managed Switch   

3 9U Wall Mount Network Rack   

 

We herewith certify that the above mentioned equipment / products are neither end of sale nor end of 

the life nor end of support and we hereby undertake to support these equipments till the successful 

completion of Warranty Period for five years from date of delivery/supply. 

 

Yours faithfully,  

 

(Signature of the Authorized Signatory  

from OEM) 

Name 

Designation 

Seal. 

Date: 

Place: 

Business Address: 

 

(Signature of the Authorized Signatory 

from Bidder) 

Name 

Designation 

Seal. 

Date: 

Place: 

Business Address: 

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 31 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments  SMC 
 

 

D. Self-Declaration 

FORM – B 

Performa of Compliance letter 
(To be submitted on Bidder’s letterhead duly signed by Authorized signatory) 

To  

The Deputy Commissioner, 

Surat Municipal Corporation, 

Mugalisara, Surat- 395 003..  

Sub: Compliance with the bid terms and conditions, specifications and Eligibility Criteria 

Ref: Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

 

Dear Sir, 

With reference to above referred bid, I, undersigned <<Name of Signatory>>, in the capacity of 

<<Designation of Signatory>>, is authorized to give the undertaking on behalf of <<Name of the 

bidder>>. 

I/We the undersigned, hereby submit our proposal along with the necessary documents. The 

information/documents furnished along with the above application are true and authentic to the best of 

my/our knowledge and belief. I / we, am / are well aware of the fact that furnishing of any false information 

/ fabricated document would lead to rejection of my tender at any stage besides liabilities towards 

prosecution under appropriate law. 

I/We have thoroughly & carefully read, studied and understood the Bid documents and Addenda and 

Corrigenda (if any) including the technical specification, terms and conditions, instructions, etc. referred 

there in and the same are acceptable to our company. 

We hereby confirm that all our quoted items meet or exceed the requirement and are absolutely 

compliant with specifications mentioned in the bid document, moreover the items bided are not end of 

life items. . 

We hereby confirm that all the components/parts/assembly/software which we shall supply on award of 

contract shall be original new components /parts/assembly/software from respective OEMs of the 

products and that no refurbished/duplicate/ second hand components/parts/ assembly / software shall 

be used. 

We also explicitly understand that all quoted items meet technical specification of the bid & that such 

technical specification overrides the brochures/standard literature if the same contradicts or is absent in 

brochures. 

I/We also state that our company is not black-listed / debarred by any of the Government or Public Sector 

Units in India as on the date of the submission of the tender 

Further, I/we agree to abide by all the terms and conditions as mentioned in the bid document without 

any condition(s). We have also noted that SMC reserves the right to consider/ reject any or all bids without 

assigning any reason thereof. 

In case of breach of any tender terms and conditions or deviation from bid specification other than already 

specified as mentioned above, the decision of SMC for disqualification will be accepted by us. 

Thanking you, 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 32 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments  SMC 
 

 

 

For 

<<Name of the bidder>> 

<<Authorized Signatory>> 

<<Stamp of the bidder>> 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 33 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipment 

 

 

 

 
 
 

Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) 

 

 

Bid for 

Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration  

Of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

 
 

Price Bid 
 
 
 

Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

April 04, 2018 
 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of  

EMD, Bid Fee  

April 11, 2018 
 
 
 
 

Information Systems Department (ISD)  

Surat Municipal Corporation 

Muglisara, Surat-395003 

 

 

 



 
Surat Municipal Corporation 34 

 

 

Duly Sign & Stamp  Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

PRICE BID 
 [Note: Must be submitted online, not to be sent physically] 

# Description and Specification of Buy Back Items (Unused) Make, Model Qty. Unit Rate 

exclusive of 

all taxes 

GST 

(%) 

Amount inclusive of all GST 

(In words & numbers) 

A B C D E F G=D*(E + (E*(F/100)) 

1 24 Port Web Managed Switch   190    

2 24 Port all gigabit Web Managed Switch   30    

3 9U Wall Mount Network Rack   220    

Note: Bidders have to filled "0" in "Unit Rate exclusive of all taxes" and “GST” column in case bidders do not want to quote particular item/items. 

   

Note: 
1. The rates (Quoted in Unit Rate Column) should be exclusive of all taxes. The applicable GST should be quoted separately in GST column in Price Bid. 
2. The taxes at prevailing rate will be considered for payment purpose.   


