



















































Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 1 of 32 
 

Form No. DPS-P-102 

 

भारत सरकार   
GOVERNMENT OF INDIA 

परमाणु ऊर्ाा विभाग   
DEPARTMENT OF ATOMIC ENERGY 

क्रय एिं भंडार विदशेालय   
DIRECTORATE OF PURCHASE & STORES 

 

INVITATION TO TENDER 

 

The Director, Purchase and Stores, Directorate of Purchase and Stores Department 

of Atomic Energy, Government of India, for and on behalf of President of India, invites 

online tenders for supply of stores as detailed in the Purchaser‟s Tender Specifications. 

Tendering conditions are given in Section - A and conditions of contract which will govern 

the contract pursuant to tender are as contained in Form No. DPS P-100 which is provided 

in Section B of this tender document. If you are interested to quote, please go through the 

contents of this document particularly the tendering conditions and ensure that quotation is 

submitted online on or before the due date and time indicated. 

You are requested to upload your quotation online as per technical specifications 

indicated herein and scanned copy of duly signed and stamped undertaking as per                

Form 102A appended. 

Hard copy of tender will not be accepted. 

Yours faithfully, 

Assistant Purchase Officer/ Purchase Officer 

for and on behalf of the President of India (The Purchaser) 

 

  



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 2 of 32 
 

SECTION – A 

TENDERING CONDITIONS 

1 Tendering Conditions (Common for bids in INR or other 

currency) 

2 MANNER AND METHOD FOR SUBMISSION OF TENDERS  

2.1 Tenders will not be considered unless it is received online.  

3 PRICE  

3.1 The prices quoted must be FIRM and preference will be given to such tenders. 

3.2 In exceptional cases (e.g. items involving substantial use of raw materials 

susceptible to sharp fluctuations in prices) if prices quoted subject to variation 

it shall be on the basis of a standard Price Variation Formula. The basis for 

calculation shall be very clearly stated. The responsibility for furnishing the 

documentary evidence for price variation lies with the vendor. Preference will 

be given to the tenders with a specific ceiling on escalation. 

4 CONDITIONAL DISCOUNT  

4.1 In case the vendor offers any conditional discount with regard to acceptance of 

their offer within a specific period or specific payment terms, delivery, 

quantity, etc., the Purchaser will not take into consideration such conditional 

discount while evaluating their offer.  

5 VALIDITY OF TENDER  

5.1 Offers shall be valid for a minimum period of 90 days from the date of 

opening of the tender.  

6 DELIVERY SCHEDULE  

6.1 The vendor shall indicate realistic delivery period for supply of the stores 

tendered.  Delivery period quoted should be strictly adhered to.    

7 TEST CERTIFICATE  

7.1 Wherever the tests and test certificates are required by the Purchaser, the same 

shall be conducted/furnished by the Contractor without any extra cost.    

8 TENDER OPENING  

8.1 Tenders after opening can be viewed by participating vendors online.  

9 ADHERENCE TO PURCHASER‟S TENDERING AND CONTRACT 

CONDITIONS  

9.1 Printed, cyclostyled or such terms and conditions of the vendors not appearing 

on the body of quotation will not be considered as part of their quotation. 

Vendors shall quote on the basis of „Invitation to Tender, Tendering and 

Contract Conditions‟.  

10 DECLARATION OF HOLIDAY  

10.1 If the date(s) specified for receipt and opening of the tenders is/are declared as 

holidays abruptly by the competent authority due to any administrative 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 3 of 32 
 

reasons, then the due date(s) for receipt/opening of tenders will get postponed 

automatically to the next working day. 

11 CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE CONTRACT  

11.1 It must be clearly understood that any contract pursuant to this Invitation to 

Tender shall be governed by the General Conditions of Contract/Special 

Conditions of Contract for supply of stores contained in Form No. DPS-P-100, 

which is appended at page 17. Special care must therefore be taken by the 

vendor to go through the General Conditions of Contract / Special Conditions 

of Contract and in exceptional case, if any deviations are sought for, these 

must be clearly stated in the tender in a separate annexure to the tender form.    

12 INSTALLATION AND COMMISSIONING  

12.1 Wherever the Purchaser‟s invitation to tender calls for installation and 

commissioning or supervision of installation and commissioning of the 

instrument/equipment by the vendor, the vendor must clearly and separately 

quote prices for supply of the stores and charges and the terms for installation 

and commissioning or supervision of installation and commissioning as the 

case may be. The charges towards installation and commissioning should not 

be included in the price of the stores (charges towards installation and 

commissioning or supervision of installation and commissioning should be 

quoted at the appropriate place in price bid).  

12.2 In respect of contracts involving installation and commissioning by the 

overseas supplier where identifiable charges for the same has been quoted by 

the vendor, he shall bear the Income Tax liability as per the rates prevailing at 

the time of undertaking the job in accordance with the Income Tax Act in 

force in India, which at present is 20% on the installation and commissioning 

charges.  

12.3 When the scope of the contract includes installation and commissioning, it 

shall be the sole responsibility of the contractor to undertake the installation 

and commissioning as and when called for, by the Purchaser.  

13 OFFERS FROM INDIAN AGENTS ON BEHALF OF FOREIGN 

SUPPLIERS  

13.1 In case the tender is submitted by an Indian Supplier/Indian Agent on behalf 

of the foreign Supplier/Principal, following documents should be submitted 

with the tender, failing which their offer is liable to be ignored:-  

13.2 Photocopy of the Agency Agreement between the Principal and the Indian 

Agent showing the percentage or the quantum of agency commission payable 

and a letter of authority from the Principal authorising the Indian agent to 

submit the tender on their behalf.  

13.3 Type and nature of after sales service to be rendered by the Indian Agent.    

13.4 Indian Agents are allowed to quote on behalf of only one foreign 

Principal/Supplier against this tender.  

13.5 Acceptance of the offer will, however, be communicated only to the foreign 

Principals directly.  

 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 4 of 32 
 

14 PAST PERFORMANCE  

14.1 In case the past performance of the vendor with regard to quality, delivery, 

warranty obligation and fulfillment of terms and conditions of the contract is 

not found to be satisfactory their offer is liable to be rejected by the Purchaser.    

15 CAPACITY & FINANCIAL STANDING  

15.1 In case it is found that the vendor does not possess the requisite infrastructure, 

capacity, capability and their financial standing is not satisfactory, such tender 

is liable to be rejected by the Purchaser.  

16 EXPORT PERMISSION  

16.1 It is entirely the responsibility of the supplier who is quoting for materials of 

foreign origin to ensure obtaining export permission/licence/authorisation as 

required from the respective Government before arranging shipment. This 

Department would not accept post supply inspection by any agency/authority 

of any foreign country.  It is therefore necessary that the vendors offering 

materials from foreign countries shall have a thorough knowledge of the 

export control regulations in vogue in those countries.  

16.2 The vendors shall indemnify the Purchaser against any consequences in 

respect of any end use declaration they/their overseas Principals may furnish 

to the Government/licensing agencies of the country of origin of the material 

while seeking export permission/license. Post supply inspection, contrary to 

the terms and conditions of Purchaser‟s contract shall be deemed to be null 

and void.  

17 END  USER  STATEMENT  

17.1 We hereby certify that the item/s ………………………………………being 

procured from M/s……………………………………against our Purchase Order 

No…………………………………………dated………….will be used for 

…………….......... . 

 We also certify that the item/s will not be used in designing, developing, 

fabricating or testing of any chemical, biological, nuclear or weapons of mass 

destruction or activity related to it.   

 It is further certified that we will not re-export this item/s prior to obtaining 

permission from the concerned authority as may be required. 

18 COUNTRY OF ORIGIN  

18.1 Wherever the tenders are for imported stores, the country of origin and name 

and address of the manufacturer of the stores offered for supply must be 

specified in the offer.  

19 Restricted information categorised under section 18 of the atomic energy act, 

1962 and under section 5 of the official secrets act, 1923.  

19.1 Any contravention of the abovementioned provision by the Contractor, Sub-

Contractor, Consultant, Advisor or the Employees of the Contractor will invite 

penal consequences under the aforesaid legislation.  

20 Prohibition against use of the name of any institution of the department of 

atomic energy without permission for publicity purpose  



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 5 of 32 
 

20.1 The Contractor or Sub-Contractor, Consultant, Advisor or the Employees 

engaged by the Contractor shall not use the name of any Institution of the 

Department of Atomic Energy for any publicity purpose through any public 

media like Press, Radio, TV or Internet without the prior written approval of 

the Purchaser.  

21 CONFIDENTIALITY 

21.1 Drawings, specifications, prototypes, samples or any other correspondence/ 

details/information provided by the Purchaser relating to the tender or the 

contract shall be kept confidential by the contractor, and should not be 

disclosed or passed on to any other person/firm without the prior written 

consent of the Purchaser. This clause shall apply to the sub-contractors, 

consultants, advisers or the employees engaged by the contractor.  

22 COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITY REQUIREMENT OF THE 

PURCHASER  

22.1 Contractor shall strictly comply with the security rules and regulations of the 

Purchaser in force and shall complete the required formalities including 

verification from Police and any other authority and obtain necessary prior 

permission for entry into the Purchaser‟s premises wherever authorised by the 

Purchaser.  

23 RESULT OF THE TENDERS  

23.1 Unsuccessful vendors will not be informed of the result of their tenders. The 

vendor can view status of tender processing on the portal.  

24 Liability  

24.1 Vendors shall be liable for any damage to the purchaser or any third party out 

of any patent or latent defect in the goods supplied by him or sub-standard 

services rendered by him.  

25 SPARES AND ACCESSORIES  

25.1 Offers for Plant/Machinery/Equipment/Instrument shall also state prices for 

essential accessories, optional accessories and spares necessary for satisfactory 

operation of the Plant/Machinery/Equipment/Instrument, as specified in the 

tender:- 

25.1.1 Required for a period of two years, and 

25.1.2 Required for a period of five years.  

26 PURCHASER‟S RIGHT  

26.1 The Purchaser shall be under no obligation to accept the lowest or any other 

tender and shall be entitled to accept or reject any tender in part or full without 

assigning any reasons whatsoever. 

27 Tendering Conditions for bids in INR only  

27.1 Prices quoted by the vendor should include all charges involved for direct and 

safe-delivery of the stores to the consignee/place of delivery indicated in the 

tender document.  If a vendor so desires, separate lump-sum charges for safe-

delivery of the stores to the consignee/purchaser‟s site, could be furnished.  

However, the purchaser reserves the right to call for break-up.   The purchaser 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 6 of 32 
 

will neither undertake responsibility for transit insurance nor pay for it 

separately.  

27.2 In respect of tenders on Ex-works basis, in case the vendor has not mentioned 

in the offer packing, forwarding and transportation charges for safe delivery 

up to Purchaser‟s site, 2% of the price quoted towards packing (in respect of 

both local and outstation firms), 1% of the basic price quoted towards safe 

delivery charges in respect of local vendor and 3% of the basic price quoted 

towards safe delivery charges in respect of outstation firm will be added for 

comparison of offers on safe door delivery at Purchaser‟s site.  

27.3 The stores shall neither be despatched under „owner‟s risk‟ nor consigned to 

„self ‟, but only to the consignee‟s name and address indicated in the Purchase 

Order.  Non-adherence to this condition shall make the contractor liable to 

bear all consequential penalties/expenses such as demurrage, wharfage, etc. 

which the Purchaser may incur.  

27.4 The consignee will, as soon as possible, but not later than 45 days from the 

date of arrival of stores at destination notify the contractor of any loss or 

damage to the stores that may have occurred during transit to enable the 

contractor to repair/rectify the defects/damages or replace the goods as is 

appropriate, free of all charges. In case it is desired by the contractor for 

returning of the material to them all expenses towards transportation etc. will 

be borne by the supplier and also will furnish bank guarantee towards the cost 

of material.  

27.5 In case an Indian supplier /Agent furnishes an offer for supply of out-rightly  

imported stores, the price of such stores shall be quoted in Indian Rupees for 

delivery to the consignee‟s premises exclusive of import duties and on firm 

price  basis.  However, the percentage/quantum of all import duties payable 

should be quoted separately for consideration of the purchaser wherever 

necessary.  The import duties will be reimbursed by the purchaser against 

supporting documentary evidence.  

28 STATUTORY LEVIES  

28.1 EXCISE DUTY 

28.1.1 If it is desired to ask for excise duty or any other statutory levies and charges 

as extra, the same must be specifically stated and shown separately.  In the 

absence of any such statement no claim for the same will be entertained. 

(Where the excise duty is leviable on ad valorem basis, the vendor should 

submit along with the tender, the Form-I and the Manufacturer‟s Price List 

wherever applicable, showing the actual assessable value of the stores as 

approved  by the Excise authorities).  

28.1.2 The Purchases meant for the Research Institutions under the administrative 

control of the Department of Atomic Energy, are entitled for Excise Duty 

Exemption as per Notification No. 10/97-Central Excise dated 1.3.1997.  

Necessary Excise Duty Exemption Certificate will be provided by the 

Purchaser after placement of the order prior to despatch of the material.  

28.1.3 Since this Directorate handles purchases for both Research Institutions and 

Industrial Units under the Department of Atomic Energy, the vendors should 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 7 of 32 
 

not include the excise duty in the quoted price.  They should however quote 

separately the percentage or quantum of excise duty applicable.  

28.1.4 Excise Duty Exemption Certificate will be issued only in favour of the 

Contractor with whom the purchase order is placed for the end product and not 

in favour of any third party. However, in case the offer is received from a sole-

selling agent of the original equipment manufacturer for which documentary 

proof should be submitted, issue of excise duty exemption certificate in favour 

of the original equipment manufacturer can be considered provided such 

request is made in the original offer.  

28.1.5 Excise duty exemption certificate will not be issued for raw materials or 

components or any other intermediary materials going into manufacture of the 

end product.  

28.1.6 If a vendor is availing CENVAT credit facility, this fact should be clearly 

indicated in the tender. In the event of supply being made for R&D Unit for 

the item as per Notification No. 10/97-Central Excise dated 1.3.1997 claim for 

reversal of CENVAT if any should also be brought out in the tender itself 

separately.    Any request for the same will not be considered at a later stage.    

28.1.7 Wherever excise duty is payable in respect of requirements for industrial units 

under the Department of Atomic Energy, excise duty will be reimbursed only 

against submission of original buyer‟s copy of Invoice/Invoice-cum-Challan 

duly signed by the authorized representative of the company with details 

relating to payment of excise duty to Government duly filled in.  

28.1.8 Irrespective of issue of Excise Duty Exemption Certificate, for the purpose of 

comparison of the offers, the Purchaser will take into account excise duty as 

normally applicable unless the vendor is specifically exempted from payment 

of excise duty under any other notification which fact should be clearly 

brought out in the tender.    

28.1.9 The vendor shall be solely responsible for the declaration regarding excise 

duty made in his offer and shall indemnify the purchaser from any claim or its 

liability from the excise authorities at any stage.  

28.1.10 In case of vendors quoting excise duty as „nil‟, it will be taken that in the event 

of an order no excise duty shall be payable during the currency of the contract 

and the purchaser will not entertain any request for admission of excise duty 

or issue of excise duty exemption certificate under any circumstances.  

28.1.11 In case of the vendors quoting Excise Duty „nil at present‟ or „not applicable 

at present’, for the purpose of comparison of their offers, the purchaser will 

take into account the Excise Duty as normally applicable.  

28.1.12 Please note that in case any refund of excise duty is granted to the Contractor 

by Excise Authorities in respect of stores supplied under the contract, they 

shall pass on the credit to the purchaser immediately along with a certificate 

from their Director/Manager/Proprietor/ Accountant to the effect that the 

credit so passed on relates to the excise duty / originally paid for the stores 

supplied under the contract.  In case of their failure to do so within 10 days of 

the issue of the excise duty refund orders to them by the Excise Authorities, 

the purchaser would be empowered to deduct a sum equivalent to the amount 

refunded by the Excise authorities without any further reference to the 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 8 of 32 
 

contractor, from any of their outstanding bills against this or any other pending 

Government Contracts and that no dispute on this account would be raised by 

the contractor.  

28.1.13 Wherever the Excise Duty is claimed and admitted, the vendor is required to 

furnish to the Paying Authority the following certificates:-  

28.1.13.1 Certificate with each bill to the effect that no refund has been obtained in 

respect of the reimbursement of Excise Duty made to Contractor during three 

months immediately preceding the date of the claim covered by the relevant 

bill.  

28.1.13.2 Contractor‟s/Supplier‟s Auditor‟s certificates as to whether any refunds have 

been obtained or applied for by them or not in the preceding financial year, 

after the annual audit of their accounts, also indicating details of such refunds 

application, if any.  This certificate should contain reference to all Purchaser 

Orders/Contracts held by the Suppliers/Contractors.  

28.1.13.3 A certificate ALONG WITH THE FINAL PAYMENT BILL of the firm to the 

effect whether or not they have any appeal/protest for refund or partial refund 

of Excise Duties already reimbursed to the firm by the Government pending 

with the Excise Authorities and if so, the nature, the amount involved and 

position of such appeals.  This certificate should be signed by the Contractor‟s 

/ Supplier‟s Managing Director / Manager / Accountant.  

28.1.13.4 AN UNDERTAKING to the effect that in case it is detected by the 

Government at any time that any refund from Excise Authorities was obtained 

by the Contractor/Supplier after obtaining reimbursement from the Paying 

Authority and if the same is not immediately refunded by the 

Contractor/Supplier to the Paying Authority giving details and particulars of 

the transaction, Paying Authority will have full authority to recover such 

amounts from the Contractor‟s/Supplier‟s outstanding bills against that 

particular contract or any other pending Government contracts and that no 

dispute on this account would be raised by the supplier.  

28.2 VAT / Central Sales Tax/ Goods and Service Tax  

28.2.1 VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ Goods and Service Tax where legally leviable and 

intended to be claimed should be distinctly shown separately along with the 

price quoted.  Where this is not done, no claim for VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ 

Goods and Service Tax will be admitted at any later stage and on any ground 

whatsoever.  

28.2.2 When VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ Goods and Service Tax is claimed as extra by 

the Contractor/Supplier in general and on packing charges in particular, the 

following certificates should be submitted by the Suppliers/Contractors to the 

Paying Authority on the bills itself:-  

28.2.2.1 Certified that the goods and packing charges on which VAT/ Central Sales 

Tax/ Goods and Service Tax has been charged have not been exempted under 

the Central Sales Tax or the State Sales Tax Act or the rules made there-under 

and the amount charged on account of VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ Goods and 

Service Tax on these goods and packing charges are not more than what is 

payable under the provision of relevant Act or the rules there-under.-  



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 9 of 32 
 

28.2.2.2 Certified further that we have actually paid VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ Goods 

and Service Tax and are being assessed to VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ Goods and 

Service Tax on packing charges and also that where there are statutory 

exemption under the Relevant Act/Law of the State Government concerned, we 

have availed ourselves of it and certified non-availability of such a provision 

for VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ Goods and Service Tax on packing charges 

wherever claimed.  

28.2.2.3 Certified further in respect of amount claimed into the bill no claim is pending 

for refund/or admissible.  Certified that in the event of our getting refund in 

whole or in part of the element of VAT/ Central Sales Tax/ Goods and Service 

Tax on packing charges claimed from Government, we shall pass on the 

benefit to the Purchaser by remitting to Government the amount equivalent to 

the amount of refund obtained by us.  

28.2.2.4 Certified further that we _____________(our Branch or agent) ________ 

_________(address) are registered as dealers in the State of _________under 

Local Regn. No. ____________and in the State of _____________ under 

Central Regn. No. _________for the purpose of State/Central Tax. 

(Stamp  & Signature of the Vendor)  

28.3 OCTROI  DUTY  

28.3.1 Wherever place of delivery is Mumbai or any other place where Octroi is 

applicable, department will issue necessary Octroi Duty Exemption Certificate 

against specific indication in the original offer itself and the same will be 

issued only on specific request. Suppliers should quote price exclusive of 

Octroi Duty and the same must be clearly mentioned in the offer. However, 

under no circumstance Octroi duty will be reimbursed or paid in case of any 

claim from suppliers at later stage. It may also be noted that if requirement of 

Octroi Duty Exemption Certificate is not indicated in their original offer, the 

same shall not be issued at a later stage under any circumstances. Irrespective 

of issuing Octroi Duty Exemption Certificate, while evaluating the offers, 

wherever applicable, Octroi Duty will be loaded at the rate applicable. 

28.4 ENTRY TAX  

28.4.1 It will be the responsibility of the vendor/contractor to indicate 

percentage/quantum of entry tax applicable and intention for claiming re-

imbursement of payment of entry tax while submitting bid failing which 

purchaser will not be liable for reimbursement of entry tax under whatsoever 

reason.  Further, purchaser will not be responsible for non-payment of entry 

tax and its resultant consequences.  

28.5 CUSTOMS DUTY  

28.5.1 The Purchaser is entitled for assessment of customs duty at the concessional 

rate as per Customs Notification No. 51/96-Custom dated 23.7.1996 issued by 

the Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, as amended from time to 

time, in respect of purchases made for the Research Institutions under the 

Department of Atomic Energy and the Purchaser will obtain the requisite 

certificate from the appropriate authority and provide to the contractor for 

availing the concessional rate of customs duty.  



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 10 of 32 
 

28.5.2 Since this Directorate handles purchases for both Research Institutions and 

Industrial Units under the Department of Atomic Energy, in case an Indian 

supplier/agent submits an offer for supply of out rightly imported stores in 

Indian Rupees, they should quote price for CIF Port of Destination (like CIF 

Mumbai, CIF Chennai etc.). However, the transit insurance for the same 

should be taken from an Indian Insurance company nominated by the 

purchaser, so as to provide insurance coverage from anywhere in the world to 

anywhere in India. Wherever, against a requirement, both indigenous as well 

as imported offers are received, the offers for imported stores will be 

evaluated on the basis of total landed cost after loading custom duty and other 

levies as may be applicable from time to time for taking purchase decision.  

28.5.3 High Seas sale will not be considered. 

28.5.4 Wherever against a requirement, both indigenous as well as imported offers 

are received, the offers for imported stores will be evaluated on the basis of 

the total landed cost after loading the full customs duty and other levies as 

may be applicable from time to time for taking purchase decision.  

28.5.5 Customs duty exemption certificate will not be issued for raw materials/ 

components or any other intermediary materials going into the manufacture of 

the end product.  

29 FLUCTUATION IN THE EXCISE DUTY/CUSTOMS DUTY  

29.1 Unless otherwise specifically agreed to in terms of the Contract, the purchaser 

shall not be liable for any claim on account of fresh imposition and /or 

increase in Excise Duty, Customs Duty and Sales Tax on raw materials and/or 

components used directly in the manufacture of the contracted stores, taking 

place during the pendency of the contract.  

30 SAMPLES  

30.1 Samples, if called for, shall be submitted free of all charges by the vendor 

indicating Purchaser‟s Tender No. and the Purchaser shall not be responsible 

for the loss or damages thereof due to any reason, whatsoever.  In the event of 

non-acceptance of the offer, the vendor shall collect the samples within a 

reasonable time at own expenses.  Offers without samples are liable to be 

ignored.  

31 QUANTITIES  

31.1 Quantities indicated are approximate only and one or more of the items of the 

stores tendered, or a portion of any one or more of the items of such stores 

may be accepted and the vendor notwithstanding that his Tender has not been 

accepted in whole shall be bound to supply contracted quantity to the 

Purchaser.  

32 AUTHENTICATION  

32.1 In case the vendors are a partnership firm or Joint Hindu Family Concern, they 

shall furnish the names and full particulars of the partners or the members of 

the Joint Hindu Family owning the concern, in a separate sheet to be annexed 

to the tender.  

 The tender must be signed:-  



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 11 of 32 
 

32.1.1 In the event of a sole proprietary concern:  By the sole proprietor or by a 

constituted attorney duly authorised to enter into and sign agreements on 

his/her behalf including agreements to refer disputes arising under or relating 

to such agreements to arbitration by a Power of Attorney signed by the 

proprietor and authenticated by a Notary Public or a Magistrate.  

32.1.2 In the event of a partnership firm:  By all partners or by a constituted attorney 

duly authorised to enter into and sign agreements on behalf of the partnership 

firm including agreements to refer disputes arising under or relating to such 

agreements to arbitration by a Power of Attorney executed under their 

common seal authenticated by a Notary Public or a Magistrate.    

32.1.3 In the event of a Limited Company:  Under the common seal of the company 

or by a constituted attorney duly authorized to enter into and sign agreements 

to refer disputes arising under or relating to such agreements to arbitration by 

a Power of Attorney executed under their common seal authenticated by a 

Notary Public or a Magistrate.  

32.1.4 In the event of a Hindu Joint Family concern: By the Karta of the Joint 

Family.  

32.1.4.1 When the tender is signed by a constituted attorney of the sole proprietor of a 

concern or when the tender is signed on behalf of firms by a constituted 

attorney of its partners as provided in such clause (a) and (b) above, then 

original power of attorney appointing him/her as such constituted attorney 

shall be supplied with the tender or if a tender is executed on behalf of a 

limited company by its constituted attorney as provided in sub-clause (c) 

above, the original power of attorney along with resolution (if it is required 

under its Articles of Association) authorised, the affixation of its common seal 

on the power of attorney and a copy of its Articles of Association shall be 

supplied with the tender.  If however the power of attorney has been 

previously furnished to and approved by the Purchaser, the Contractor need 

not send the same with the tender.  Failure on the part of the Contractor to 

comply with the instruction contained in this clause shall entail rejection of the 

tender.  

32.1.5 A person signing the tender form or any documents forming part of the 

contract on behalf of another shall be deemed to warrant that he/she has 

authority to bind such persons and if, on enquiry or later on, it appears that the 

persons so signing had no authority to do so, the Purchaser may, without 

prejudice to other civil and criminal remedies, cancel the contract and hold the 

signatory liable for all costs and damages.  

33 FREE ISSUE MATERIAL (This clause shall apply only to contracts for 

supply of fabricated equipment with purchaser's Free Issue Materials (FIM). 

33.1 Wherever contracts envisage supply of Free Issue Material (FIM) by the 

Purchaser to the contractor for fabrication of the contracted equipment/stores, 

such Free Issue Material shall be safeguarded by an insurance policy to be 

provided by the contractor at his own cost for the full value of such materials 

and the insurance policy shall cover, the following risks specifically and shall 

be valid for six months beyond the contractual delivery date: 

33.1.1 RISKS TO BE COVERED: Any loss or damage to the Purchaser's materia1s 

due to fire, theft, riot, burglary, strike, civil commotion, terrorist act, natural 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 12 of 32 
 

calamities etc. and any loss or damage arising out of any other causes such as 

other materials falling on purchaser's materials. 

 Insured by :               (Name of the contractor) 

 Beneficiary :    The President of India, acting through 

      The Director, Purchase & Stores 

      Directorate of Purchase & Stores 

      Department of Atomic Energy  

 Amount for which insurance The amount will be indicated in the 

policy to be furnished respective contract. 

33.2 Free Issue Material (FIM) will be issued to the contractor only after receipt of 

the Insurance Policy from the contractor. The contractor shall arrange 

collection of the FIM from the Purchaser's premises and safe transportation of 

the same to his premises at his risk and cost. 

33.3 Notwithstanding the insurance cover taken out by the contractor as above, the 

contractor shall indemnify the Purchaser and keep the Purchaser indemnified 

to the extent of the value of free issue materials to be issued till such time the 

entire contract is executed and proper account for the free issue materials is 

rendered and the left over/surplus and scrap items are returned to the 

Purchaser. The contractor shall not utilize the Purchaser's free issue materials 

for any job other than the one contracted out in this case and also not indulge 

in any act, commission or negligence which will cause/result in any 

loss/damage to the Purchaser and in which case, the contractor shall be liable 

to the Purchaser to pay compensation to the full extent of damage/loss. The 

contractor shall be responsible for the safety of the free issue materials after 

these are received by them and all through the period during which the 

materials remain in their possession/control/custody. The free issue materials 

on receipt at the contractor's works shall be inspected by them for ensuring 

safe and correct receipt of the material. The contractor shall report the 

discrepancies, if any, to the Purchaser within 5 days from the date of receipt of 

the material. The contractor shall take all necessary precautions against any 

loss, deterioration, damage or destruction of the FIMs from whatever cause 

arising whilst the said materials remain in their possession/custody or control. 

The free issue materials shall be inspected periodically at regular intervals by 

the contractor for ensuring safe preservation and storage. The contractor, shall 

also not mix up the materials in question with any other goods and shall render 

true and proper account of the materials actually used and return balance 

remaining unused material on hand and scrap along with the final product and 

if it is not possible within a period of one month from the date of delivery of 

the final product covered by this purchase order. The contractor shall also 

indemnify the Purchaser to compensate the difference in cost between the 

actual cost of the free issue material lost/damaged and the claim settled to the 

Purchaser by the insurance company. The decision of the Director, Purchase & 

Stores, Directorate of Purchase & Stores, Department of Atomic Energy, as to 

whether the contractor has caused any loss, destruction, damage or 

deterioration of the free issue materials while in his possession, custody or 

control from whatever cause arising and also on the quantum of damage 

suffered by the government, shall be final and binding upon the contractor.  

34 PAYMENT TERMS  



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 13 of 32 
 

34.1 Purchaser‟s Standard Payment Terms as specified in Form No. DPS-P-100, 

i.e. the General Conditions of all Contracts governing indigenous supplies are 

full payment after receipt and acceptance of the stores by the Purchaser.    

34.2 In case any of the vendors seek advance or progressive payment prior to 

delivery of the material, such requests can be considered only in exceptional 

cases of large value items, in which case the vendor will be required to furnish 

a bank guarantee for an equivalent amount of the advance/progressive 

payment sought for, valid till the execution of the contract. The bank 

guarantee shall be got executed as per the Purchaser‟s format from State Bank 

of India (SBI) or any of the nationalized bank or private sector banks, namely 

ICICI bank, IDBI bank, HDFC bank and AXIS bank.  

34.3 Besides, the offers of the vendors seeking advance/progressive payment will 

be evaluated by loading 12% interest charges per annum on the amount of 

advance desired up to the delivery period quoted.  

34.4 In case any of the vendors seek pro-rata payment for the stores to be supplied 

they should clearly mention in their offer the maximum number of 

installments of supply. However, such installment delivery and pro-rata 

payment will be considered only in respect of contract involving large value 

and sizeable quantity of the item and the maximum number of installments 

shall be normally restricted to four. Acceptance or otherwise of this condition 

is reserved by the purchaser.  

35 INTEREST FOR DELAY IN SUPPLY BEYOND THE CONTRACTUAL 

DELIVERY DATE  

35.1 Wherever advance payments are sought for by the Contractor and admitted in 

the contract against bank guarantee for equivalent amount, in the event of any 

delay in supply beyond the contractual delivery date for reasons attributable to 

the Contractor interest charges at the rate of 12% shall be levied for the period 

beyond the contractual delivery date on the amount of balance advance 

payment to be adjusted.  

36 PURCHASE PREFERENCE  

36.1 In respect of offers from Central Public Sector Enterprises, they will be 

eligible for purchase preference, if any, when they compete with the Private 

Sector Units as per the policy of the Government of India in force at the time 

of evaluation provided their offer is technically suitable.  

37 PRICE PREFERENCE FOR MICRO & SMALL ENTERPRISES  

37.1 In respect of offers from Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs) registered with 

appropriate Government authorities will be eligible for preferences, as 

admissible at the time opening of tender, when competing with other non-

MSEs as per the policy of Government of India provided their offer is 

technically suitable.  In case of MSE owned by member of Scheduled 

Cast/Scheduled Tribe, it is necessary to submit valid caste/tribal certificate 

issued by appropriate authority for availing the preferences as admissible to 

them as per Government policy in vogue.  Failure to submit required 

document, along with tender, will disqualify the vendor for claiming 

preferences at later date.  

 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 14 of 32 
 

38 SECURITY DEPOSIT  

38.1 In the event of acceptance of an offer, the vendor will be required to submit a 

security deposit in respect of Contract/Order exceeding Rs. 5.00 lakh for 10% 

of the total basic cost of the stores ordered, exclusive of taxes and duties, in 

the form of a bank guarantee valid till at least 2 months beyond the contractual 

date for completion of the Order/Contract. The bank guarantee should be 

executed by SBI/any nationalised bank or private sector banks, namely, ICICI 

bank, IDBI bank, HDFC bank or AXIS bank, on a non-judicial stamp paper of 

appropriate value as per the Purchaser‟s format. 

38.2 Offers wherein vendors declined to submit Security Deposit are liable to be 

rejected.  

39 PRODUCTS WITH ISI MARK  

39.1 Products with ISI mark will be preferred.  

39.2 In respect of following categories of item, Purchaser will consider offers for 

products with ISI mark only:- 

 Fire Extinguisher 
 Building Material 
 PVC Pipes & Fittings 
 Agricultural implements & sprayers 
 Medical instruments such as, syringes, needles, BP apparatus, etc.  

40 PERMANENT ACCOUNT NUMBER  

40.1 The vendors shall submit a true copy of the PAN Card/Letter issued by the 

Income-tax Department, along with the tender, failing which the tenders are 

liable for rejection.  

41 FACTORY REGISTRATION/SHOP & ESTABLISHMENT CERTIFICATE. 

41.1 The vendors shall submit a copy of the Factory Registration/Licence or Shop 

& Establishment Certificate as applicable, along with the tender, failing which 

the tenders are liable for rejection.  

42 BANKER‟S DETAILS  

42.1 The vendor shall furnish the details regarding the name and address of their 

bankers in their offer including NEFT/RTGS details for e-payments. 

43 PUBLIC PROCUREMENT POLICIES 

43.1 Products covered under Public Procurement Policies will be procured as per 

extant rules and guidelines. 

44 Tendering Conditions for bids in currency other than INR 

44.1 Overseas vendors are also eligible to participate in the tender, subject to using 

Digital Signature Certificate / Encryption Certificate obtained from any 

licenced Certifying Authority authorized by Controller of Certifying 

Authority, India. 

44.1.1 How to get a Digital Signature Certificate? 

44.1.1.1 The Office of Controller of Certifying Authorities (CCA), issues Certificate 

only to Certifying Authorities (CA). CA issue Digital Signature Certificate to 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 15 of 32 
 

end-user. You can approach any one of the seven CAs for getting Digital 

Signature Certificate. For details please visit website www.cca.gov.in. 

44.1.1.2 However, vendors may, if they so desire, seek help of the Service Provider to 

acquire Digital Signature Certificate. Please contact Help Desk numbers given 

on the portal. 

45   TERMS OF PRICE 

45.1   For air shipment: Ex-Works/Factory duly packed OR Free Carrier (FCA) at 

the specified „Gateway Airport‟, as per list given below   

List of Gateway Airports 

1. Australia  - Melbourne 

 2. Austria   - Vienna 

 3. Canada                    - Toronto / Montreal 

 4. China   - Beijing 

 5. Denmark  - Copenhagen 

 6. France   - Paris 

 7. Germany  - Frankfurt 

 8. Hong Kong  - Hong Kong 

 9. Italy   - Rome 

 10. Japan   - Tokyo / Osaka       

 11. Netherlands  - Amsterdam 

 12. Singapore  - Singapore 

 13. Sweden  - Stockholm 

 14. Switzerland  - Zurich 

 15. United Kingdom - London 

 16. U.S.A.   - JFK  

45.2 Since the Purchaser has authorised Consolidation Agents, they will arrange to 

pick up the consignment from the Supplier‟s Works and arrange for air-

freighting from the respective Gateway Airport, the vendor shall, also indicate 

separately the Ex-Works/Ex-Factory packed price.  

45.3 For ocean shipment : FOB/FAS port of shipment –The price quoted shall 

include the cost of the item, packing charges, inland transportation charges 

upto the Port of Shipment and loading of the item on to the ship.  The name of 

the sea port from where the shipment will be made shall also be indicated.  

45.4 In the event of award of contract and mode of shipment is ocean freight, 

shipping arrangements shall be done by the vendor. 

45.5 It will be in the interest of the vendors to quote price as mentioned above and 

other charges for documentation, inland transportation upto the gateway 

airport/port of shipment, if any and air-freight/sea-freight separately on the 

above lines, as the comparison of all the offers shall be made on the basis of 

the total landed cost on an uniform basis for evaluation.   

46 AGENCY COMMISSION  

46.1 Agency Commission payable to the vendor‟s Agents in India, if any, shall be 

included in the price. Name and address of Indian Agent and the percentage of 

commission payable to them and included in the price shall be clearly 

indicated. The commission will be paid directly to the Indian Agents in 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 16 of 32 
 

equivalent Indian Rupees based on the exchange rate prevailing on the date of 

remittance to the foreign after final acceptance. The manner and method of 

payment of Agency Commission is indicated in the General Conditions of 

Contract/Special Conditions of Contract.  

47 RIGHT TO REJECT QUOTATION 

47.1 The Purchaser reserves the right to reject any quotation, which is not in 

conformity with the above instructions. 

47.2 The Purchaser also reserves the right to reject any quotation without assigning 

any reason whatsoever. 

Any additional conditions attached to this Invitation to Tender shall also form part of the 

contract conditions.   



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 17 of 32 
 

SECTION ‘B’ 

Form No. DPS-P-100 

भारत सरकार  GOVERNMENT OF INDIA 
परमाणु ऊर्ाा विभाग  DEPARTMENT OF ATOMIC ENERGY 

क्रय एिं भंडार विदशेालय  DIRECTORATE OF PURCHASE & STORES 
 

General Conditions Of All Contracts  

&  

Special Conditions Of Contracts Governing Supplies Of Plant And Machinery  

Applicable To Contracts Placed By The Directorate Of Purchase And Stores 

Index 

Clause #            Clause Title Page 

1. Preamble 18 
2. Definitions and interpretations  18 
3. Authority of persons signing the contract on behalf of Contractor  18 
4. Sub-contracting  19 
5. Drawings and specifications  19 
6. General Warranty 19  
7. Alteration  20 
8. Samples 20 
9. Packing  20 
10. Inspection  20 
11. Security Deposit 21 
12. Time for and date of delivery – the essence of contract.  21 
13. Extension of Delivery Schedule 21 
14. Rectification and replacement of defective stores  22 
15. Inspector‟s authority to certify performance  22 
16. Consequence of Rejection  22 
17. Recovery of Sums Due 23 
18. Lien in respect of other contracts 23 
19. Warranty  23 
20. Permits and Licenses  24 
21. Patent indemnification  24 
22. Mode and terms of payment including payment of agency commission and bank charges 24 
23. Insurance  26 
24. Marking  26 
25. Law Governing the Contract 27 
26. Jurisdiction 27 
27. Arbitration  27 
28. Exercising the Rights and Powers of the Purchaser 28 
SECTION-II – SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACTS 

29. Responsibility for completeness  28 
30. Final Test  28 
31. Rejection of Defective Plant  28 
32. Warranty  29 
33. Erection and commissioning including time for completion  29 
34. Training  30 
35. Mode of Payment 30 
36. Performance Bond Bank Guarantee  30 
37. Definition of Plant 30 
Appendix „A‟ Specimen form for performance bond 31 

Form DPS-P-102A 32 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 18 of 32 
 

 

 

SECTION-I 

GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACTS APPLICABLE TO ALL CONTRACTS  

1. PEAMBLE 

1.1 While the conditions contained in Section I will apply to all contracts, Section 
II will also apply to contracts for Plant/Machinery/Equipment/ Instrument. 

2. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION : In the contract and the general 
and special conditions governing it, unless the context otherwise requires 

2.1 “PURCHASER” means the President of India and includes his successor or 
assigns 

2.2 “DIRECTOR, PURCHASE & STORES” means the Director, Purchase and 
Stores, Govt. of India, for the time being in the administrative charge of the 

Directorate of Purchase and Stores and includes Joint Director, Deputy 

Director, Purchase and Stores, the Senior Purchase Officer, Purchase Officer 

or Assistant Purchase officer of the said Directorate of Purchase and Stores or 

any other officer authorized for the time being to execute contracts relating to 

the purchase and supplies of stores on behalf of the Purchaser. 

2.3 “CONTRACTOR” or “SUPPLIER” means the individual firm or company 
with whom or with which the contract/purchase order for supply of Stores is 

placed and shall be deemed to include his successors, heirs, executors, 

administrators and permitted assignees, as the case may be. 

2.4 “CONTRACT” or “PURCHASE ORDER” means and comprises of a Letter 
or Email or  ink signed or digitally signed document conveying acceptance of 

Contractor‟s offer and invitation to tender, tender containing offer, advance 

acceptance of the offer, acceptance of offer, general and special conditions of 

contract specified in the acceptance of offer and any subsequent 

amendments/alterations thereto made on the basis of mutual agreement. 

2.5 “STORES” OR “MATERIAL” means the goods specified in the 
contract/purchase order which the contractor has agreed to supply under the 

contract. 

2.6 “SUB-CONTRACTOR” or “SUB-CONTRACTOR” means any contractor or 
supplier engaged by the contractor or the supplier with the prior approval of 

the Purchaser in relation to the contract/purchase order. 

2.7 “INSPECTOR” or “QUALITY SURVEYOR” means any Engineer nominated 
and deputed by the purchaser or their appointed Consultants or quality 

Surveillance Agency or any other person from time to time authorized by the 

Purchaser to act as his representative for the purpose of inspection of stores 

under the contract/purchase order. 

2.8 PARTIES 

2.9 The parties to the contract are the Contractor and the Purchaser and the 
Purchaser named in the Contract/Purchase Order. 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 19 of 32 
 

3. AUTHORITY OF PERSON SIGNING THE CONTRACT ON BEHALF OF 
THE CONTRACTOR 

3.1 The person signing the contract or the purchase order or any other document 
in respect of the contract or purchase order on behalf of the contractor shall 

deemed to warrant that he has the authority to bind the contractor 

4. SUB-CONTRACTING 

4.1 The supplier shall not assign, sublet or delegate the contract or any part thereof 
without the Purchaser‟s prior written consent, which consent shall not be 

unreasonably withheld, but he may without the Purchaser‟s consent purchase 

such parts, accessories or associated equipment as he does not normally 

manufacture. 

5. DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS 

5.1 The drawings and specifications are intended to be complementary and to 
provide for and comprise everything necessary for the completion of supply.  

Any material shown on the drawing even if not particularly described in 

specifications or vice versa is to be supplied by the Contractor as if it were 

both shown and specified. 

5.2 Should any discrepancy be noted in the drawings and/or specifications and 
should any interpretation of the same be required, the matter shall be referred 

to the Purchaser for clarification which shall be binding upon the contractor.  

Otherwise, the contractor shall assume responsibility for the interpretation of 

the drawings and specifications including interpretation by his sub-contractors. 

5.3 Should any difference or dispute arise with regard to the true intent and 
meaning of drawings or specification or should any portion of the same be 

obscure or capable of more than one interpretation, the same shall be decided 

by the Purchaser whose decision shall be final. 

5.4 All lettering on the drawings is to be considered as part of the specification 
and contract.  In all cases figured dimensions are to be followed rather than 

those indicated by scale.  Large scale drawings will take precedence over 

smaller scale drawings. 

5.5 The contractor‟s drawings shall, when approved by the Purchaser, be deemed 
to be included in the list of drawings which form part of the contract.  The 

contractor shall not proceed with fabrication until all drawings associated 

therewith have been duly approved by the Purchaser. 

5.6 The Contractor shall be responsible for and shall pay for any alterations of the 
stores and shall indemnify the Purchaser for any consequential expenditure 

incurred by the Purchaser due to any discrepancies, errors, omissions in the 

drawings or other particulars supplied by him whether such drawings or 

specifications have been approved by the Purchaser or not, provided that such 

discrepancies, errors or omissions be not due to inaccurate information or 

specifications furnished to the contractor on behalf of the Purchaser. 

6. GENERAL WARRANTY 

6.1 The stores supplied by the contractor under the contract shall be of best quality 
and workmanship.  The contractor shall supply the stores in accordance with 

the contract specifications unless any deviation has been expressly specified in 

the contract and any amendments agreed thereto. 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 20 of 32 
 

6.2 The contractor‟s offer to supply stores in accordance with the tender 
specifications shall be deemed to be in admission on his part that he has fully 

acquainted himself with the details thereof and no claim shall lie against the 

Purchaser on the ground that the contractor did not examine or acquaint 

himself fully with the tender specifications. 

7. ALTERATIONS 

7.1 The Purchaser may, from time to time, make changes in the drawings 
specifications and issue additional instructions without altering the purchase 

order in any manner provided that no changes shall have been ordered which 

materially alter the character and scope of the supply under the contract. 

7.2 It shall be lawful for the parties to the contract to alter by mutual consent at 
any time and from time to time the drawings and specifications and as from 

the dates specified by him stores to be supplied shall be in accordance with 

such altered drawings and specifications provided that if any such alterations 

involve increase or decrease in the cost of or in the period required for 

production, a revision of the contract price and/or the period prescribed for 

delivery shall be made by mutual agreement in respect of the stores to which 

the alteration applies.  In all other respects, the contract shall remain unaltered. 

8. SAMPLES 

8.1 Samples submitted for any reason shall be supplied without charge and freight 
paid without any obligation of the Purchaser as regards safe custody or safe-

return thereof.  All samples submitted must be clearly labelled with the 

Contractor‟s name and address and tender number.  If the Contractor submits 

the sample with his tender the same shall not govern the standard of supply 

except when it has been specifically stated in the Purchase Order that it is 

accepted instead of any sealed pattern.  Should certified samples be lent to the 

Contractor by the Purchaser, the Contractor is responsible for the return in 

perfect order of all certified samples with the labels intact. 

9. PACKING 

9.1 The contract shall pack the stores at his own cost sufficiently and properly for 
transit by sea/air as the case may be so as to ensure their being free from loss 

or damage while in transit t the ultimate destination specified in the contract. 

9.2 Unless otherwise provided in the contract all containers (including packing 
cases, boxes, tins, drums and wrappings) in which the Stores are supplied by 

the contractor shall be considered as property of the Purchaser and their cost 

as having been included in the contract price. 

10. INSPECTION 

10.1 The contractor shall be responsible for and perform all inspection and testing 
required in accordance with the contract/purchase order and specifications 

included therewith. 

10.2 The Purchaser may at his option depute his representative for Inspection of the 
stores to be supplied under the contract or authorize and nominate a Quality 

Surveillance Agency of his choice for the purpose hereinafter called, in either 

case, the inspection. 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 21 of 32 
 

10.3 The contractor shall give notice of readiness for inspection to the Inspector 
(deputed under clause 10.2 above) so that the Inspector can be present at the 

requisite time.  In such an event delivery shall not be effected until an 

authorization or shipping release is obtained from the Purchaser‟s Inspector. 

10.4 The contractor shall allow reasonable facility and free access to his 
work/factory and records to the inspector for the purpose of inspection or for 

ascertaining the progress of delivery under the contract. 

11. SECURITY DEPOSIT (for contracts in INR) 

11.1 In the event of acceptance of an offer, the contractor will be required to submit 
a security deposit for 10% of the total basic cost of the stores ordered, 

exclusive of taxes and duties, in the form of a bank guarantee valid till at least 

2 months beyond the contractual date for completion of the Order/Contract. 

The bank guarantee should be executed by SBI/any nationalised bank or 

private sector banks, namely, ICICI bank, IDBI bank, HDFC bank or AXIS 

bank, on a non-judicial stamp paper of appropriate value as per the 

Purchaser‟s format. 

11.2 Offers wherein contractors declined to submit Security Deposit are liable to be 
rejected. 

12. TIME FOR AND DATE OF DELIVERY – THE ESSENCE OF 
CONTRACT. 

12.1 The time for and date of delivery of the stores stipulated in the contract shall 
be deemed to be of the essence of the contract and delivery must be completed 

not later than date/dates stipulated. 

13. EXTENSION OF DELIVERY SCHEDULE 

13.1 If any delay in delivery shall have arisen from any cause such as strike, 
lockouts, fire, accidents, riot or the like which the purchaser may admit as 

reasonable ground for grant of extension of delivery schedule, the purchaser 

will allow such additional period for the purpose as he may consider necessary 

taking the circumstances into consideration. 

13.2 If the contractor fails to deliver the stores or any installment or part thereof 
within the period fixed for such delivery or such additional period allowed by 

the purchaser in accordance with foregoing paragraphs or any time before the 

expiry of such period repudiates the contract, the Director, Purchase and 

Stores may without prejudice to the rights of the purchaser. 

13.3 recover from the contractors as agreed liquidated damages and not by way of 
penalty a sum equivalent to 2% of the price of any stores which the contractor 

has failed to deliver within the period fixed for delivery in the contract or such 

additional period as mentioned in paragraph 13.1 for each month or part of the 

month during which the delivery of such stores, may be in arrears where 

delivery thereof is accepted after expiry of the aforesaid period.  (For the 

purpose of computing the damages for delayed supplies under the clause, the 

cost of the entire plant/machinery/equipment/instrument will be taken into 

consideration if the plant/machinery/equipment/instrument cannot be put to 

the intended use for want of delayed portion of supply). OR 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 22 of 32 
 

13.4 Recover from the Contractor, at the sole discretion of the Purchaser, token 
liquidated damages up to 10% of the normal liquidated damages may be 

imposed. 

13.5 purchase or authorise the purchase elsewhere without notice to the contractor, 
on account and at the risk of the contractor of the stores not so delivered or 

others of a similar description (where stores exactly complying with the 

contract specification are not in the opinion of the Director, Purchase and 

Stores, which opinion shall be final, readily procurable) without cancelling the 

contract in respect of the portion instrument not yet due of delivery. OR 

13.6 cancel the contract or portion thereof and if so desired purchase or authorise 
purchase of the stores not so delivered or others of a similar description 

(where stores exactly complying with the contract specification are not in the 

opinion of the Director, Purchase and Stores, which opinion shall be final, 

readily procurable) at the risk and cost of the contractor, if the contractor had 

defaulted in the performance of the original contract, the purchaser shall have 

the right to ignore his offer in response to risk purchase enquiry even though 

the lowest. 

13.7 Where action is taken under sub-clause 13.5 or sub-clause 13.6 above the 
contractor shall be liable for any loss which the purchaser may sustain on that 

account provided that the repurchase, or if there is an agreement to repurchase 

then such agreement, is made within a reasonable period from the date of such 

failure, depending upon the nature / merit of the purchase and in case of 

repudiation of the contract before the expiry of the aforesaid period of 

delivery, shall not be entitled to any gain on such purchase and the manner and 

method of such purchase shall be in the entire discretion of the Director, 

Purchase and Stores. It shall not be necessary for the purchaser to serve a 

notice of such purchase on the contractor. 

14. RECTIFICATION AND REPLACEMENT OF DEFECTIVE STORES 

14.1 If the inspector find that the contractor has executed any unsound or imperfect 
work, the inspector shall notify such defects to the contractor and the 

contractor on receiving the details of such defects or deficiency, shall at his 

own expenses, within seven days or otherwise within such time as may be 

mutually agreed upon as reasonably necessary, proceed to alter, reconstruct or 

remanufacture the stores to the requisite standard and specifications as called 

for by the tender specification. 

15. INSPECTOR‟S AUTHORITY TO CERTIFY PERFORMANCE 

15.1 The Inspector, wherever deputed by the Purchaser under Clause 10.2 shall 
have the power: 

15.2 before any stores or parts thereof submitted for inspection to certify that they 
cannot be in accordance with the contract owning to the adoption of any 

unsatisfactory method of manufacture. 

15.3 reject any stores submitted for inspection or part thereof as not being in 
accordance within the specification. 

 

 

 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 23 of 32 
 

16. CONSEQUENCE OF REJECTION 

16.1 If on the store being rejected by the inspector or consignee at the destination 
the contractor fails to make satisfactory supplies within the stipulated period 

of delivery, the Director, Purchase and Stores may: 

16.2 allow the contractor to submit for inspection fresh stores in replacement of 
those rejected, within specified time, the contractor bearing the cost of freight 

on such replacement without being entitled to any extra payment on that 

account. OR 

16.3 Purchaser may take recourse to the remedies provided for as per clause 13.5  
or 13.6 

17. RECOVERY OF SUMS DUE 

17.1 Whenever any claim for payment of, whether liquidated or not, moneys arises 
out of or under this contract against the Contractor the Purchaser shall be 

entitled to recover sum by appropriating, in part or whole, the security 

deposited by the Contractor, if a security is taken against the Contract.  In the 

event of the security being insufficient or no security has been taken from the 

Contractor then the balance or the total sum or which at any time hereafter 

may become due to the Contractor under this or any other contract with the 

Purchaser, should this sum be not sufficient to cover the full amount 

recoverable, the Contractor shall pay to the Purchaser on demand the 

remaining balance due.  Similarly, if the Purchaser has or makes any claim, 

„whether liquidated or not against the Contractor under any other contract with 

the Purchaser the payment of all moneys payable under the contract to the 

contractor including the security deposit shall be withheld till such claims of 

the Purchaser are finally adjudicated upon and paid by the Contractor. 

18. LIEN IN RESPECT OF CLAIMS IN OTHER CONTRACTS 

18.1 Any sum of money due and payable to the Contractor under any contract may 
be withheld or retained by way of lien by the Purchaser or any other person or 

persons contracting through the Director, Purchase and Stores against any 

claim of the Purchaser or such other person or persons in respect of payment 

of a sum of money arising out of or under any other contract made by the 

contractor with the Purchaser or with other such person or persons. 

18.2 It is an agreed term of the contract that the sum of money so withheld or 
retained under this clause by the Purchaser will be kept withheld or retained as 

such by Purchaser till this claim arising out of in the same contract or any 

other contract is either mutually settled or determined by the arbitrator, and 

that the contractor shall have no claim for interest or damages whatsoever on 

this account or on any other ground in respect of any sum of money with-held 

or retained under this clause and duly notified as such to the contractor. 

19. WARRANTY 

19.1 The contractor warrants that stores to be supplied under the contract shall be 
free from all defects and faults in materials, workmanship and manufacture 

and shall be of the highest grade and consistent with the established and 

generally accepted standards for stores of the types under the contract in full 

conformity with the specifications, drawings or samples, if any and shall if 

operable, operate properly.  This warranty shall expire (except in respect of 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 24 of 32 
 

complaints notified to the contractor prior to such date) twelve months after 

the date of receipt of the last lot of stores under the contract at the ultimate 

destination stipulated in the contract. 

19.2 Should any defect or deficiency in the stores supplied by the contractor under 
the contract appear to be discovered within 12 months from the date of receipt 

of the stores in India, the contractor upon notification of such defects or 

deficiency by Purchaser, shall forthwith take measure to rectify every such 

defect, deficiency or failure without cost to the Purchaser.  In case the 

contractor opts for return of stores for rectification/repair at their works, the 

contractor shall furnish bank guarantee for cost of stores as per purchaser‟s 

format valid till acceptance of rectified/repaired stores.  Further the warranty 

period will further get extended for the time stores was not available to the 

purchaser for his use. If the contractor after such notification shall make 

default or delay in rectifying all such defects, deficiencies or failure to the 

satisfaction of the Purchaser, the Purchaser may take recourse to the remedies 

provided for in clause 13.5 or 13.6 as applicable. 

20. PERMIT AND LICENCES 

20.1 The contractor shall secure and pay for all licences and permit at his end 
which he may be required to comply with all laws ordinances and regulations 

of the public authorities in connection with the performance of his obligations 

under the contract.  The contractor shall be responsible for all damages and 

shall indemnify and save the purchaser harmless from against all claims for 

damages and liability which may arise out of the failure of the contractors to 

secure and pay for any such licences and permits or to comply fully which any 

and all applicable laws ordinances and regulations. 

21. PATENT INDEMNIFICATION 

21.1 The Contractor shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Purchaser from and 
against any and all claims, actions, costs, charges and expenses arising from or 

for infringement of patent rights, copy right or other protected rights, of any 

design plans, diagrams, drawings in respect of the stores supplied by the 

contractors or any of the manufacturing methods or process adopted by 

contractor for the stores supplied under the contract. 

21.2 In the event of any claim being made or action being taken against the 
purchaser in respect of the matter referred to clause 21.1 above, the contractor 

shall promptly be notified thereof and he shall at his own expense, conduct all 

negotiations for the settlement of the same and any litigation that may arise 

there from. 

21.3 In the event of any designs, drawing, plans or diagrams or any manufacturing 
methods or process furnished by the contractor constituting infringement of 

patent or any other protected rights and use thereof is restrained, the contractor 

shall procure for Purchaser, at no cost to the latter, the rights to continue using 

the same or to the extend it is possible to replace the same so as to avoid such 

infringement and subject to approval by the Purchaser or modify them so that 

they become non-infringing, but such modifications shall otherwise be to the 

entire satisfaction of the Purchaser. 

21.4 The provision of the clause remains effective and binding upon the Contractor 
even after the completion, expiration or termination of the contract. 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 25 of 32 
 

22. MODE AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 

22.1 Payment for Contracts in currency other than INR 
22.1.1 Unless otherwise specified in the contract, payment in full (excluding the 

amount of the commission included in the price payable directly by the 

Purchaser to the Indian Agent) shall be made within fifteen days from the date 

of presentation of the following documents to the Purchaser‟s Bank specified 

in each contract: 

1. Negotiable Bill of Lading or Airway Bill as the case may be evidencing 
shipment 

2. Invoice for the shipment : Four Copies 

3. Packing List : Four copies 

4. Certificate of country of origin : To copies 

5. Shipping release from Inspector or Quality Surveillance Agency 
nominated by the Purchaser for the purpose of inspection : Four copies 

6. Certificate of Quality including work test certificates of Chemical 
Analysis where applicable : Two copies 

7. Shipping authorization from purchaser wherever required. 

8. Bank Guarantee for 10% of the value of contract in respect of 
plant/machinery/equipment/instrument towards performance bond as 

provided for in Clause 36 of Section II 

22.1.2 An advance copy of invoice along with details of documents forwarded 
through bank should be sent to the Paying Authority mentioned in the 

Purchase Order to enable him to verify the claim and honour the documents 

without delay. 

22.1.3 The contractor shall be responsible to make available to the purchaser the 
documents which are essential for arranging customs clearance in India.  The 

contractor shall arrange through his bank to have the documents air mailed to 

the Purchase‟s bank without any delay.  He shall also arrange to forward 

directly to the Director, Purchase and Stores, three copies of non-negotiable 

Bill of lading or Airway Bill as the case may be, along with a copy of the 

invoice and packing list.  If the purchaser incurs any extra expenditure by way 

of penalty payable to the Port Trust authorities in India or any other such 

expenditure due to delay in receipt of shipping documents specified by him, 

the contractor shall be responsible for making good such extra expenditure 

incurred by the Purchaser. 

22.1.4 BANK CHARGES 

22.1.4.1 While the Purchaser shall bear the bank charges payable to his Bankers in 
India (State Bank of India) the Contractor shall bear all the bank charges 

payable outside India including the charges towards advising/amendments 

commission. 

22.2 Payment for Contracts in  INR 

22.2.1 Unless otherwise agreed to between the parties in writing, payments for the 
delivery of the stores will be made within a reasonable time on submission of 

bills in triplicate. Payment for the stores on each delivery will be made to the 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 26 of 32 
 

Contractor at the rates stipulated in the Purchase Order after goods are 

received and passed after inspection. Normally 30 days will be allowed for 

inspection after receipt of the stores. 

22.3 AGENCY COMMISSION 

22.3.1 The amount of commission included in the price and payable to the Indian 
Agents of the Contractor shall be paid directly to the Indian Agents by the 

Purchaser in equivalent Indian Rupees on the basis of an Invoice from the 

Indian Agent. “Payment will be released to the Indian Agents after receipt and 

final acceptance of the goods by the Purchaser and the exchange rate will be 

the one based on which payment is made to the Contractor”. 

22.3.2 The contractor shall send invoice only for the net amount payable to him after 
deducting the amount of agency commission included in the invoice which 

would be paid to the Indian Agents directly by the Purchaser.  However the 

contractors invoice should separately reflect the amount of commission 

payable to his Indian Agent. 

23. INSURANCE (For Contracts in currency other than INR) 

23.1 Transit insurance from warehouse to warehouse will be arranged by the 
purchaser through his underwriters unless this responsibility is specifically 

entrusted to the contractor in any particular case. 

24. MARKING (For Contracts in currency other than INR) 

24.1 Each package delivered under the contract shall be marked by the contractor at 
his own expense on three sides of the package and such markings shall be 

distinct and shall clearly indicate the description and quantity of stores, name 

and address of the consignee, gross and net weight of the package, name of the 

contractor, ultimate destination, port of discharge etc. 

24.1.1 The marking shall generally be as under 

Name and address of the 

consignee 

Directorate of Purchase and Stores, 

Government of India,  

Department of Atomic Energy 

____________________ 

____________________ 

 
Contract Number and Date No.________  Date ______  

Brief Description of Goods  

Weight  

Dimension  

Ultimate Destination  

Port of Discharge  

Package Number  

24.2 Each package shall contain a packing note specifying the name and address of 
the contractor, the number and date of the contract/purchase order, name and 

address of the consignee, description of the stores and the quantity contained 

in such package. 

24.3 The inspector, wherever deputed by Purchase under clause 10.2 may reject the 
stores of the stores are not packed and/or Marked as aforesaid and in case 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 27 of 32 
 

where the packing materials are specifically prescribed, if such materials are 

not in accordance with the terms of the contract. 

25. LAW GOVERNING THE CONTRACT (for contracts in INR) 

25.1 This Contract shall be governed by the laws of India for the time being in 
force.  The marking of all stores supplied must comply with the requirements 

of India Acts relating to Merchandise Marks and all the rules made under such 

Acts. 

26. JURISDICTION (for contracts in INR) 

26.1 The courts within the local limits of whose jurisdiction the place from which 
the Purchase Order is issued is stipulated only shall subject to clause 28 hereof 

have jurisdiction to deal with and decide any matter arising out of this 

Contract. 

27. ARBITRATION 

27.1 ARBITRATION (for contracts in INR) 

27.1.1 Notwithstanding anything contained in clause 26 above, in the event of any 
question, dispute or difference arising under these conditions or any condition 

contained in the Purchase Order or in connection with this contract, (except as 

to any matters the decision of which is specially provided for by these 

conditions) the same be referred to the sole arbitration of the Directorate of 

Purchase and Stores or of some other person appointed by him.  It will be no 

objection that the arbitrator is a Government servant, that he had to deal with 

matters to which the contract relates or that in the course of his duties as a 

Government servant has expressed views on all or any other matters in dispute 

or difference.  The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the 

parties to this Contract. 

27.1.2 It is a term of contract:- 

27.1.2.1 If the arbitrator be the Director, Purchase and Stores (i) in the event of his 
being transferred or vacating his office by resignation or otherwise, it shall be 

lawful for his successor-in-office either to proceed with the reference himself, 

or to appoint another person as arbitrator; or (ii) in the event of his being 

unwilling or unable to act for any reason, it shall be lawful for the Director, 

Purchase and Stores to appoint another person as arbitrator; or 

27.1.2.2 If the arbitrator be a person appointed by the Director, Purchase and Stores in 
the event of his demise, neglecting or refusing to act, or resigning or being 

unable to act for any reason, it shall be lawful for the Director, Purchase and 

Stores to proceed with the reference himself or to appoint another person as 

arbitrator in place of the outgoing arbitrator. 

27.1.2.3 Subject as aforesaid, The Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, the rule there 
under and any statutory modifications thereof for the time being in force shall 

be deemed to apply to the arbitration proceedings under this clause.  The 

Arbitrator shall have the power to extend with consent of the Purchaser and 

the Contractor the time for making and publishing the award.  The venue of 

arbitration shall be the place as the Purchaser in his absolute discretion may 

determine. 

27.2 ARBITRATION (for contracts in currency other than INR) 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 28 of 32 
 

27.1 All disputes arising in connection with the present contract shall be finally 
settled under the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International 

Chamber of Commerce by one or more Arbitrators appointed in accordance 

with the said Rules. 

28. EXERCISING THE RIGHTS AND POWERS OF THE PURCHASER 

28.1 All the rights, discretions and powers of the Purchase under the contract shall 
be exercisable by and all notices on behalf of the Purchaser shall be given by 

the Director, Purchase and Stores, Deputy Director Purchase and Stores, 

Purchase Officer, Assistant Purchase Officer of the Directorate of Purchase 

and Stores or any person or persons authorized to enter into contracts on 

behalf of the Director, Purchase and Stores and any reference to the opinion of 

the Purchaser in the terms and conditions contained in these General 

Conditions of all Contracts shall mean and be construed as reference to the 

opinion of any of the persons mentioned in this clause. 

 

SECTION-II 

SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACTS 

GOVERNING SUPPLIES OF PLANT AND MACHINERY 

In addition to the General Conditions of Contract contained in Section-I above 

the following Special conditions shall apply to contracts for supply of plant/ 

machinery/equipment/manufactured equipment. These special conditions in 

Section-I shall override the latter. 

29. RESPONSIBILITY FOR COMPLETENESS 

29.1 All fittings or accessories which may not be specifically mentioned in the 
tender specifications of the contract but which are necessary, are to be 

provided by the contractor without extra charge and the 

plant/machinery/equipment/instruments must be completed in all respect. 

30. FINAL TEST 

30.1 The final tests as to performance and guarantee shall commence within one 
month of completion of installation. 

31. REJECTION OF DEFECTIVE PLANT 

31.1 If the completed plant or any portion thereof before it is finally accepted is 
found to be defective or fails to fulfill the requirements of the contract, the 

Purchaser shall give the Contractor notice setting forth with the details of such 

defects or failure and the contractor shall forthwith rectify the defective plant 

or alter the same to make comply with the requirement of the contract.  Should 

the contractors fail to do so within a reasonable time the Purchaser may reject 

and replace at the cost of the Contractor, the whole or any portion of the Plant 

as the case may be, which is defective or fails to fulfill the requirement of the 

contract. Such replacement shall be carried out by the Purchaser within a 

reasonable time and at reasonable price and where reasonably possible to the 

same specifications and under competitive conditions.  The Contractor shall be 

liable to pay to the Purchaser the extra cost, if any, of such replacement 

delivered and or erected as provided for in the contract such extra cost being 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 29 of 32 
 

the difference between the price paid by the Purchaser under the provisions 

above mentioned for such replacement and the contract price for them.  

Contractor shall refund to Purchaser any sum paid by the Purchaser to the 

Contractor in respect of such defective plant. 

32. WARRANTY 

32.1 For a period of twelve calendar months after the plant/machinery/equipment/ 
instruments has been put into operation (or a suitable mutually agreed longer 

period to be reckoned from the date of last major shipment depending upon 

the nature of the plant/machinery/equipment/instrument) the Contractor shall 

be responsible for any defects that may develop under conditions provided for 

the contract and under proper use, arising from the faulty materials, design or 

workmanship in the plant or from faulty erection of the plant by the 

Contractor, but otherwise and shall rectify such defects at his own cost when 

called upon to do so by the Purchaser who shall state in writing such defects. 

32.2 If it becomes necessary for the Contractor to replace or renew any defective 
portions of the plant for purpose of rectification under this clause, the 

provisions of this clause shall apply to the portions of the plant so replaced or 

renewed under the expiration of six months from the date of such replacement 

or renewal or until the end of the above mentioned period of twelve months 

whichever may be the later. If any defects not rectified within reasonable time, 

the purchaser may proceed to get the work done at contractor‟s risk and 

expenses but without prejudice to any other rights which the Purchaser may 

have against the Contractor in respect of such defects, as provided in clause 

13.5 or 13.6. 

32.3 All inspections adjustments, replacements or renewals carried out by the 
Contractor during the warranty period shall be subject to the same conditions 

as in the contract. 

32.4 Contractor shall, spare parts of equipment before going out of production, give 
adequate advance notice to the Purchaser so that the  latter may order 

requirement of spares in one lot if so desires. 

32.5 The contractor shall further guarantee that if spare parts go out of production, 
will make available blue prints, drawings of spare parts and specifications of 

material at no cost to the Purchaser, if and when required in connection with 

the equipment to enable Purchaser to fabricate or procure spare parts from 

other sources. 

32.6 The provision of this clause shall remain effective and binding upon the 
Contractor even after the completion or expiration of the contract and till the 

plant/machinery/equipment supplied under the contract is in use by the 

Purchaser. 

33. ERECTION AND COMMISSIONING 

33.1 In all cases where contracts provide for supervision of erection and 
commissioning or for test at the Purchaser‟s premises the Purchaser except 

where otherwise specified, shall provide free of charge, such labour, Materials, 

fuels, stores, apparatus and instruments as may be required from time to time 

and as may reasonably be demanded by the contractor to carryout efficiently 

such supervision of erection and commissioning and for the requisite test.  In 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 30 of 32 
 

case of contracts requiring electricity for the completion of erection, 

commissioning and testing at site, such electricity shall be supplied free to the 

Contractor. 

33.2 Action by the Purchaser under the clause shall not relieve the contractor of his 
warranty obligations under the contract. 

34. TRAINING 

34.1 The Contractor shall, if required by the Director, Purchase and Stores provide 
facilities for the practical training of purchaser‟s engineering or technical 

personnel from India and for their active association on the manufacturing 

process throughout the manufacturing period of the contract/stores, number of 

such personnel to be mutually agreed upon. 

35. MODE OF PAYMENT (for contracts in INR only) 

35.1 Unless otherwise agreed to in writing between the Purchaser and the 
Contractor, payment for the delivery of the plant approved by the Inspector 

will be made as follows 

35.2 80% of the contract price of each consignment delivered as soon as possible 
after preliminary inspection by user section. 

35.3 20% of the contract price plus the cost of erection, if any, as soon as possible 
after final inspection, test and acceptance. 

35.4 In addition to other remedies under the law and these conditions, the Purchaser 
shall have lien on each consignment in respect of which 80% has been paid to 

secure refund of this amount in the event of the same becoming refundable 

under the terms of the contract or under the law and to secure payment of any 

other dues under the contract or under the law. 

36. PERFORMANCE BOND BANK GUARANTEE 

36.1 In the event of acceptance of the offer in respect of plant, machinery, 
equipment, instrument, etc. the contractor will be required to submit a 

performance bank guarantee for 10% of the total value of the stores inclusive 

of all statutory levies and other charges admitted in the contract,  from 

SBI/any nationalised bank or private sector banks, namely, ICICI bank, IDBI 

bank, HDFC bank and AXIS bank, on a non-judicial stamp paper of 

appropriate value valid till 2 months beyond the expiry date of warranty period 

as per the Purchaser‟s format towards satisfactory performance of the plant, 

machinery, equipment, instrument, etc. during the warranty period.  

36.2 In case of bids in currency other than INR, performance bond bank guarantee 
shall be furnished from any bank of international repute. 

37. DEFINITION OF PLANT 

37.1 The word “PLANT‟ wherever, appears in these “Special Conditions of 
Contract governing supplies of Plants and Machinery” shall mean all 

machinery, plants, equipment or parts thereof or what the Contractor agrees to 

supply as specified in the Purchase Order. 

APPENDIX ‘A’ 

TO 



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 31 of 32 
 

SECTION B SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 

PERFORMANCE BOND 

(TO BE EXECUTED BY THE CONTRCTOR'S BANK) 

The President of India 

(acting through the Director, Purchase & Stores) 

Directorate of Purchase & Stores 

 

WEHREAS on or about the ________ day of ___________ M/s. ____________ having its registered 

Office at _______ (hereinafter called 'The Contractor') entered into an Agreement No. ________ 

dated ______ for manufacture and supply of ____________ (hereinafter called 'The Contract') with 

the President of India acting through the Director, Purchase and Stores, Department of Atomic Energy 

(hereinafter called 'The Purchaser"). 

AND WHEREAS under the terms and conditions of the contract final payment amounting to --under 

the contract is to be made against a performance bond in the form of bank guarantee furnished by the 

Contactor for a sum _______ of equivalent to 10% (Ten per cent) of the value of the contract towards 

satisfactory performance of the ______ (hereinafter called the equipment) valid for a period of 12 

months from the date of putting into operation of the said equipment or ________ months from the 

date of receipt of the last lot of consignment whichever is earlier. 

NOW We, (bank) inconsideration of the promises and payment of the final/balance amount of ______ 

under the contract to the contractor hereby agree and undertake to pay on demand and without any 

demur to the Director, Purchase & Stores, Directorate of Purchase and Stores, Department of Atomic 

Energy on behalf of the contractor a sum not exceeding ________ against any loss or damage that 

may be suffered by the Purchaser by the reasons of any unsatisfactory performance of the said 

equipment. 

AND we, ________ (Bank) hereby also agree that the decision of the said Director, Purchase & 

Stores as to whether the said equipment is giving satisfactory performance or not and as to the amount 

of loss or damages suffered by the Purchaser on account of unsatisfactory performance of the said 

equipment shall be final and binding on us. 

AND We (bank) hereby further agree that our liability hereunder shall not be discharged by virtue of 

any agreement between the Purchaser & the Contractor whether with or without knowledge and/or 

consent or by reason of the Purchaser showing any indulgence or forbearance to the contractor 

whether as to payment, time performance or any other matter whatsoever relating to the contract 

which but for this provision would amount to discharge of the surety under the law. 

Our guarantee shall remain in force until ________ and unless a claim under the guarantee is lodged 

with us within six months from the date (i.e. ________ ), all rights of the Purchaser under the 

Guarantee shall be forfeited and we shall be relieved and discharged from all our liabilities hereunder. 

Our liability under this guarantee shall not be affected by any change m our constitution or the 

constitution of the contractor. 

(Stamp & Signature) 

FOR AND ON BEHALF _________ (BANK) 

 

DATED AT ________  

  



Form # DPS-P-102_Rev_03_December_2016 Page 32 of 32 
 

Form No. DPS-P-102A 

 

TENDER FORM 

     

 Purchaser‟s Tender Enquiry No:______________  

 Supplier‟s Offer No.  :______________ 

 Date    :______________ 

From ____________ 

_________________ 

 

  

To 

 

Assistant Purchase Officer / Purchase Officer 

Directorate of Purchase & Stores 

Department of Atomic Energy 

Government of India 

 

Dear Sir, 

 I/We have gone through the Purchaser‟s specifications of stores, instructions to 

tenderers, the tendering conditions, General Conditions of Contracts and Special 

Conditions of Contracts contained in Form No. DPS-P-100.  I/We hereby agree to 

supply the stores conforming to your tender specifications and also as per your General 

Conditions of Contract and Special Conditions of Contract governing supply of stores. 

2. You will be at liberty to accept any one or more of the items of stores offered by us and 

I/We shall be bound to supply the stores as may be specified in the Purchase 

Order/Contract. 

3. I/We hereby agree to keep the price valid for your acceptance for a period of 90 days 

from the date of opening of the tender. 

4. Deviations to your technical specifications proposed are detailed in Annexure-A to the 

tender form for your consideration. 

5. I am/We are also enclosing herewith all the leaflets/catalogues etc. pertaining to the 

stores offered.     

 

                                                                                                            Yours faithfully, 

 

      Stamp and Signature of the Tenderer 

Encl 

 

 


