












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707846

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name 174 Bn Bsf

Total Quantity 60

Item Category hazardous material protective footwear-RUBBER
KNEE AND ANKLE BOOTS

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hazardous Material Protective Footwear-RUBBER KNEE AND ANKLE
BOOTS ( 60 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification BIS specification No IS:
5557: 2004 Latest

*

Type Type 1— Non-oil
resistant

Type 1— Non-oil
resistant, Type 2 — Oil
resistant

Varieties of
industrial protective
rubber boots:

Variety 1 (Industrial
protective rubber knee
boots.)

Variety 1 (Industrial
protective rubber knee
boots.)

SIZE Size of Boots Assorted sizes ( 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 and 12) as
per buyers
requirements

Assorted sizes ( 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 and 12) as
per buyers
requirements

COLOUR Colour Black *

MATERIAL The boots shall be
made of rubber with

yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/kNkffCGD3NkTXxxgO37SzaJsujzTk1-yuRncSe0LeFI


 

fabric lining

Protective steel toe
caps Type II
conforming to IS 5852
shall be used

yes *

REGISTRATION Registration for product
with NSIC

No *

If yes,validity of
Registration Certificate

- *

If yes, registration
certificate number and
date

- *

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Buyers reserve the
right to get pre
inspection of stores by
a QA agency
nominated by him

yes *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes Yes

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test Report to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 4



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Naseem Akhtar 733134,174 BN BSF
MAHESPUR, RAIGANJ

60  30

Special terms and conditions for category hazardous material protective footwear-
RUBBER KNEE AND ANKLE BOOTS  

1.After award of contract, if required by Buyer, Seller shall have to get Advance Sample
approved from Buyer before manufacturing / starting Bulk Supplies.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

