












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707183

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Higher And Technical Education Department
Maharashtra

Organisation Name College Of Engineering Pune

Office Name Pune

Total Quantity 240

Item Category Headset

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  57 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 71160

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 24

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Professor
Pune, Higher and Technical Education Department Maharashtra, College of Engineering Pune,
(Shashikant Tukaram Vagge)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Headset ( 240 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_Q3OxoX4wtl8RXPGe_fMJ9MdHcI5e55wW-IB5jubyq8


 

Specification Type of Headset Over-Ear Over-Ear

Ear coupling supra-aural *

Microphone Yes *

Connectivity Wireless Wireless

Frequency response
(Hz)

- *

Transducer principle Dynamic *

Nominal impedance
(Ohm)

30 *

Speaker Driver Size
(mm)

30 *

Sound Pressure Level
(SPL)(dB)

-44 *

Attenuation (dB) 5 *

Load rating (Watt) 9 *

Total Harmonic
Distortion (THD) (%)

0.01 *

Contact pressure
(Newton)

3.5 *

Pick-up pattern Lobar (Unidirectional) *

Sensitivity (dB) 102 *

If wired, type of
Connector

- *

If Wired, type of
Connection Cable

- *

If Wired, Length of
Cable (meter)

- *

If Wired, In-line Remote NA *

If Wireless, Bluetooth Inbuilt *

If Wireless, Battery Rechargeable *

Dimensions (L x W x D)
(cm x cm x cm)

- *

Gross Weight (gms) 105 *

On site OEM
Warranty

2 2

Standard Accessories
to be supplied with the
Headset

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 5



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shashikant
Tukaram Vagge

411005,Wellesley Rd,
Shivajinagar, Pune,
Maharashtra

240  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

                               4 / 5



 

9.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

