












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706858

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Oil India Limited

Organisation Name Oil India Limited

Office Name Oil India Limited

Total Quantity 250

Item Category Bitumen Felts for Water-Proofing and Damp-Proofing

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 4



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Bitumen Felts For Water-Proofing And Damp-Proofing ( 250 rolls )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Description Item "Bitumen Felts for
Water-Proofing and
Damp-Proofing"

*

Type Hessian Base : Type 3 -
[Self-finished felt (for
water proofing) -Grade
1 ]

Hessian Base : Type 3 -
[Self-finished felt (for
water proofing) -Grade
1 ]

Dimensions Length 20 20.0

Width 1 1.0

Tolerances on width (+/-) 3 centimeter *

Certification Conforming
specification

"Conforming to IS:
1322 (Latest) Bitumen
Felts for Water-Proofing
and Damp-Proofing"

*

Whether ISI Marked YES *

CM/L Number(Write NA
if not applicable)

- *

Packing Packing "bitumen felts should
be securely packed in
rolls"

*

Packing material "The rolls of hessian
base Type 3 bitumen
felts shall be wound on
cores"

"The rolls of hessian
base Type 3 bitumen
felts shall be wound on
cores"

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1NSA1Hf6qrMPlCaUD_C8eOi3J2t5TGda-ML0nagxYsc


 

specification

Test Report to be
submitted to the Buyer
on Demand write NA if
Test report is not
available

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Kamal Das 851114,Oil India Limited,
Barauni, Pump Station 10,
PO Barauni Refinery, District
Begusarai

250  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting

the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): valid authorisation of Bureau
of Indian Standards for use of ISI marking for the offered product.

                               3 / 4



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

