












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712246

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 7310

Item Category hand held search light ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  125 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 DGQA

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

                               1 / 8



 

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 499858

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 7.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Captain
22 Engineer Regiment, Department of Defence, Indian Army, Ministry of Defence 8082203611
(Himanshu Mishra)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hand Held Search Light ( 7310 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make havells

Model havellssolazen3.2-wattrechargeablesolarpirmoti
onsensorledlight(off-white)published

                               2 / 8



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Type of lamp LED LED

Battery capacity (AH) 3.2 *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dia of search light
(mm)

50 to 75 50 to 75

Wattage of lamp
(Watt)

3 3

Color temperature
(Degree K)

4000 to 4500 deg K for
Halegon

4000 to 4500 deg K for
Halegon

Beam angle selection Wide *

Range of Narrow beam
angle (Degree) and
Range of wide beam
angle (Degree)

up to 4 deg *

Type of front glass Toughened, scratch
resistant

*

One hand operated
switch

Yes *

Built-in battery charger Yes *

Type of battery Lithium ion Lithium ion

Battery Voltage (Volts) 3.2 *

Provision of Lanyard/
strap

Yes *

Rugged,impact and
water resistant
material of housing

Yes *

Type of housing
material

ABS ABS

Accessories such as
Battery charger with
cable for External type
Charging cable for
inbuilt type

Yes *

Gross weight of Hand
Held Search with
battery (grams)

1.8 kg (max.,) with Li-
ion battery

*

Warranty for HHSL
(in years)

6 Months (SMF Lead
acid battery)

6 Months (SMF Lead
acid battery)

HHSL system with
battery shall pass the

Yes *

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1XRgCHioJE8Zr9cCYaKgAPCvHmAw7GaxE89Wazc1k7g


 

drop testf rom 1 mtr.,
height

FUNCTIONAL Light output of search
lght (LUX at 100
metres))

50 *

Effective distance of
search light (Metre)

> / = 8 metres *

Lamp dimming Continuous *

Continuous search
light operation time
at maximum lumen
output (Hours)

FOR HALOGEN > / = 1
HR. ,

FOR HALOGEN > / = 1
HR. ,

Battery charging time
(Hours)

5 *

Operating Temperature
range (Degree C)

-20 deg C to +55 deg c *

Operating relative
humidity range (%)

RH 95% at 40 deg.c *

Lamp life (Hours) 5 *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification

Yes *

Test report number HAVELLS123 *

Date of test report HAVELLS123 *

Name and address of
laboratory

HAVELLS INDIA *

PROTECTION Protection against
reverse polarity

Yes *

Protection from battery
over-discharge

Yes *

Protection from battery
over-charge

Yes *

Short circuit protection Yes *

IP designation for
Ingress protection

IP 65 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               4 / 8



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********BARAMULLA 7310  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful
Bidder :-
(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food
Specification prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification
in any climate and under all conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty
period of the item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached from the date of
acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the
item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of
stores, that the goods/ stores supplied under the contract shall be free from all types of
defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various
depots and stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the
responsibility of supplier is over. At any point of time, the DGST or his authorised
representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from locations where they are
held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are meeting the
concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest
means by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised
representative of the supplier within three working days in whose presence the sample will
be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn unilaterally and the decision on the same
will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c)
above, the goods are reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as
per the Defence Food Specifications, the stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within
Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it having been declared (during the
period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the Director General of
Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the
quality as per DFS for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as
specified in the succeeding paras within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the
notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer, failing which, the buyer will
take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together with all
incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the
supplies were ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his
behalf in regard to these charges will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been

                               5 / 8



 

made without committing Govt in any way nor will such decision prejudice the Govt rights.
(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity
including GST and all incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other
incidental charges if any through CDP (APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply
depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality. Option 1- Supplierwill make good
the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by depositing the
money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier
shall lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations
where they are stored at that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to
all) on his own cost, failing which the stock shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall
be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks declared failed to perform within
warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free of charge,
within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for
such defect by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk
and cost by a station board of officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and
consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The
fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo similar QC procedure as
followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to the
supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the
defect in such an event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under
:-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of
the deposition of the claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the
PBG for a corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired,
after the stipulated time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate
legal action will be initiated against the supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the
destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved
for handing over to suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the
SUPPLIER in writing that a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the
SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the proper communication of that consignment
provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45 days of the expiry of the
warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in that
behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be
valid as per the original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing
by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause
and other claim(s) that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that
effect is made by the Buyer failing which such claims will be recovered by adjustment
against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum be not sufficient to cover the
full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of
guarantee regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the
performance security deposit or such portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may
be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to final supplies.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and

                               6 / 8



 

has at least 3 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

6.Demurrage charges In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the
demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In
case the items are not lifted within a month, the same will be destroyed by the station board
of officers and no claim will be admitted.Demurrage charges. In case the rejected items are
not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total
contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within a month, the
same will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.

7.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

8.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

9.Packing Material The items will be supplied by the successful bidder in its original packing
material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing material will not
be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items will be counted. The
packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will not be accepted in
non-standardized weights.Packing Material. The items will be supplied by the successful
bidder in its original packing material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight
of packing material will not be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items
will be counted. The packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will
not be accepted in non-standardized weights.

10.Pre-Dispatch Inspection     The following Pre-dispatch Inspection clause will form part of
the contract placed on successful Bidder :-
(a) The CFL/ its representatives will carry out Pre-Despatch Inspection (PDI) of the stores in
order to check their compliance with specifications in accordance with its usual standard
procedures. Upon successful completion of such PDI, the Seller and CFL/ its representatives
will issue and sign a Certificate of Conformity as per the specimen at Form DPM-21
(Available in MoD website and can be given on request).
(b) The Seller shall provide all reasonable facilities, access and assistance to the CFL/ its
representative for safety and convenience in the performance of their duties.
(c) After completion of inspection the dispatch will be carried out under the supervision of
CFL dispatch team, as per priority given in DI issued by the Directorate General Supplies and
Transport, Integrated Headquarters of Ministry of Defence (Army).

11.Shelf Life The supplier shall declare the shelf life/best before use for a minimum period
equal to the warranty period as given in the DFS for the item. The item should be of the
latest manufacture, conforming to the current production standard and having 100% defined
life at the time of delivery.

12.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per
normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: One additional set of battries with each piece.

13.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
14.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution

                               7 / 8



 

shall be taken into account for this criteria.
15.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
16.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
17.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

18.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

19.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

