












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715162
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Indian Oil Corporation Limited

Organisation Name Marketing Division

Office Name Iocl Marketing Ero Admin And Welfare

Total Quantity 20

Item Category Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser ( 20 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make kent

Model autosanitizer

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

*

Type of Dispensing Spray Spray

Mounting Type Wall Mounted Wall Mounted

DESIGN Features available in
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

Adjustable Dispensing
Volume

*

Sensing Range 0 - 4 inch *

Rated voltage 230V-50 Hz 230V-50 Hz

MATERIAL Body Material of
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

ABS Plastic ABS Plastic

DIMENSION Sanitizer Container
Capacity (in ml)

9001-10000 9001-10000

Dispensing Sanitizer Volume
in One Use(in ml)

5 *

COLOUR Colour White *

Warranty Warranty 1 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Tanmay Kedia 700068,Indian Oil Bhava, 2,
Gariahat Road (South), Indian Oil
Corporation Limited.

20  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

3.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/em-oJrXLIbO3wTbkRgnpxVHirlrmn8pMOjyEWcDEHv4


 

vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

