












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/716088
  Dated: 18-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar

Organisation Name Urban Development And Housing Department

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Maner

Total Quantity 1

Item Category refuse compactor

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  160 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 80360

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 6



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
City Manager
NAGAR PANCHAYAT MANER, Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar, Urban Development and Housing
Department,
(Raghunath Paswan)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Refuse Compactor ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine Capacity (cc) 3840 *

Model No. - *

Pay Load Capacity (Tonn
Load)

12 12

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Compliance

BS-VI BS-VI

Colour (Cabin) of the
Vehicle

- *

Fuel Consumption (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test Agency
under Rule 115of CMVR
1989) (Ltr/ Hours)

5 5

Max Engine BHP 118.3 118.3

Max Engine Torque (N-m) 392 392

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/lcjbrrY4fWN0q4eX3PiIZmS5TTp8RvNAADq0on9mPO4


 

Top Speed (Kmph) 80 80

Braking Distance (m) 5 5.0

Gradeability of Vehicle
(%)

25.6 25.6

Engine Aspiration
System

TurboCharged TurboCharged

Type of chassis for Vehicle - *

Fuel Tank Capacity (Ltrs) 112 112.0

Type of Cabin - *

Load Body Type - *

Trailer Type - *

Ground Clearance (mm) 232 232.0

Floor Area (mm2) 5734200 5734200

Wheel Base (mm) 2850 2850.0

Kerb Weight (Kg) 4550 4550.0

Gross Vehicle Weight
(Kg)

12900 12900.0

Type of Vehicle Tyre Tube Tube

No. of Front Tyre 2 2

No. of Rear Tyre 4 4

Size Of BIS marked Front
Tyre with Ply Rating

- *

Size of BIS marked Rear
Tyre with Ply Rating

- *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

Drive Axle Rear Rear

No of Axle 2 2

Axle Configuration ( No of
Outside Tyre x No of Driving
Tyre) ( No of Outside Tyre x
No of Driving Tyre)

- *

Type of Front Axle and
Suspension System

- *

Type of Rear Axle and
Suspension System

- *

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears

6 6

Type of Steering Power Operated Power Operated

Turning Radius (mm) 5350 5350.0

Type of Clutch - *

Type of Front Brakes - *

Type of Rear Brakes - *

CERTIFICATION Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Constructional Parameters Overall Length (mm) 5332 5332.0

Overall Width (mm) 2207 2207.0

                               3 / 6



 

Overall Height (cabin)
(mm)

2900 2900.0

Type and Location of Shock
Absorbers

- *

Container
Capacity(excluding
hopper) (m3)

7 7

Color (Container) - *

Container Body Material - *

Roof panel thickness
(mm)

3 3.0

Side Panel thickness
(mm)

3 3.0

Floor thickness (mm) 4 4.0

Hopper Capacity (m3) 0.5 0.5

Sewager Tank volume
(Ltrs)

125 125.0

Compression ratio 2.5 2.5

Universal bin lifting
system

Yes Yes

Dumper placer arms
system

Yes Yes

Tip cart/bin cart lifing
system

Yes Yes

Discharge model Horizontal Ejection Horizontal Ejection

Control Manual Hydraulic control Manual Hydraulic control

Emergency Stop Button Hopper's Both Sides Hopper's Both Sides

Alarm (buzzer) Yes Yes

Stabilizers type - *

Power take Off (PTO) type - *

PTO shaft rotation for
hydraulic pump
maximum pressure
generation (rpm)

1500 1500

Manufacturer of Hydraullic
system

- *

Replaceble filter
provided in the hydraulic
system return line

Yes Yes

Maximum pressure
developed by hydraulic
pump (bar)

240 240.0

Maximum Hydraulic fliud
circulation rate of
hydraulic pump
(lpm@rpm)

87 87

Performance Parameters Lift time (second) 20 20.0

Work cycle time (second) 50 50.0

Discharge time (second) 60 60.0

Lift capacity (Kg) 1100 1100.0

                               4 / 6



 

Max compression force
(Tonnes)

20 20

Warranty Time (Months) 12 12.0

Warranty Distance
(km)unlimited during
warranty period

20000 20000.0

No. of Free Service 3 3
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Raghunath Paswan 801108,Nagar Panchayat Maner
(Patna) Pin Code 801108

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category refuse compactor 

1.ARAI of complete product / equipment. If it is not available then ARAI of chassis will be required along with
confirmation from supplier (OEM/fabricator only) that they are conforming the CMVR rules for compliance of
equipment and registration of equipment with RTO is their responsibility.

2.Only bid /RA option will be available for buyer as these equipments are not standard and freight Intensive
product.

3.Test reports if any, desired by buyer will be provided by seller at the time of supply.
4.Operational and maintenance contract if desired by buyer will be provided as per their requirement.
5.Delivery period will be 90 days (normal).

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of Executive
Officer, Nagar Panchayat Maner A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be
withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released
in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped
along with covering letter.

                               5 / 6



 

Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

