












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697232

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Home Department Odisha

Organisation Name Odisha Police

Office Name State Police Headquarters

Total Quantity 7

Item Category Professional Large Format Display

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  68 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 34918

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 36

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
A.I.G. of Police (Provisoning), Odisha, Cuttack
State Police Headquarters, Home Department Odisha, Odisha Police , Buxibazar, Cuttack, 753001
(Balakrushna Hota)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 6



 

Professional Large Format Display ( 7 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Ungrouped Screen Size
(Diagonal) Minimum
(cm)

164 164, 175, 189, 216,
247, 203, 228, 304,
254 Or higher

Technology LED Backlit LED Backlit

Screen Type Touch Touch

Panel Technology In Plane Switching (IPS) *

Orientation Landscape *

Native Resolution
(Pixels)

3840 x 2160 (UHD) 3840 x 2160 (UHD)

Aspect Ratio 16:9 16:9

Brightness (Nits)
Minimum

600 600, 700, 1000, 1500
Or higher

Native Contrast Ratio
(Minimum)

- *

Viewing Angle
(Horizontal:Vertical)

178:178 *

Response Time (milli
seconds)

6 *

Bezel width (mm) 16 *

Number of Speakers 2 *

Arrangement of
Speakers

Inbuilt *

Wattage of Speaker
(with maximum 10%
THD) (Watt)

24 *

Output Port for audio
output if internal
speakers are not there

Available *

VGA Port Available *

HDMI Port Available *

DVI-D Port Not Available *

Display Port Not Available *

USB Port Available *

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/3O5lK4rdPmrAyhXhmfQsgVWZurav5oTsroTYWEAN2UA


 

RS 232C Port Available *

RJ 45 Available *

In built Sinage Software Available *

Power Consumption in
Operating Mode
(Maximum) (Watt)

160 *

Power Consumption in
Sleep Mode (Maximum)
(Watt)

0.5 *

Duty Cycle 24 x 7 24 x 7

Mounting arrangement - *

BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

If Yes, BIS Registration
number

- *

ROHS Compliance Yes *

Power Supply 230 V AC, 50 Hz *

Operating Temperature
Range (Degree C)

- *

Operating Humidity
(%RH)

- *

Dimensions (L X B) (cm
x cm)

- *

Weight (Kg) - *

Accessories to be
supplied : AC Power
cord, remote control,
user manual, wall
mount bracket,
necessary cables and
connectors

Yes *

On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 3

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Santosh Salim
Bage

751019,Biju Patnaik State
Police Academy (BPSPA),

7  15

                               4 / 6



 

Ranasinghpur,
Bhubaneswar, 751019

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Yes
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Yes

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.

                               5 / 6



 

Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

10.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

11.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

