












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709168

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 435

Item Category Turmeric ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Turmeric ( 435 kilogram ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make catch

Model turmericpowder1kgpack

                               1 / 7



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Requirements Form Ground Ground

Moisture content,
percent by mass, Max

11 *

Total ash content on
dry basis, percent by
mass, Max

8 *

Dilute HCL insoluble
ash on dry basis,
percent by mass, Max

NA *

Curcumin content, on
dry basis, percent by
mass, Max

2 *

Starch on dry basis,
percent by mass, Max

NA *

Presence of chromates Negative *

Lead, ppm, max 10 *

copper, ppm, max 5 *

salmonella (in 25 g) Absent *

Arsenic, ppm, max 0.1 *

Zinc, ppm, max 25 *

Cadmium, ppm, max 0.1 *

Tin, ppm, max Nil *

Physical Characteristics Types Turmeric powdered-
The Turmeric (Haldi)
powder shall be
prepared by grinding
clean and dry turmeric
(curcuma longa linn or
curcuma domestica
veleton) rhizomes It
shall be free from
added colouring matter
, preservatives and
extraneous matter

Turmeric powdered-
The Turmeric (Haldi)
powder shall be
prepared by grinding
clean and dry turmeric
(curcuma longa linn or
curcuma domestica
veleton) rhizomes It
shall be free from
added colouring matter
, preservatives and
extraneous matter

Odour and Flavour Turmeric whole or
ground (powdered)
shall have the
characteristic odour
and flavour of the spice
It shall be free from

*

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/zi4PxhuhLql9UyisT_C1u2VRwezCLs7RxYs-E53E8H8


 

mustiness or other
foreign flavours

Freedom from Moulds
and insects infestation

The Turmeric (Haldi)
powder shall befree
from dirt, Moulds
growth and insects
infestation

*

Extraneous matter Ground turmeric shall
be examined by
microscope It shall not
contain any
morphologically
extraneous

*

Defective Rhizomes These includes
immature, small
shrivelled and/or bulbs,
internally damaged,
hollow or porous
rhizomes, rhizomes
scorched due to boiling
and other damaged
rhizomes The
proportion of Defective
Rhizomes shall not
exceed 5 percent
(m/m)

*

Fineness The turmeric powdered
shall ground shall be
ground to such
fineness that all of it
passes through 300 µm
IS Sieve

*

Hygienic Conditions The turmeric, whole
and ground shall be
processed and packed
under hygienic
conditions (as per IS
14216)

*

Pesticide residues and
metallic contaminants
in the product shall not
exceed the limits as
prescribed in the
Prevention of Food
Adulteration Act,1954
and the Rules made
thereunder

Yes *

Packing Packing material Foodgrade polymers *

"The material shall be
packed in clean, sound
and dry container The
wooden boxes or jute
bags shall be suitably

yes *

                               3 / 7



 

lined with moisture-
proof lining which does
not impart any foreign
smell to the product
The packing material
shall be free from any
fungal or insect
infestation and should
not impart any foreign
smell Each container
shall be securely closed
and sealed"

Packing size (in gm) 1 1

Marking "The following
particulars shall be
legibly and indelibly
marked or labelled on
each container of
whole and ground: a)
Name of the material,
trade-name or brand
name, if any; b) Name
and address of the
manufacturer packer;
c) Batch or Code
number; d) Net mass;
e) Date of packing; f)
Year of harvest; g) Best
before(month/year);
and h) Any other
marking as required
under the Standards of
Weights and Measures
(Packaged
Commodities) Rules,
1977 and the
Prevention of Food
Adulteration Rules,
1955"

yes *

Shelf Life Shelf Life (years) 1 1

Certification Compliance to FSSAI
Standards

Yes *

FSSAI License Number
for Manufacturing

10015064000562 *

FSSAI License Number
for Reselling

10916005000004 *

Conformity to BIS
specifications 3576
(Latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI marked No *

BIS License number, if
ISI Marked

NA *

                               4 / 7



 

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

No *

Test Report to be
submitted to the Buyer
on Demand write NA if
Test report is not
available

NA *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********LUCKNOW 435  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised
Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being

                               5 / 7



 

and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his
premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .
The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 7
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

                               6 / 7



 

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

