












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/690983

  Dated: 29-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-20 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Earth Sciences

Department Name India Meteorological Department (imd)

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Mausam Bhawan New Delhi

Total Quantity 32000

Item Category Meteorological Balloons

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 390400

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 15

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Meteorologist-B
Mausam Bhawan New Delhi, India Meteorological Department (IMD), N/A, Ministry of Earth Sciences
(M Jayapalan)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted

                               2 / 6



 

price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Meteorological Balloons ( 32000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

PHYSICAL
CHARACTERISTICS

Color Natural / White Natural / White

Nominal Un-Inflated
Diameter

100 100.0

Minimum Bursting
Diameter

500 500, 600, 700, 800,
900, 1000 Or higher

GENERIC Application Meteorological Balloons
for Measurements of
upper Wind Data, Cloud
Data or other
Meteorological Data.

*

Material Natural Latex Rubber *

Workmanship Seamless Construction
with Uniform Thickness
of Rubber and capable
to withstand High
Temperature and
Humidity without
Significant
Deterioration. It should
be free from any
Obnoxious Smell.

*

PERFORMANCE Balloon Weight 350 350.0

Weight Tolerance 50 *

Payload 200 200, 300, 400, 500 Or
higher

Payload Tolerance 100 *

Neck Diameter 50 50.0

Neck Diameter
Tolerance

20 *

Neck Length 120 120.0

Neck Length Tolerance 10 *

Minimum Bursting
Height

25 25, 30 Or higher

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/xbnAjkab9nlV8w2lhhheQiFgFeHqQ3_qxg7IlpfYdK4


 

Bursting Height
Tolerance

2 *

PACKING / MARKING Packing / Marking 1. Each balloon is
thoroughly dried and
dusted with dry chalk
powder which shall
effectively prevent
cohesion of rubber.
Each balloon packed
seperately in sealed
bag. 2. Balloon type,
month and year of
manufacture stamped
on each balloon and its
packing bag / envelope
using indelible ink. 3.
Balloon bags packed in
sturdy water proof
material and packed in
suitable carton. 4. Date
of manufacturing, date
of expiry, lot no.,
company name , type
of balloon, quantity,
etc. clearly indicated
on the balloon box.

*

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA Sampling 1. Lot Size upto 500
Numbers., Sample Size
is 5 Numbers. 2. Lot
Size more than 500
Numbers., Sample Size
is 10 Numbers.

*

Testing 1. Visual Test: Each
balloon of the sample
shall meet the provided
weight and dimensions,
etc. The balloons shall
inflated with air till it
bursts. When inflated
the balloon shall
remain spherical. 2.
Performance Test:
Actual flight testing of
sample balloons in
various weather
conditions normally
encountered. The
sample shall meet the
provided bursting
height.

*

Acceptance Criteria 1. If 80 % sample
passes the test, lot will
be accepted. 2. If 70 %
balloons passes the
test, re-sampling will

*

                               4 / 6



 

be done. 3. If less than
70 % passes the test,
lot will be rejected.

WARRANTY WARRANTY 12 12.0

CERTIFICATION Is the Product
Certified by Central
Govt / NABL
approved / ILAC
accredited Lab or
Used by any
Government Buyer

No Yes, No

If Yes, Certificate
Number

- *

If Yes, Name of
Certifying Agency

- *

If Yes, Test report to be
furnished to the buyer
on Demand

NA *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mohd. Imran
Ansari

110003,India Meteorological
department, Mausam
Bhawan, Lodhi Road

32000  180

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial

                               5 / 6



 

year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 15% of total
value.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

