












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713526
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Haryana

Department Name Urban Local Bodies

Organisation Name Directorate Of Urban Local Bodies

Office Name Panchkula

Total Quantity 50

Item Category wheelbarrows

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate (Requested in
ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  600000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some

                               1 / 4



 

quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

Wheelbarrows ( 50 meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Conforming to Indian
Standard

IS 2431: 1963: latest for
Single wheel type Wheel
barrow

IS 2431: 1963: latest for
Single wheel type Wheel
barrow

Product ISI Marked No No

CM/L number - *

Nominal Capacity of
Wheel Barrow

85 Liters (Single Wheel Type
Wheel Barrow)

85 Liters (Single Wheel Type
Wheel Barrow)

Material used for
manufacture

Steel Sheets (Steel sheets
shall be not less than 1.60
mm in thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Steel Sheets (Steel sheets
shall be not less than 1.60
mm in thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Type of chassis frame Any other suitable steel
section, such as flat of size
30 X 6 mm

Any other suitable steel
section, such as flat of size
30 X 6 mm

Wheel Material MS with solid rubber tyre MS with solid rubber tyre

Minimum nominal width
of tyre (mm)

50 50

Minimum diameter of the
wheel (mm)

300 300

Minimum bearing length of
axle/spindle

25 mm at each end *

Type of bearing / bush Double Ball Bearing *

Maximum clearance
between the bearing and
axle (mm)

0.5 *

Finish of metal parts Other finish *

Finish other than Two coats
of black bituminous paint
and Galvanised

- *

Availability of Test Report
from NABL/ ILAC accredited
or Central Government Lab
to prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand

Yes *

Test report no - *

Test report date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/e2clyD-usly1Ek7sUqO7h6Tky3wDLa3RsN3aPOPZhqQ


 

Minimum diameter of the
axle / spindle (mm)

25 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Raj Kumar Sharma 136027,Municipal Council Office,
Near Saheed Chowk, Kaithal (HR)

50  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can

form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               3 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

http://www.tcpdf.org

