












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710736

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Northern Coalfields Limited

Office Name Singrauli

Total Quantity 1022

Item Category Industrial Gear Oil

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  70 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  99164.44

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 7



 

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 70% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Industrial Gear Oil ( 1022 liter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Grade Grade of Gear oil VG-1000 VG-46, VG-68, VG-100,
VG-150, VG-220,
VG-320, VG-460,
VG-680, VG-1000

REQUIREMENTS FOR
GEAR OIL

Kinematic
viscosity*at 4O°C,
cSt

900-1000 41.4-50.6, 61.2-74.8,
90.0-110, 135-165,
198-242, 288-352,
414-506, 612-748,
900-1000

"Flash point, Cleveland 230 *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/bctxxjFQzrx_rCidChTJPip0tfW3RqM3DxeUhEWwn98


 

( open ) cup, °C, Min "

Viscosity index, Min 85 85, 90

Pour point, °C, Max 0 *

" Acidity, inorganic " Nil *

"Copper strio corrosion
test at 10±1°C for 3 h"

Not worse than No. 1 *

" Oxidation stability
@121°C, 312 h, 10
litres air/h "

Increase in kinematic
viscosity at 1O0°C not
exceed 6 percent

*

Rust protection No rust after 24 h with
synthetic sea water

*

Ash, percent by
mass,Max

0.1 *

"Demulsibility : (for R
and 0 type ) Percent
water in oil after 5-hour
test, Max "

0.5 *

Demulsibility : (for R
and 0 type ) Cuff after
centrifuging, ml,Max

NA *

Demulsibility : (for R
and 0 type ) Total free
wale1 collictcd during
test (starting with 45
ml of water), Min

NA *

"Foam stability :
volume of foam after
10 minutes, rest, ml
Max: a)Sequence I at
24°C, b)Sequence II at
93 point 5°C c)
Sequence III at 24C
after test at 93 point
5°C "

10 *

Air release 5O°C,
minutes

NA *

Air release 9O°C,
minutes

20 *

Demulsibility: Percent,
water in oil after 5 h
test, Max

1 *

Demulsibility: Cuff after
centrifuging, ml, Max

VG 460-VG 1000 (2.0) *

Demulsibility: Total free
water collect-d during
tebt ( stalting with 90
ml of water ), Min

VG 460-VG 1000 (70) *

Additive solubility Must be filterable to 25 *

                               3 / 7



 

µm (microns ) without
loss of EP additive

Timken EP test OK
load, Min

VG 150-VG 100 (27 kg) *

4-Ball EP test : Weld
load, kg, Min

VG 460-VG 1000 (250) *

4-Ball EP test : LWI, kg,
Min

VG 460-VG 1000 (45) *

Four ball wear (54 Deg
C /1800 rpm/20 Kg/1
Hr) scar diameter,
mm,Max

0.35 *

FZG-Niemann EP test,
pass load stage, Min

11th load stage *

Packing , Marking and
Labelling

"The material shall be
supplied in suitable
drums and containers
of appropriate sizes
and strength suitable
for transport and
subject to the
provisions of Red Tariff
Rules and Rates for the
Conveyances by Rail of
Explosives and Other
Dangerous Goods,
issued by the Indian
Railway Conference
Association with any
alterations or additions
made thereafter"

YES *

The material shall be
packed in metal
containers or in any
other suitable
containers as agreed to
between the purchaser
and the supplier

MS Barrels *

Packing Size (Litres) 210 *

The material shall be
supplied in accordance
with the marking and
delivery instructions
given by the purchaser

YES *

"Each container shall
be marked with the
following information:
a) Name, grade and
type of the material; b)
Indication of the source
of manufacture; c)
Recognized trade-

YES *

                               4 / 7



 

mark, if any; d) Net
mass of the contents;
e) Month and year of
manufacture; and f)
Batch number or code
number"

"Each container may
also be marked with
the Standard Mark"

YES *

Certification Conforming to IS:8406
(Latest)

YES *

Whether ISI Marked No *

CM/L Number(Must
declare if ISI Marked)

YES *

RDSO Approval NA *

RDSO approval
certificate to be
submitted to the buyer
on demand

NA *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/ State
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab(hint:
Must be declared

Yes *

Test Report Number(
Must be declared, write
NA if Test Report is not
available)

- *

Test Report date( Must
be declared, write NA if
Test Report is not
available)

- *

Name of the Lab( Must
be declared, write NA if
Test Report is not
available)

- *

Address of the Lab(
Must be declared, write
NA if Test Report is not
available)

- *

Test Report to be
furnished to the Buyer
on demand( Must be
declared, write NA if
Test Report is not
available)

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               5 / 7



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sanjeev Mohan 486890,REGIONAL STORES,
JAYANT PROJECT, NCL, PO -
JAYANT, DISTT - SINGRAULI
M.P.

1022  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NOT APPLICABLE
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: APPLICABLE

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

5.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case

                               6 / 7



 

the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): AS PER BID DETAILS.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

11.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

