












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700785
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Coalfields Limited

Office Name Central Coalfields Limited

Total Quantity 50

Item Category  chairs-office

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  22 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 11475

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 4



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Chief Manager(MM)
Central Coalfields Limited, Materials Management, Central Coalfields Limited, Ministry of Coal
(Prafulla Kumar Sinha)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

 Chairs-office ( 50 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Type of material (other
then wood) used in
Polythene cane Chair

NOT APPLICABLE NOT APPLICABLE

Material of Fabric Back
Cover

N.A N.A

Thickness of Plywood used
in Backrest IN MM (±1 mm)

N.A *

Frame Material ERW pipe ERW pipe

Density of Polyurethane
Foam Used in Seat ±2
(Kg/Cub M)

45 Kg/Cub.M *

Material of Fabric of Seat
Cover

fabric fabric

Density of Polyurethane
Foam Used in Backrest
±2(Kg/Cub M)

N.A *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/mZ4MzTDZEfkt17sOv08jPe9GXbbH8df-7KggBbsvL-I


 

Thickness of Plywood
used in Seat ±1(mm)

12 mm 12 mm

GSM/Thickness of Fabric
±5 (Gram per Sq Meter)

250 Gram per Sq Meter 250 Gram per Sq Meter

Arm Material polyurethane polyurethane

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam Used
in Backrest IN MM (+/- 3
mm)

N.A N.A

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam Used
in Seat IN MM (+/- 3 mm)

50 mm 50 mm

Shoe Type plastic *

GENERIC Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 3499 (Part-1)
Latest

No *

Chair Type With Arms With Arms

Type of Seat and
Backrest

Seat made of padded with
polyurethane foam and
Backrest made of Mesh with
support of injection
moulded polypropylene

Seat made of padded with
polyurethane foam and
Backrest made of Mesh with
support of injection
moulded polypropylene

Frame Type Cantilever Cantilever

Castors Without Without

DIMENSION Size of Material (mm) 16 SWG 30 mm round pipe 16 SWG 30 mm round pipe

Chair Height ±15(mm) 1000 mm 1000 mm

Seat Depth ±10(mm) 500 mm 500 mm

Seat Width ±10 (mm) 470 mm 470 mm

Seat Height IN MM
±5(mm)

460 460

Backrest Width ±10(mm) 480 mm 480 mm

Backrest Height
±10(mm)

500 mm 500 mm

Arm Length ±5(mm) 200 mm 200 mm

Arm Width ±2(mm) 50 mm 50 mm

COLOUR & FINISH Colour of Fabric for Seat and
Backrest

black *

Paint Type powder coated on MS powder coated on MS

Colour of Paint black *

CERTIFICATION Polythene cane conforming
to Type-1 of IS 5378 /1994

NA *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES YES

BIFMA certification NO NO

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES YES

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

YES YES

                               3 / 4



 

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

YES YES

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years

1 1

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prafulla Kumar Sinha 829201,Regional Stores Piparwar
P. O. Bachra District. Chatra

50  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

