












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703300

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 86

Item Category High Vacuum Suction Machine for medical purposes

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  16 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 48985

                               1 / 9



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 26

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director GMSCL
Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Block 14 Dr.Jivraj Mehta Bhavan Sector 10,
Gandhinagar -382010
(Dr.suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

High Vacuum Suction Machine For Medical Purposes ( 86 pieces )

                               2 / 9



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product description High Vacuum suction
machine -Medical
(Aspiration unit)

*

Clinical purpose Suction may be used to
clear the respiratory
tract/airway of blood,
saliva, vomit, or
other secretions so that
a patient may breathe,
also to remove the
blood from the area
where surgery is to be
carried out

*

Application Minor OT, Surgery,
Intencive care unit,
Emergency
department, Wards,
Obstetrics,
Gastroenterology,
Plastic surgery

*

MATERIAL &
CONSTRUCTION

Material of cabinet
(Base, top and
panel)

Epoxy powder coated
Mild Steel (MS) with SS
Top

Epoxy powder coated
Mild Steel (MS), Epoxy
powder coated Mild
Steel (MS) with SS Top,
Complete SS body

Rust proof housing
cabinet and castor
wheels

Yes *

The unit is mounted in
such a way as to
produce minimum
vibrations

Yes *

Material of twin
jars/bottles

unbreakable
Polycarbonate (PC)

unbreakable
Polycarbonate (PC)

Suction bottles/jars
with Synthetic rubber
lid and fitted with
arrangement to
prevent overflow of
fluid to outside

Yes *

Capacity of each
suction bottle/jar
graduated (ml)

2000 2000

Interconnected
jar/bottle with overflow

Yes *

                               3 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/dmkx5qxj5O0--Y-nhtU4yVcZ3MbyU6hCEMFjcjuKeHg


 

protection device

Double overflow
protection with safety
device provided

Yes *

Non-collapsible
suction tubing ID
(mm)

10 10

Material of suction
tube

Silicon Silicon

Minimum Length of
suction tube (mtr)

2 *

Flutter free vacuum
control knob provided

Yes *

Bacterial suction
filter/air filters and
water traps between
the suction bottle and
suction pump provided

Yes *

Material of tray Stainless Steel (SS) *

Vacuum Gauge
(Bourdon tube type)
with concentric scale
marking in black on
white background,
mounted in panel,
easily visible during
use of machine

"7.5cm dia, 0 to
760mmHg"

"7.5cm dia, 0 to
760mmHg"

Entire unit mounted on
four castor wheels with
minimum two breaks

Yes *

Material of castor
wheels

Thermoplastic
Rubber(TPR)

Thermoplastic
Rubber(TPR)

Facility for easy
maintenance

Back open *

Size (HxWxL)
(mmxmmxmm)

- *

Weight (Kg) 7 to 12 *

OPERATIONAL &
TECHNICAL
REQUIREMENTS

Input power supply 220+/-10% V, 50Hz,
Single phase AC and
also 12 V, DC battery
operated

220+/-10% V, 50Hz,
Single phase AC and
also 12 V, DC battery
operated

Power consumption
(Watt)

80 *

Power indicator Yes *

Integrated on/off switch
on the trolley

Yes *

In-built maintenance
free battery of

Yes Yes, No

                               4 / 9



 

suitable capacity
provided

Minimum battery
backup on full
charge (minutes)

60 60

Power cable for
usage in
ambulance/car
provided

No Yes, No

Motor capacity (HP) 0.5 0.5

The motor shall
conform to IS:996/1979

Yes *

Type of suction
pump

Oil free Oil free

Heavy duty motorized
pump for fast vacuum
built-up

Yes *

Minimum air flow
displacement of
suction pump
(Ltrs/Minute)

25 to 30 25 to 30

Built-up Vacuum
(Maximum)

"-713 +/-10mmHg
(-95kPa)"

"-713 +/-10mmHg
(-95kPa)"

Sound level (Maximum)
(dB)

55 *

STANDARD
ACCESSORIES

Compatible 3 core
power cord with
Indian plug

5 meter length 5 meter length

Jars/ Bottles (No) 2 *

Suction tubing (set) 2 2

PACKING MODE The product is packed
individually in a
wooden/corrugated box
including all the
accessories in such a
way that there will be
no transit damage
during transportation
till destination

Yes *

ENVIRONMENTAL
CONSIDERATIONS

Storage conditions Temperature 0 deg C
to 50 deg C, RH 10% to
90%

*

Work or usage
environment

Temperature 10 deg C
to 50 deg C, RH 10% to
90%

*

MARKING Product is ISI
Marked

Yes Yes

BIS License No (CM/L Yes *

                               5 / 9



 

No)

CERTIFICATIONS &
REPORTS

Submission of Test
Report from OEM
complying the declared
specification at the
time of supply

YES *

Product certification EU-CE *

Four digit number of
notified body If product
is EU-CE certified

- *

Certificate No - *

Certificate Date - *

Certificate issuring
authority

- *

Certification,
performance and
safety standards
specific to the device

IEC 60601-1:2012,IEC 6
060-1-2:2014,IS:4533/1
995,IS:7080
(Part-3)/1992

*

Submission of all the
certifications and test
reports to the buyer
along with supplies on
demand

Yes *

WARRANTY &
MAINTENANCE

Onsite Warranty
(Year)

2 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

User technical and
maintenance manual
detailing complete
maintaining schedule
with routine
maintenance should be
provided

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier
and local service agent
to be provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dr Ganesh 395001,New Civil Hospital 35  15

                               6 / 9



 

Govekar Campus, Majura Gate, Surat

2 Dr. Nitin Vora 380060,Medical College
sola, Near Guj. High Court
Ahmedabad-380060

15  15

3 DR.Sureshbhai
Punjabhai Rathod

362002,GMERS MEDICAL
COLLEGE, NEAR MAJEVADI
GATE, PADDOCK ROAD,
JUNAGADH.

36  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Managing
Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited payable at Gandhinagar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited Account
No. 32638352973 IFSC Code SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India  Branch address 
NSC Branch, Gandhinagar.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of more than 10% (Upload the undertaking). The original
Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of
AMC Performance Security for 5% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months
(if there is no other claim).

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /

                               7 / 9



 

State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited payable at 
Gandhinagar. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD
in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer
within 15 days of award of contract.

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services
Corporation limited Account No. 32638352973 IFSC Code SBIN0008434 Bank Name State
Bank of India  Branch address NSC Branch, Gandhinagar. Successful Bidder to indicate
Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-
line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in
place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

14.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

16.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               8 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

http://www.tcpdf.org

