












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714392
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name North Zone

Total Quantity 255

Item Category Photocopier Paper with Printing

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Photocopier Paper With Printing ( 255 ream )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification "Generally Conforming to
Indian Standard IS 14490 :
latest

Yes *

                               1 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/r9WCsMsiWxo4MWFt_W1pnOxp4gJlB2PjkLj5NkPJvF4


 

Whether ISI Marked No *

"If yes,give BIS License
Number"

- *

Test Method as per IS:1060 Yes *

Test Report Details Availability of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
specification

No *

Test Report to be Submitted
to the Buyer on demand

Yes *

Type and Colour Printing of logo single colour *

Details of printing - *

Watermark logo No *

Details of logo - *

Colour, size and location of
logo will be specified in
purchase order

Yes *

Additional Requirements for
eco mark

"The material shall be
manufactured from pulp
containing not less than 60
percent by mass of pulp
made from materials other
than bamboo,hard woods
,softwoods and reed or the
material shall be
manufactured from pulp
made from 100 percent
waste paper"

NA *

Physical Characteristics The photocopier paper shall
be devoid of pinholes The
surface shall be well
calendered, quite smooth
and free from fluff or loose
flbres Surface sizing with
starch is desirable for
avoiding fluff

Yes *

The paper shall have good
dimensional stability,
thermal stability and shall
not have any static charge

Yes *

"ISO
Brightness,percent,Min"

80 Any applicable numeric
value

"Moisture
content,percent,Max"

5.5 Any applicable numeric
value

Opacity, percent, Min 88.5 Any applicable numeric
value

One minute cobb test,
g/m2, Max

30.5 Any applicable numeric
value

Surface strength,
Dennison(Wax Pick)

No pick on 12 A No pick on 12 A, "No pick on
13 A"

Smoothness for both
sides (Bendsten),ml/min

150 150 - 300

"Ash
content(900◦C),percent
by mass,Max"

16.5 Any applicable numeric
value

                               2 / 5



 

"Taber Stiffness
,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

1.5 Any applicable numeric
value

Taber Stiffness ,Cross
Direction(CD),Min

0.5 Any applicable numeric
value

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

3 Any applicable numeric
value

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Cross
Direction(CD)Min,"

4 Any applicable numeric
value

"Tensile Index Machine
Direction (MD) ,Nm/g,
Min"

39.5 Any applicable numeric
value

Tensile Index Cross
Direction(CD),Nm/g,Min

24.5 Any applicable numeric
value

Size and GSM Size of paper A4 A4

Grammage (GSM)(g/m2) 65 65

"If any other GSM, please
specify"

- *

Quantity Number of sheets in a
pack(nos)

100 100

Net weight per pack (kg) 0.4 Any applicable numeric
value

Packing and Marking Packing Paper in reams shall be
securely packed with one
layer of wrapping paper/
duplex board of min 200
GSM or two layers of
wrapping paper of 100
gsm(min) each The reams
inside the carton shall be
covered with LDPE film of 1
x 10^-2 mm thick (min)
Finally 10/5 reams shall be
packed in carton of 5 ply
construction suitable for
safe rail/road transit These
carton shall be of double
wall construction generally
conforming to IS: 2771 (part
I) 1990 with amdt no 1 & 2
and style 0620 of IS:
6481:1971 The weight of
carton shall not exceed 40
kgs (approx) The carton
shall be closed with the gum
paper tape 50 mm (min)
wide & finally secured by
nylon strapping of size 13
mm wide 2 Nos on each
side The edges of the nylon
strap shall be heat sealed
overlapping each other by
min 25 mm

*

The package should be
marked with Description
and size of
Paper,Quantity,Mass of
500/250 sheets including
wrapping paper in kg/ream

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

Chargeable wt should be
net wt excluding the wt of
packing,Lot Number and
month/year of
manufacturing,Name of
manufacturer

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 DEVMAN YADAV 110034,BHAGWAN MAHAVIR
HOSPITAL GNCT OF DELHI H-4/5,
GURU HARKISHAN MARG,
PITAMPURA, DELHI-110034

255  15

Special terms and conditions for category Photocopier Paper with Printing 

1.Subject to provisions of Public Procurement (preference to `Make in India`) order 2017 notified vide Department
of Industrial Policy and Promotion Ministry of Commerce and Industry order dated 31st July2018 the following
types of Paper Paper Board and Newsprint where sufficient domestic manufacturing capacity and local
competition is available minimum local content is specified as below: Type of Paper - Photocopier Paper with
Printing Relevant BIS Standard - IS 14490:1997 Minimum Local Content (%) - 75

2.The minimum local content shall be reckoned with reference to ex-factory price (pre-GST) on which the
manufacturer has paid GST.

3.The Public Procurement of paper for office supplies and printing of textbooks should be certified to be
manufactured in India by paper mill that does not import more than 25% of its total raw material consumed.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.

2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer
before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

4.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can
form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

5.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the contract, does not contain
Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical damage, loss of

                               4 / 5



 

information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property Right (IPRs) are caused due to
activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

