












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702650

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Haryana

Department Name Police Department Haryana

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Panchkula

Total Quantity 323

Item Category Body Worn Camera System

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  55 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  440 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 8



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Body Worn Camera System ( 323 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Components in the
System

Body Worn Camera
System (BWCS) consist
of a single device
comprising a Camera,
Rechargeable battery
and Recording unit

*

Function To capture clear, high
definition video, audio
and still photographs
from the perspective of
the officer wearing the
BWCS (Point of View)

*

Camera mounting Comfortable to wear on
the body. Mounted /

*

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/y62C7FUkZzFPKJrL8WpOxcCKDnSt9-OrJz_9BV4REdw


 

installed on the
Shoulder or shirt front
or shirt pocket etc with
ambidextrous design
mounting clip /
attachment to keep the
camera stable.

Video type Colour Video *

CAMERA Camera Image
Sensing capacity
(Picture Mode)
(Mega Pixels)

10 MP 10 MP

Recording resolution 1920 x 1080 Pixel 1920 x 1080 Pixel

Field of view of Lens
(Wide Angle)

140 to 160 Degrees 140 to 160 Degrees

Camera Sensor /
imager

CMOS *

Camera Lens Auto focusing Lens *

Recording Speed
(Minimum)

30 fps *

Day and Night Camera
with Night vision
infrared LED light

Yes *

Minimum distance of IR
illumination in
complete darkness

10 *

Display Screen With *

Screen size / type 2"/ LCD Colur Display *

Flash Auto Trigger *

Capable to take
photographs while
video recording

Yes *

Date and Time
Stamping onto videos /
photographs

Yes *

GPS coordinates
Stamping onto Videos /
photographs

Yes *

Pre-event Recording
time (Prior to press of
recording button)

30 Seconds *

In-built Wifi Yes *

Connectivity interface WiFi 802.11
b/g/n,Bluetooth LE,3
G,4 G - LTE,USB

*

Supported Picture or
image format

JPEG *

                               3 / 8



 

Video output format AVI,MOV,MP4,H.264 *

Supported Video
Compression format

MPEG-4 / H.264 *

Supported Audio
Compression format

MP3,WMA,AAC *

Video compression
frame rate

Upto 30 fps *

Overall Dimensions
(WxDxH) (mm x mm x
mm)

- *

Overall Weight
(including battery and
carrying case)

- *

Details of attachments
for mounting, (such as
Pocket mount, Molle
mount, Chest mount,
Shoulder mount)
inclusive in the supply

- *

List of items included in
the supply package

- *

Security features User not permitted to
delete / edit / overwrite
of videos / photographs

*

Configuration and
Video Management
(inclusive in the scope
of supply)

Management software
allows the
administrator to back-
up and transfer data
from one or multiple
devices and also allow
query on the basis of
device, user, time,
filename etc. All
configurations
including adjustment of
real time clock, delete /
overwrite of videos /
photographs is possible
only through the
management software
controlled by the
administrator

*

STORAGE Storage type Micro SD memory card *

Storage capacity 32GB 32GB

Memory card
Expandable upto

128GB *

Data transfer USB 2.0 *

BATTERY Source of Power Powered by
rechargeable cells

*

                               4 / 8



 

Battery Inclusive in the supply *

Chemistry of
rechargeable Battery

Li-ion *

Battery capacity 3000 mAh 3000 mAh, 3500 mAh

Active Battery Back-up
in continuous video
mode

10 *

Battery recharge time
from empty to full
capacity

4 *

Separate Battery
charger (Inclusive in
the scope of supply)

Yes *

ENVIRONMENTAL Protection against
Dust, Water

IP 65 *

Operating Temperature
(minimum)

-30 *

Operating Temperature
(maximum)

60 *

Operating Humidity -
Non condensing
(RH)(%)

95 *

WARRANTY On-site Warranty 2 2.0

CERTIFICATION Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Govt Lab to prove
conformity of products
to the specification

Yes *

Test Report Number &
Date

- *

Name & address of the
Lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anil Kumar 134109,DGP,Haryana
Sec-6,Panchkula

323  40

                               5 / 8



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

10.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

                               6 / 8



 

12. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

13.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

14.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

15.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

16.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

17.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

18.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

19.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and

                               7 / 8



 

Commissioning of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

