












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704397

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Haryana

Department Name Police Department Haryana

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Sp Office Hansi

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Desktop Computers

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Desktop Computers ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/tvAJOFh_yEzioETs_oOp-tpzXQWiCkhJmbJfTRSXTsQ


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Processor Processor Make Intel Intel

Processor
Generation

9 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 Or
higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

6 2, 4, 6, 8 Or higher

Processor Base
Frequency (GHz)

2.9 *

Processor
Description

Intel Core i5 Intel Core i5, Intel Core
i7, Intel Core i9 Or
higher

Processor Number Intel Core i5 9400 *

Out of Band
Management

NA *

Cache (MB) 9 *

Motherboard Chipset Series Intel B Series Intel H Series, Intel B
Series, Intel Q Series,
Intel Z Series Or higher

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
1) (Number)

1 *

Chipset Number Intel B 365 *

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
4) (Number)

0 *

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
16) (Number)

1 *

Expansion Slots (PCI)
(Number)

0 *

Expansion Slots (M Dot
2)

2 *

Graphics Graphics Type Integrated *

Graphic Card
Description

- *

Size of Memory in Case
of Dedicated Graphic
Card (GB)

0 *

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics
(MB)

- *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Windows 10
Professional

Windows 10
Professional, Linux,
DOS, Windows 10
Home, Windows 10
Professional under
Microsoft Shape the
Future Program

                               2 / 9



 

Recovery Image Media - *

OS Certification Windows *

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 8 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 Or
higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 2666 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

2 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

1 *

RAM Expandability
up to( using spare
DIMM Slots in GB)

32 8, 16, 32, 64, 0, 128 Or
higher

Storage Total Number of
Internal Bays available

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
inches internal Bays

0 *

Number of 3 point 5
inches Internal Bays

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

0 *

Number of 3 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

1 *

Type of Drives used
to populate the
Internal Bays

HDD HDD, SSD, SSHD, SSED

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
HDD

1 *

Capacity of each HDD
(GB)

1000 @7200 rpm *

Total HDD Capacity
(GB)

1000 500, 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000, 0 Or
higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSD

0 *

Capacity of each SSD
(GB)

0 *

Total SSD Capacity
(GB)

0 128, 256, 384, 512,
768, 0, 1024, 2048 Or
higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with

0 *

                               3 / 9



 

SSHD

Capacity of each SSHD
(GB)

NA *

Total SSHD Capacity
in addition to 8 GB
Flash (GB)

0 500, 1000, 2000, 0 Or
higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Cabinet Cabinet Form Factor SFF ( 7 to 13 Litres) SFF ( 7 to 13 Litres),
Tower (13.1 to 26
Litres)

Cabinet Volume (Litres) - *

External Bays
(Number)

1 *

Optical Drive DVD R/W *

Internal Speaker No *

Audio-in Yes *

Audio-out Yes *

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in Yes *

Connectivity Wireless Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

Wi-Fi 802.11ac *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

Type of Ethernet Ports 10/100/1000 on board
Integrated Gigabit Port

*

Bluetooth Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Version of
Bluetooth Available

4.2 *

Ports Number of USB Version
2 Point 0 Ports

4 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 0 / 3 point 1,
Gen 1 Ports

4 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 1, Gen 2 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Type C
Ports

0 *

Number of Serial Ports 1 *

Number of Parallel
Ports

0 *

Number of VGA Ports 1 *

Number of HDMI Ports 1 *

                               4 / 9



 

Number of DP Ports 0 *

Monitor Model of the Monitor - *

Monitor Technology IPS IPS, TN, VA Or higher

LED Backlit Monitor
Size (INCHES)

19.5 18.5, 19.5, 21.5, 22,
23, 24, 27, 20, 23.8, 19
Or higher

Monitor Resolution
(PIXELS)

1440 x 900 1366x768, 1440 x 900,
1600 x 900,
1920x1080, 1920 x
1200, 3200x1800,
3840 x 2160, 1280 x
1024, 2560 x 1440 Or
higher

TCO Certification for
Monitor

- *

Number of VGA Ports in
the Monitor

1 *

Number of HDMI Ports
in the Monitor

0 *

Number of Display
Ports in the Monitor

0 *

Availability of Webcam
integrated with Monitor

No *

If Yes, Resolution of
Webcam

NA *

Availability of Speakers
integrated with Monitor

No *

If Yes, Number of
Speakers available

0 *

Power Power Supply Capacity
(Watt)

- *

Minimum Power
Efficiency Range (%)

90 - 94 *

Certification ROHS Compliance Yes *

BEE / Energy Star for
the given Model

Yes *

Input Devices Mouse Connectivity Wired *

Type of Mouse Optical Scroll *

Keyboard Connectivity Wired *

Type of Keyboard Standard *

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

40 *

Minimum Operating 10 *

                               5 / 9



 

Humidity (%RH)

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

90 *

Warranty On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

5 3, 5, 4 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vipin Yadav 125033,sp office hansi 1  7

Special terms and conditions for category Desktop Computers 

1.As per notification of MEITY circulated vide letter no. F.No.33(1)/2017-IPHW..dated
:14/09/2017, the minimum local content should be 45.percent to qualify as local or domestic
manufacturer.\n\nSeller has to ensure that operating system software etc comes preloaded
with machine from respective OEM . Any deviation in respect of genuinity and authenticity of
OS will attract severe penalty on part of seller as law of the land and contractual provisions.
Buyer are also requested to verify the key no of OS etc with server of Microsoft/Linux before
accepting machines to avoid complexity at latter stage.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 10 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate

                               6 / 9



 

to this effect should be submitted.
5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NOT NEEDED
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: NOT NEEDED

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide

AMC Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 5 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 5% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

GST
Amount
on Fresh

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback

GST
Amount

on

Quote of
the

Bidder (G

                               7 / 9



 

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

Good (C) items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

={A+C-
D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.

                               8 / 9



 

15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

12.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of NIL payable
at NIL.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

14.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 7
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

15.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

