












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703698

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Kaiga Karnataka

Total Quantity 2

Item Category buses

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594635066.pdf

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1779166/1594635066.pdf


 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Buses ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Seating
Capacity (Nos.)

57 57.0 - 60.0 Or higher

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI *

Colour of the Vehicle - *

Vehicle Colour Type Solid Solid

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)

6.71 6.71 - 50.0 Or higher

Top Speed (Kmph) 80 *

Acceleration
(0-100KmPH) (sec)

67.23 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
(Degree)

- *

Air Conditioning Without Without

Engine BHP@rpm
(Hp@rpm)

- 180hp2200rpm

Engine Torque
Max@rpm (N-
m@rpm)

- 590nm1000-2000rpm

No. of Cylinder in
Engine (Nos.)

4 More than 4.0 Or
higher

Type of Vehicle Body Chassis Frame Chassis Frame

No. of Doors (Nos.) 1 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs.)

250 *

Length of Vehicle
Body (mm)

11745 More than 11745.0 Or
higher

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/vZ9wX85U6PqTdY6H0HEdtHsA6FQA6-9SuLD-1TdjQzI


 

Width of Vehicle
Body (mm)

2600 More than 2600.0 Or
higher

Height of Vehicle
Body (mm)

3280 More than 3280.0 Or
higher

Ground Clearance
(mm)

240 More than 240.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base (mm) 5700 More than 5700.0 Or
higher

Boot Space
Availability

Yes Yes

Boot Space (if Yes)
(Ltrs.)

2250 *

Kerb Weight (Kg) 9620 9620.0

Gross Vehicle Weight
(Kg)

16200 *

Size Of Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Wheel (mm) - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

No. of Speed/
Forward Gears
(Nos.)

6 More than 6.0 Or
higher

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel Drive (Rear
Wheel)

Two Wheel Drive (Rear
Wheel)

Drive Axle Rear Rear

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius (mm) 10600 Less than 10600.0 Or
lower

Vehicle Brake ABS
Fitted

Yes Yes

Front Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Vehicle Air Intake
System

TurboCharged TurboCharged

Speed Governor with
valid certification

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Battery Warranty
(Month)

12 More than 12.0 Or
higher

Warranty Time
(Month)

12 More than 12.0 Or
higher

Unlimited Warranty
Distance (Km)during
warranty period

No No

                               3 / 8



 

Warranty Distance
(Km) If not Unlimited
during warranty period

100000 *

No. Of Free Service 3 *

Transportation
Charges including
transient insurance
and temporary
registration (Rs/Km)

- 18

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- aapn0263date19.03.20
20

Conformity to GSR
287(E)

Yes Yes

Constructional
Parameters

Body Specification - *

Hat type tube diameter 0 *

Hat type tube
diameter/or other
frame( thickness)

0 *

Base Frame Structure
ISMC/ for Monocoque

yes *

Exterior Panel
thickness of side body
and roof/ for
Monocoque

0.95 *

Interior Panel thickness
of side body and roof/
for Monocoque

0.72 *

Flooring Made Out from
ISI Marked 12 mm thick
BWR grade plywood
covered with
vinyle/Aluminium sheet

Yes *

Seating Plan Yes *

Doors Yes *

Glasses No *

Top portion of fixed
glass window & bottom
portion in two halves in
sliding pattern

Yes *

Passenger
Compartment - Roof
light

Yes *

Over Head Storage
cabinet/Railing,

Yes *

Hand Rail,Hanging
Hook,

Yes *

Day and Night View No *

                               4 / 8



 

Mirror

Fire Extingusher Yes *

BIS marked
Pneumatic Tyres and
tubes for both front
and rear

Yes Yes

Driver Airbag No *

Exhaust Fan No *

Central Locking No *

First Aid Box, Swiveling
Fan, etc

Yes *

Other fitments:-
Electric bell and Siren

No *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Praveen Kumar
Lagudu

581400,Plant Site, Kaiga
Generating Station, PO:
Kaiga

2  90

Special terms and conditions for category buses 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

                               5 / 8



 

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               6 / 8



 

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised

Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being
and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his
premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .
The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): At the time of supply:
SUBMISSION OF NECESSARY ARAI CERTIFICATE REAGRDING IMPLEMENTATION OF BUS BODY
CODE & AIS 153.

5.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by

                               7 / 8



 

concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

