












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710693

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 23:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 23:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Panchayati Raj Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Modinagar

Total Quantity 8

Item Category tricycle or rickshaw

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  13 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 7



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Tricycle Or Rickshaw ( 8 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification
Parameters

Manufacturer Drawing
No.

- *

Generic Parameters Driving Mechanism Pedestal Chain Pedestal Chain

Length of Tricycle
(mm)

2400 2400.0, 2300.0

Length of Cart (mm) 1500 1500

Width of Cart (mm) 1000 1000

Height of Cart (mm) 300 300

Number of Plastic
Containers with lid
and handle (Nos)

8 8

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jsPnASGFJcx-fRA_pW613k0nkDPs1llUV--P-MT8Sgc


 

Capacity of the each
Container (Litres)

30 30.0

Material of the
Container and Lid

Virgin HDPE Virgin HDPE

Material of Handle of
container

- *

Loading Capacity of the
Tricycle (Kg)

- *

Constructional
Parameters

Frame Structure Made of MS Tubes Made of MS Tubes

Diameter of MS Tube
(mm)

2.5 2.5

Thickness of MS
Tube (mm)

2.75 2.75

Cart Frame Material MS Angle of size 25 x
25 x 3 mm

MS Angle of size 25 x
25 x 3 mm

Material of Bottom
Plate of Cart

Mild steel plate Mild steel plate

Thickness of Bottom
Plate of Cart (mm)

4 4.0

Holes in Bottom Plate
of Cart

Having 12 mm
diameter holes at a
distance of 200 mm
square Matrix

*

Lengthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support
the MS Plate (Nos)

3 *

Widthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support
the MS Plate (Nos)

1 *

Stiffener Material M S Angle of size 25 x
25 x 3 mm

M S Angle of size 25 x
25 x 3 mm

Finish of Handle Nickel and Chrome
Plated

*

Finish of Chain Wheel Nickel and Chrome
Plated

*

Finish of Crank Nickel and Chrome
Plated

*

Front Rim Thickness
(mm)

2 *

Number of Front Wheel
(Nos)

1 *

Type of Front Wheel Tyre Tube Wheel Puncherless
Rubberised Wheel, Tyre
Tube Wheel

                               3 / 7



 

Front Rim Diameter
(mm)

38 *

Front Rim Width (mm) 400 *

Number of Spikes in
Rear Wheel (Nos)

2 *

Diameter of Spike of
Front Wheel (mm)

622 622.0

Number of Rear
Wheels (Nos)

2 2

Type of Rear Wheels Puncherless
Rubberised Wheel

Puncherless
Rubberised Wheel

Rear Rim Diameter
(mm)

622 622.0

Rear Rim Width
(mm)

150 150.0

Rear Rim Thickness
(mm)

100 *

Number of Spikes in
Front Wheel (Nos)

100 *

Thickness of Spike of
Rear Wheel (mm)

100 100.0

Daimeter/ Width of
Spike in Rear Wheel
(mm)

100 *

Support Details of Rear
Wheels

- *

Minimum Wall
thickness of the
Plastic Container
and Lid (mm)

16 16.0, 10.0

Maximum Ash
content of the
container and Lid
when tested as per
Annex D of IS
14887/2014 (%)

1 1

Pretreatment Two coats of red oxide
after phsphating before
painting

Two coats of red oxide
after phsphating before
painting

Colour of the Frame - *

Paint Ennameled Paint Ennameled Paint

Colour of the Cart - *

Manufacturer 's Name
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Year of Manufacturing
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

Finish of Rim Nickel and Chrome
Plated

*

Colour of the Container
and Lid

- *

Accessories Parameters Bell Yes *

Two Reflectors at back Yes *

Type of Reflector Plastic *

Lock for locking the
Tricycle

Yes *

Tool Kit Yes *

First Aid Box Yes *

Tricycle Seat with
Cover

Yes *

Hangers for broom and
wiper

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vipin Kumar Singh
Sengar

245304,Nagar Panchayat
Faridnagar, Thashil-
Modinagar

8  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial

                               5 / 7



 

year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the

                               6 / 7



 

Buyer.
13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered

as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

