












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711058

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name North East

Total Quantity 1

Item Category automated nucleic acid extraction machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  6 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  6000000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 300000

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Medical Superintendent
Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital, Dilshad Garden, Delhi - 110095 North East, Health and Family Welfare
Department Delhi, N/A,
(Dr. R S Rautela)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Automated Nucleic Acid Extraction Machine ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance
Parameters

Purpose Automated Nucleic Acid
extraction system to
efficiently automate
RNA extractions as well
as DNA extractions,,

*

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/i3pIwkvSKfGtrWfq2V2I2tAx__D9zGR-TD1yNg_Reqs


 

and their related
purification protocols

Type of system Open(compatible with
multiple kits)

*

Portability of model Benchtop *

No of samples per run
efficiently extracted
within one hour

Up to 96 *

Minimum Sample
volume

25 to 200 µl *

Elution volume 30 to 100µl *

Performance of
machine

High nucleic acid
yields, Isolate pure,
high quality DNA or
RNA for downstream
applications such as
PCR, qPCR, Reverse
transcription – qPCR,
sequencing

*

Heating and cooling
facility

Yes *

Machine should allow
to add customize
protocols

Yes *

System should function
smoothly and should
not generate aerosol,
spillage

Yes *

Internal in-built
memory to store
protocols

Yes *

All the necessary
accessories required
for working provided
with the system

Yes *

Suitable UPS Provided Yes *

UPS Back up time 1 *

Standard Parameters Certification for product CE-IVD *

Certification date and
number

- *

Confirmity to
Manufacturing
Standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-1 or BIS
equivalent

*

Reports Comprehensive
Warranty

5 5.0

                               3 / 7



 

All spares should be
available in market
during warranty period
as well as 5 years after
the warranty

Yes *

User manual User Technical ,
Maintenance manuals
to be supplied in
English in hard and soft
copy

*

Installation,validation,
Demonstration and
training to be provided
at site at consignee
end

Yes *

Service Centre The Principal
Manufacturer Must
Have Direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

*

The detailed circuit
diagram along with
trouble shooting
procedure and
operational manual
would be provided to
the consignee along
with the equipmentt

Yes *

Equipment should be
supplied with manuals
and the manuals
including technical
drawings should be
complete in all respects
to operate the system
without any problem

Yes *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports (Instrumental
qualification
/operational
qualifications /
performance
qualification) to be
provided to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               4 / 7



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ganapavarapu
Ajay Kumar

110095,Guru Teg Bahadur
Hospital, Dilshad Garden

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category automated nucleic acid extraction machine 

1. (i) Comprehensive warranty: Comprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.(ii) Service centres:
Details of Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to
buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making
the supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres
are available to cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from
where the service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and
online registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.(iii) Source of supply: It shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents
regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to
establish that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them .(iv) Packing and Marking: Medical equipments being very delicate and sensitive
packing for the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including
transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration
etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination
of the goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during
transit up to final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside
the packages and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration
the type of medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled
and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of
proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including
quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant
details.(v) Spare Parts: Seller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare
parts manufactured and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares
are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any
reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be
given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to
purchase the required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall
carry sufficient inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the
equipments so that the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most
favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for
spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied(vi) Installation, Training,
Manuals: Seller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision
and Demonstration of the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly,
minor civil works for the completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s
representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and Supplying required
number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters

                               5 / 7



 

are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same
shall also be applicable.(vii) Electrical safety checking: Sellers are required to make sure that
they furnish the list of equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to
buyer/consignee .They should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects
as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for
such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance
through labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call.(viii)
Software: All software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): CE/IVD.

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

13.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be

                               6 / 7



 

charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

