












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44765

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 20-07-2020 09:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 09:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Nagar Palika Baruasagar

Total Quantity 2

Item Category E Cart for Garbage with Tipping Facility

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank ICICI

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 38950

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 9



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Lekh Lipik
nagar palika baruasagar, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities -
eServices to citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Sandeep Singh Sengar)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

E Cart For Garbage With Tipping Facility ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of E Cart Fully Electric, Battery
Operated Motor Driven
for Carrying Bins

*

Model Number of E-
Cart

- *

                               2 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/7Y1uGLxQddTJqxNjHyHn0yLkJ51H471RjZQIEtIjmNY


 

Colour of E Cart - *

The E Cart Must
Fabricated From Good
Quality Steel properly
Painted to avoid
Rusting for more than 5
Years,

YES *

Name and Grade of
Steel from which E Cart
Body Framed

- *

Kerb Weight of E- Cart
(kg)

550 *

Garbage Carrying
Capacity (kg)

310 Up to 310

Run Distance (for a
Full Charge of
Battery , to be
tested with full load
at maximum AIS-040
)) (km)

80 Above 50

Number of Bins 2 Any applicable numeric
value

Capacity of
Individual Bins in
litres (Ltrs)

225 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Chassis for E
cart

- *

Ground Clearance as
per IS : 9435 (mm)

230 *

Wheel Base (mm) 2150 Any applicable numeric
value

Turning Radius (mm) 3000 Any applicable numeric
value

Power Transmission
from Motor Shaft to
Wheels

Other Mechanical
Mechanisms

Direct Mounting, Chain,
Sprocket Type, Other
Mechanical
Mechanisms

Please Specify the
Mechanical Mechanism
otherwise Put NA

- *

Tipping Facility Yes *

Tipping Angle 88 75 - 90

Method of Tipping Hydraulic Manual, Hydraulic,
Others

If Others, mention the
method of Tipping

- *

Type of Battery as
per AIS-048

Lithium ion Lead Acid , EV Grade ,
Tubular Deep

                               3 / 9



 

Discharge, Lithium ion

Capacity of the
Battery approved by
ICAT/ARAI (Ah)

125 100 - 9999999

Battery Voltage
,Nominal (Volts)

48V 48V, 60 V

Maximum Overall
Dimensions of the
Battery ( L x Wx H )
(mm3)

- *

Nominal Filled Weight
of the Battery (kg)

28 *

Motor Controller ( Must
Suitable for starting,
accelerating,
decelerating, driving ,
and stopping of E Cart

- *

Battery Charger 220/230 V Nominal
Input Voltage , High
Efficiency Type

*

Charging Current (A) 19 *

Type of Motor Brushless DC Motor *

Motor Output Power
,48V/60V at Full
Load (watt)

1500 850 - 2000

Overall Efficiency of
the E Cart ( to be
tested at Full Load
with maximum
speed as per
Concerned AIS
standards (%)

99 75 - 100

Gradeability of E-cart ,
( to be tested at full
procedure as per AIS
-003 Load (Degree)

33 *

Certification Vehicle Certification ICAT ARAI, VRDE, ICAT,
OTHERS

If Vehicle Certification
from Others Agency
,Name of the Agency
otherwise put NA

- *

Vehicle Certification
Number and Date

- *

Constructional Seating Facility For Driver only *

Length of E -cart as per
Gazette Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014

2.75 *

                               4 / 9



 

(meters)

Width of E -Cart as per
Gazette Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct, 2014
(meters)

0.99 *

Height of E -Cart as per
Gazette Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014
(meters)

1.521 *

Dimensions of the
cabin Provided for Bins
(mm x mm x mm)
(mm3)

- *

Size of Front Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Rear Tyre - *

Brake Type (Front) - *

Brake Type ( Rear ) - *

Suspension System
(Front)

- *

Suspension System (
Rear )

- *

Reverse Gear Facility Yes *

The Mounting of
Batteries

Yes *

Vehicle lighting
System

LCD Based Filament Type, LCD
Based, LED Based

Instrument Panel
Containing
Speedometer and
Battery Charging
Indicator

Yes *

Glass Windshield with
wiper motor as
approved by ICAT/ARAI

Yes *

Battery Make as per
AIS :048:2009

Exide Okaya, Exide, ceil,
Amaron, Others

If others please specify
the Name of Brand
,Otherwise put NA (as
per AIS048 2009)

- *

Equipped with Start
and Stop Button,
parking Lights , Back
lights with Reverse
Gear Facility

Yes *

Equipped with Fire Yes *

                               5 / 9



 

Extinguisher

Equipped with First Aid
Box

Yes *

Yellow Color reflective
tape on Front and Rear
Side of the E Cart

Yes *

E Cart Integration , Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Speed of the E-
Rickshaw as per CMVR
-2014 with latest
amndmt (to be tested
with Full Load ) (kmph)

25 *

Battery Warranty 1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

No. Of Free Service 4 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

Compliance of Centre
of Gravity of E Cart as a
Compulsory Norms for
Safety

Yes *

Confirming to
Applicable
Environmental Test

Yes *

Noise level must be
Low during Operation

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sandeep Singh
Sengar

284201,nagar palika
baruasagar jhansi

2  30 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

2. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
3.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 1.

6.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide

                               6 / 9



 

AMC Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 1 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 2% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

7.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 1 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of 1 (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance
Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC
Performance Security for 2% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months (if
there is no other claim).

8.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 1
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

9.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

11.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of

                               7 / 9



 

constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

14. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

15.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): 1
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 1

16. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised
Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 1 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being
and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his
premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .

                               8 / 9



 

The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

17.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

