












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/692771

  Dated: 01-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 16-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-16 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Mine Planning And Design Institute Limited

Office Name Jharkhand

Total Quantity 8

Item Category Television TV ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Past Performance,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Television TV ( 8 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make sony

Model sony43inchledtvkd-43x8000g

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Type LED Backlit LCD LED Backlit LCD

Screen Size (Inches) 43 42, 43, 47, 49, 50, 52,
55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 77,
80, 82, 85, 86, 90, 95,
98, 100 Or higher

Resolution (Pixels) (3840x2160) UHD (3840x2160) UHD Or
higher

Category Smart Smart Or higher

Operating System in
case of Smart TV

Android *

Static contrast Ratio 1100 : 1 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/N0ezSkeVgZM74p_bamNSfGM-MxOV6vX1dVdkyQ15I3Y


 

Typical Brightness 300 - 399 300 - 399, 400 - 500 Or
higher

Screen Mirroring Yes *

Mount Type Both table and wall
mount

*

Inbuilt Speakers Yes *

If Yes, Wattage of
Speakers

10W x 2 10W x 2, 12W x 2, 20W
x 2 Or higher

Sub Woofers No *

Power Consumption
(Watts)

100 *

Ports & Connectivity Number of HDMI Ports 4 *

Number of USB Ports 3 *

Number of VGA Ports 0 *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

Built-in Wi-fi Yes *

Wi-fi Direct Yes *

Input Composite Input Yes *

Component Input No *

RF Input Yes *

Accessories Built-in set-top Box No *

Details of accessories
(included in the scope
of supply)

Remote
Control,Connecting
Cable,Batteries

*

Certification BIS Registration as per
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number

R-67000167 *

Energy Star Rating
in line with the
Government of Indiia
Notification number
S O 1896(E) and S O
1897(E)

NA 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, NA Or
higher

Generic Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

40 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

10 *

Maximum Operating 80 *

                               3 / 5



 

Humidity (%RH)

Dimensions (Length x
Breadth x Depth) (mm
x mm x mm )

970x570x57 W*H*D *

Weight (Kg) 9.7 *

Warranty Warranty(Years) 1 1
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Atul Kumar 834008,MATERIAL
MANAGEMENT
DEPARTMENT, CENTRAL
MINE PLANNING AND
DESIGN INSTITUTE LIMITED,
GONDWANA PLACE, KANKE
ROAD, RANCHI- 834008

8  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

6.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

7.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this

                               4 / 5



 

regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

8.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

