












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/690859

  Dated: 29-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-20 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 50 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Agriculture And Farmers Welfare

Department Name Department Of Agricultural Research And Education
(dare)

Organisation Name Indian Council Of Agricultural Research (icar)

Office Name National Research Centre For Banana

Total Quantity 1

Item Category two pan laboratory balance
analyticalchemicalphysical

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Two Pan Laboratory Balance Analyticalchemicalphysical ( 1 pieces )

                               1 / 6



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to Indian
Standard, IS:9440
latest

Yes Yes

BIS Marked No Yes, No

CML No if BIS marked
yes otherwise put NA

- *

Two Pan laboratory
Balance must be in
Compliance to ISO GLP
Standards

Yes *

Pan shall be as per
Standard of Weights
and Measures
General Rules,1987

Yes Yes

Performance
Parameters

Type of Laboratory
Balance

Analytical Analytical, Chemical,
Physical

Sensitivity (mg) 0.1 mg 0.2 mg, 0.1 mg, 0.05
mg, 1 mg, 2 mg, 5 mg

Type of Calibration Internal *

Maximum Capacity
of weighing (grams)

220 g 100 g, 200g, 250 g,
220 g

Response Time in
seconds

3 *

Shape of PAN Circular Concave, Flate, Circular

Power Supply Single Phase *

Warranty (Year) 1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

Dimensional
Parameters

Material for Case - *

Minimum Overall
Diameter of Pan (mm)

100 *

Material of Pointer,
Levelling Arrangment,
Pointer Scale , Rider
Arrangement , Pointer
Adjusting Screws and
Stirrups must be as per
Indian Standards 9440
latest

Yes *

Additional Parameters Tare Facility Yes *

Availability of
Permanent Shock
Absorption facility

Yes *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Pfbmqqrwn2H_zcsACA4mwSH5Ea7utfNATk1rikxRLnY


 

Overload Protection Yes *

Marking of Left and
Right to PAN

Yes *

Packing of Balance
should be in convenient
wooden case suitably
padded and fitted with
proper supports at
various points

Yes *

Printer and PC
Connectivity

Yes Yes, No

if Printer and PC
connectivity is Yes
mode of Connectivity
(USB or RS232)
otherwise put NA

- *

Piece counting
Features

Yes Yes, No

Totaling Yes Yes, No

Check Weighing Yes Yes, No

Operating temperature
Range (-10 Degree to
50 Degree Celcius)

Yes *

Reports Model Approval
certificate for each
model from director
Legal Metrology

Yes *

Model Approval
certificate No and date
for each model

- *

Availability of Type
Test reports From
Central/Govt/
NABL/ILAC Accredited
lab for weighing scale
as per 9440 latest

Yes *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of Lab - *

Complete Address of
Lab

- *

Calibration from
concerned weight and
measurement
controllerate to be
obtained at the time of
supplies

Yes *

Model approval Yes *

                               3 / 6



 

certificate,Type test
report and calibration
certificate to be
furnished if asked by
buyer at the time of
supplies

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 MURUGAN
PERIYAMUTHU

620102,Thogamalai Road,
Thayanur Post, Tiruchirapalli
- 620 102.

1  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

6.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

                               4 / 6



 

from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

7. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

8.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

9.Preference to Make In India products: Preference shall be given to local supplier as defined in
public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to time
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific
Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a local supplier, should be as per
relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry as available on the website of
Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade (DPIIT). If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
29.5.2019.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

13.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of

                               5 / 6



 

the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

