












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709218

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Odisha

Organisation Name Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited (osmcl)

Office Name Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited

Total Quantity 8

Item Category Ultra low temperature laboratory deep freezer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  14 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  28 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 56000

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
General Manager Operation (Equipment)
Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited, Health and Family Welfare Department Odisha, Odisha
State Medical Corporation Limited (OSMCL) ,
(Saubhagya Ranjan Ransingh)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Ultra Low Temperature Laboratory Deep Freezer ( 8 pieces )

                               2 / 8



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Standards

CE (with 4 digit notified
number)

CE (with 4 digit notified
number)

Certification number
and date

- *

Confirmity to standard
conforms to standards
IEC- 61010 for
electrical safety latest
amendment

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Purpose Used for storage of
various samples ,
sensitive stem cells,
plasma , semen , virus,
bone graft and other
biological samples

*

Capacity in liters 400-450 L 400-450 L

Freezer body Freezer should have
galvanised steel body
with tough powder
coated exterior finish
constructed on steel

*

Material of inside
chamber

SS *

Type of Cabinet Vertical Vertical

Ground clearance in
mm

100 mm *

Should have heavy
duty lockable
castors and levelling
for adjustments and
installation

Yes Yes

Refrigerants CFC-free, HCFC-free
non flammable
refrigerants

*

Refrigeration system
must be energy
efficient with pull down
time in hrs

5.2 hr *

Operating Temperature
with 1ᵒ C increment

minus 55ᵒC to minus
86ᵒC

*

Freezer must attain
-80ᵒC while operating
at ambient

Yes *

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/-_e9W4IxhGLjqEWSi_kuRML1hBJzc6Py4DvaStV-qWg


 

temperature of 32ᵒC

Number of holding
racks

15 15

Control system Fully programmable
microprocessor
controlled with
membrane keypad and
eye level control panel

*

Number of inner
storage
compartments with
insulated doors and
adjustable height

3 3

Freezer should have
heated air vent and
easily accessible front
panel air filter

Yes *

Digital temperature
display

Yes *

Should have battery
back up for the display
and security lock for
the display

Yes *

Alarms Alarms for audible and
visible alarm system
for unwanted
temperature rise,
sudden power failure ,
system failure and
battery low

*

Noise level in dB 55 *

Energy consumption
rate (@KWh/day)

14 *

Stabilizer should be
capable to run any
voltage between 190V -
270 V

Yes *

Double door with
locking lids

Yes *

Availability of
decompression valve
facility to lower air
pressure inside freezer
for easy door opening

Yes *

Panels Vacuum polyurethane
foam panels

*

Number of
compressor

2 2

Temperature uniformity ±3ᵒC or less *

                               4 / 8



 

Temperature stability
of system

±3ᵒC *

Warranty of Stabilizer
in Years

2 *

Warranty of Freezer
(except compressor)
in Years (from the
date of installation)

3 3

Warranty of
compressor in years

3 *

Additional Parameters Vacuum insulation
panel

Yes *

Freezer must have
washable condenser
filter indicator which
should keep fins free of
dust to maintain peak
cooling efficiency

Yes *

One 5KVA servo
stabilizer to be supplied
with freezer

Yes *

CO₂ cylinder should be
supplied with freezer
for backup

Yes *

Number of corrosion
resistant racks

3 3

Pairs of Cryogloves
to be provided

1 1

Number of Ice
scraper to be
provided

1 1

Tempearture Chart
recorder to be
provided

Yes Yes

Availability of USB
port to download
event log and
freezer setting

Yes Yes

Reports Manufacturer should
have ISO certification

Yes *

ISO certification date
and number

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by

                               5 / 8



 

Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Goutami Mallik 758001,DISTRICT DRUG
WAREHOUSE,NEAR NHM
OFFICE,DISTRICT
HEADQUARTER HOSPITAL C
AMPUS,KEONJHAR,PIN-7580
01,ODISHA

1  15

2 DURGA PRASAD
DALEI

752002,DISTRICT
HEADQUARTER HOSPITAL
CAMPUS,PURI, GRAND
ROAD, MEDICAL SQUARE,
PIN-752002

1  15

3 Bibhuti Bhusan
Sahoo

759122,Central Warehouse
02, O/O CDMO,Angul, Dist-
Angul -759122

1  15

4 Chinmaya Kumar
Nayak

753001,Drug Warehouse,
SCB MCH, At- Campus of
SCB MCH, Po- Mangalabag,
Dist - Cuttack, 753001

2  15

5 Shasanka Sekhar
Nayak

768201,DRUG WARE
HOUSE, C/O- CHIEF
DISTRICT MEDICAL OFFICE,
AT/PO- JHARSUGUDA, DIST -
JHARSUGUDA, PIN- 768201

1  15

6 SAUBHAGYA
RANJAN
RANSINGH

751007,Odisha State
Medical Corporation Limited,
Infront of Ram Mandir,
Convent Square, Unit-3,
Bhubaneswar

2  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have

                               6 / 8



 

regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

13.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

                               7 / 8



 

14.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Odisha
State Medical Corporation Limited payable at Bhubaneswar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

15.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Odisha State Medical
Corporation Limited payable at Bhubaneswar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

16.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited payable at Bhubaneswar. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

