












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/695194

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Odisha

Organisation Name Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited (osmcl)

Office Name Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited

Total Quantity 300000

Item Category Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Sample Collection Kit

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  300 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  600 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 1320000

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
General Manager Operation (Equipment)
Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited, Health and Family Welfare Department Odisha, Odisha
State Medical Corporation Limited (OSMCL) ,
(Saubhagya Ranjan Ransingh)

Splitting

Seller Splitting in percentage

L1 50

L2 30

L3 20

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Bid Splitting: L1 would be awarded contract for highest percentage indicated in the bid splitting
ratio. For the rest of the bid quantity, the L-1 rates / lowest accepted rate will be counter offered to
the next higher quoting bidder(s) for price matching. On acceptance of the counter offer, the order
will be placed on next higher quoting bidder(s) for the respective percentage. In case of
nonacceptance of the counter offer by the next higher quoting bidder(s), a similar offer shall be
made to L3 and L4, and so on. In case counter offered rates are not accepted for ratio of splitting
quantity as per bid document by any of the subsequent bidders, the left over quantity will be
divided between bidders who have accepted the rates in the ratio of their originally allocated
quantities subject to their confirmation and after getting consent on mutually agreed delivery
schedule for the additional quantity.

                               2 / 7



 

4. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Sample Collection Kit ( 300000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Description Novel Coronavirus
(COVID-19) Sample
Collection Kit

*

Purpose To collect and transport
samples for COVID-19
testing

*

Type of specimen
collection

Upper respiratory
specimens

*

Sterile and ready to
use

Yes *

KIT CONTENTS Kit Contents 1 Tube of Viral
Transport Media with 2
Swabs

1 Tube of Viral
Transport Media with 2
Swabs

Provided with literature
in English with
complete directions for
collection, storage,
transport and carrying
of the sample

Yes *

VIRAL TRANSPORT
MEDIA SPECIFICATIONS

Quantity of medium
in the tube

3 3.0

Medium contains Protective protein and
antibiotic to control
microbial and fungal
contamination and
buffers to control the
pH,Cryoprotectant to
help preserving the
virus for long term
frozen storage,Phenol
red pH indicator in the
medium to ensure
medium integrity at the

Protective protein and
antibiotic to control
microbial and fungal
contamination and
buffers to control the
pH, Cryoprotectant to
help preserving the
virus for long term
frozen storage, Phenol
red pH indicator in the
medium to ensure
medium integrity at the

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/lSkDTwBD0esgi825wmWmKxycQDqfQt7oXPdqssb8TWM


 

time of specimen
collection

time of specimen
collection

Features of medium Allows long survival of
the present virus and
and offers maximum
recovery,Spontaneous
elution of sample into
liquid media

Allows long survival of
the present virus and
and offers maximum
recovery, Spontaneous
elution of sample into
liquid media

pH value of medium 7.3 ± 0.3 *

Method of sterilization
for media

0.22 micron filtered
sterilized

*

SWAB SPECIFICATIONS Type of Swab Nasopharyngeal swab Nasopharyngeal swab

Material of swab Synthetic fibre swabs
(nylon, polyester,
rayon, or dacron) with
plastic shafts or wire
shaft (flexible shaft)

*

With Break-point Yes *

Method of sterilization
for swabs

ETO *

PACKAGING Type of packing for
medium

Filled in 10 or 15 ml
volume screw-cap, leak-
proof tubes with
labelling stickers

*

Type of packing for
swabs

Individually packed in
easy to open peel
pouches

*

Packing Each tube with swab(s)
packed in a duplex box

*

STORAGE CONDITIONS Storage temperature
for the kit

2-30 degree Celsius *

The supplier should
ensure maintenance of
recommended
temperature during
storage and shipping of
Kit

Yes *

Cold chain indicator to
be placed on each kit

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS &
REPORTS

Manufacturer
certifications

GMP,ISO:13485 *

Product Certifications ICMR/NIB/WHO or
Equivalent Approved
Product,Kit evaluated
and validated by ICMR-
NIV-Pune or any other
ICMR validation centers

*

Availability of Test
report of Final Product

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

from Central
GOVT/NABL/ILAC
accredited Lab/ any of
the ICMR validation
Center to prove the
conformity to the
declared specifications

Supplier shall have
certificate/License from
DCGI for Import
/Manufacture of item &
all certifications,
licenses and test
reports to be submitted
to buyer along with any
specific certification
requirement imposed
by country of origin

Yes *

SHELF LIFE Shelf life from the date
of manufacture

12 *

The product should
have at least 3/4 of the
total shelf life at the
time of delivery to the
consignee

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Susri Sangita
Tripathy

751007,Odisha State
Medical Corporation Limited,
Infront of Ram Mandir,
Convent Square, Unit-3,
Bhubaneswar

300000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Odisha

                               5 / 7



 

State Medical Corporation Ltd. payable at Bhubaneswar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Odisha State Medical
Corporation Ltd. payable at Bhubaneswar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

4.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

8.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

9.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee

Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Odisha State Medical Corporation Ltd. payable at Bhubaneswar. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

13.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

14.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.

                               6 / 7



 

iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

