












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/691855

  Dated: 30-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-21 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Oil And Natural Gas Corporation Limited

Office Name Assam Mm

Total Quantity 1

Item Category C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 22650

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 16

                               1 / 8



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Sr. MM Officer
ASSAM MM, NA, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited, Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
(Manuranjan Gogoi)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Certifications

- *

Certification Number
and Date

- *

Type test approval
from AERB required

Yes *

Type test certificate
date and number

- *

Conformity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-2-54 or BIS
equivalent

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose C arms fluoroscopes
are used in a variety of
general surgical,
cardiac, and
neurological
applications, including
aneurysm repair,
pacemaker
implantation, hip
replacement, fracture
reduction, foreign-body

*

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/rMvN3VfeIlguRX3JwkpZouW__yA-0Vh-lF8yBzZqOCk


 

location, needle biopsy,
catheter placement,
pain management, per-
cutaneous lithotripsy,
and brachytherapy

UMDNS Name and
Code

1. Fluoroscopic Units,
Portable - 18-434 2.
Radio
graphic/Fluoroscopic
Units, Mobile - 11-758
3. Radio
graphic/Fluoroscopic
Units, Extremity -
18-435

*

The System should be
microprocessor
controlled, compact
and mobile offering
excellent Image details

Yes *

Type of Mechanical
Motion of C Arm

Motorized Motorized

Horizontal movement
Of C Arm in mm

200 *

Vertical Movement Of C
Arm in mm

450 *

Angulation
Movement of C Arm
in degrees

± 180 ± 180

Radius (Immersion
Depth)of C arm in mm

630 *

Source to Image
Distance in mm

950-1000 950-1000

Arc Orbital
Movement of C Arm

At least +90° - 30° At least +90° - 30°

Total width of C Arm in
mm( Free space of C
arm)

761 *

Panning Movement
of C Arm ( Swivel
movement)

±12.5º ±12.5º

Safety Feature
available for C Arm
Movement

a. Locks for all the
movements. b. Control
Stand foot lock. c.
Steering wheel for easy
steering & movement

*

Range of Frequency
of X ray Generator in
khz

31-40 31-40

Generator Power
output in Kw

3.5 3.5

                               3 / 8



 

Fluoroscopy Range
in kvp

40-110 40-110

Fluoroscopy mA
range, maximum in
mA

0.2 to 7 0.2 to 7

Dual focus Rotating
Anode X-Ray Tube of
focal spot

0.6mm² (small) &
1.5mm² (large)

0.6mm² (small) &
1.5mm² (large)

Anode heat storage
capacity with
tolerance ±10%

40KHU 40KHU

Modes Available Continuous fluoro,
Pulsed Fluoro,
Radiographic Mode

*

Pulses per sec 1 to 5 1 to 5

Mode selection for
Kv and mA

Automatic Automatic

Type of Image
Intensifier

9 " triple Field 9 " triple Field

Number of Monitors
provided on
intensifier system

2 (One for LIH and one
for memory display )

2 (One for LIH and one
for memory display )

Type of monitor to
be provided with
intensifier system

LCD LCD

Size of Monitors in
inch

17-20 17-20

Type of Collimator
controlled

Both Fixed Collimation
Slot & Motorized IRIS

Both Fixed Collimation
Slot & Motorized IRIS

Type of Camera CMOS Camera CMOS Camera

Camera Resolution
in pixels

1K x 1K 1K x 1K

Acquisition of
Camera

10 bits 10 bits

Contrast ratio of
intensifier unit

10:1 to 30:1 *

Image storage
capacity in images

Above 100000 Above 100000

Image reversal Yes *

Zoom function
available

3x 3x

Monitor with trolley Yes *

Sterile covers for C-
Arm/X-Ray tube/ Image
Intensifier

Yes *

DICOM Compatibility Yes Yes

                               4 / 8



 

The system should
be ready to connect
with HIS/ PACS

Yes Yes, No

Data transfer Both USB and CD?DVD Both USB and CD?DVD

Lead Aprons - Full body
and Skirt type

(0.5pb) 4 number each *

No of Thyroid shield
and Gonald Shield

4 number each *

Radiation/Fuoro
Exposure delivery
Switch

Hand Switch and Foot
Switch

*

Display of mA, KV and
other safety features
on C - arm Console

Yes *

Radiography
through Cassette
with holder

Yes Yes, No

Size of Cassette
holder provided (for
radiographic mode)
in inch x inch

10 x 12 14 x 17, 12 x 12, 10 x
12, 8 x 10, Not
provided

Patient demographic
detail entry facility

Yes *

Upgradable option
to digital substration
of angigraphy and
peripheral
angiography

No Yes, No

"Automatic image
parameter selection
with capability of
switching on to manual
selection"

Yes *

Operating temperature
& humidity

0 to 25 deg C and
relative humidity of
15-90%

*

Type of Power Supply Single phase, 220- 240
Vac, 50Hz-16 Amps
Socket

*

UPS Availability External External

UPS backup time in
minutes

15 15

Servo Stabilizer
supplied

Yes Yes

Rating of Servo
Stabilizer

5 KVA 5 KVA

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be

Yes *

                               5 / 8



 

supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Installation,
Demonstration and
training to be provided
at consignee end

Yes *

The Principal
Manufacturer Must
Have Direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

Comprehensive
Warranty in Years

5 5

QA, QC and other tests
as per NABH shall be
carried out by OEM or
authorized agency of
OEM

Yes *

Reports Confirmity to
Manufacturing
Standards

ISO 13485 ISO 13485

Certification number
and date

- *

Copies of all calibration
and test reports and
certifications to be
submitted at the time
of Supply of Machine

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Tukheswar
Buragohain

785640,CENTRAL STORES,
ONGC, SIVASAGAR

1  60

Special terms and conditions for category C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site

                               6 / 8



 

as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and
maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): AT DESTINATION, CENTRAL STORES, ONGC, SIVASAGAR
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: AT DESTINATION,

                               7 / 8



 

CENTRAL STORES, ONGC, SIVASAGAR

3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

4.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name ONGC, SIVASAGAR, ASSAM Account No.
10637162283 IFSC Code SBIN0004797 Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA Branch address
ONGC COLONY SIVASAGAR BRANCH-785640. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number
and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG
within 15 days of award of contract.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of F&AO,
ONGC, SIVASAGAR payable at AT SIVASAGAR.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of F&AO, ONGC,
SIVASAGAR payable at SIVASAGAR.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

7.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name ONGC, SIVASAGAR, ASSAM Account No. 10637162283 IFSC Code
SBIN0004797 Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA Branch address ONGC COLONY SIVASAGAR
BRANCH-785640.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

8.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of F&AO, ONGC, SIVASAGAR payable at AT SIVASAGAR. After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

