












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/716064
  Dated: 18-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name 78 Bn Border Security Force

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Agriculture Harrow (Disc Type)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Agriculture Harrow (Disc Type) ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance parameter Purpose It is used in open field
working for the superficial
ploughing ,for the shattering
of clods, preparation of soil
for sowing , burial of organic

It is used in open field
working for the superficial
ploughing ,for the shattering
of clods, preparation of soil
for sowing , burial of organic

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/A7RTnxU2jX1Kcgmn2ryUvda9KhKqoURPe-7VhdvfEvs


 

substance & remains with
help of concave cutting disc.

substance & remains with
help of concave cutting disc.

Type of hitch attachment
/ linkage

3-point linkage 3-point linkage, CAT-I, CAT-II

Tractor power required to
operate Harrow on full load

41 hp to 50 hp *

Number of Harrow row
on which Cutting disc
assemble

Double Row Single Row, Double Row

Shape of Cutting Blade Cut way concave disc type Concave disc type, Cut way
concave disc type

Facility to control depth by
hydraulic system

Yes *

Types of bearing used Roller bearing Ball bearing, Roller bearing

Make of bearing SKF NBC, SKF, NRB, ABC,
Schaeffler, Galaxy

Agriculture harrow shall be
capable to tillage both wet
and dry soil land

Yes *

Availability of Gange
Adjustable as per
requirement

Yes *

Availability of mud scrapper
attached to frame

Yes *

Harrow Stand shall be
provided

Yes *

Facility Side Disc assembly Yes *

Facility of wheel assembly
to protect disc cutting edge
in case of Non-productive
work

Yes *

Type of wheel Metallic wheel Tyre wheel, Metallic wheel

Position of wheel
assembly on harrow

Rear Rear, Center

Availability of dust & Water
proof of bearing

Yes *

Marking / labeling of harrow
shall be mention

Yes *

Warranty in years 1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

Number of Spare Cutting
disc Blades for Harrow

Not supplied *

Harrow frame and Blades
must be Rust Proof

Yes *

Product instruction manual
shall be supplied

Yes *

Standard Tool Kit for
maintananace and Trouble
Shooting to be provided

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment to be provided
after completing supplies
before Acceptance

Yes *

Material & Dimensions
parameter

Material for Cutting disc Boron steel Boron steel,
Boron(28MnCrB5), HCS

                               2 / 4



 

Diameter of cutting disc
in inch

14 14, 16, 18, 20, 22

Distance between
consecutive disc in inch

12 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22

Cutting Blade thickness
in mm

4 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

Working depth in inches 8 2, 4, 6, 8, 10

Size of harrow (L x W x H) in
inches

- *

Weight of Harrow in Kg 450 *

Reports parameter Availability of ISO
certification of
manufacturer

Yes Yes, No

ISO certification issued date,
If ISO certificate not
available then put NA

- *

Copies certifications to be
furnished to buyer on
demand at time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pooran Mal Meena 732127,78 BN BSF ,
BAISHNABNAGAR, POST-
CHAMAGRAM, MALDA

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): REQUIRED
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: REQUIRED

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 7
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample

                               3 / 4



 

being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.
4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer

before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

