












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703053

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Npp Syana Bulandshahr Up

Total Quantity 8000

Item Category swachh bharat 10-12 litre waste container set

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  80 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 40800

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 3

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Consignee
NPP Syana Bulandshahr UP, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, N/A,
(Rajendra Kumar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Swachh Bharat 10-12 Litre Waste Container Set ( 8000 pairs )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 7



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Product Description swachh bharat 10-12
litres waste container
set

*

Selling unit set of 2 containers *

Advertisement
provided on the
container for price
competitiveness

yes *

Advertisement on
containers (if provided)

NA *

Advertisement
Coverage, (if provided)

NA *

Conformity of the
advertisement on 2/3rd
area of the Sticker

as allowable under
under relevant rules /
laws of India or ASCI
(The Advertising
Standards Council of
India)

*

Two Silver stickers on
the 1/3rd of theLower
portion of the
containers

Urban Local Body (ULB)
LOGO (to be provided
by ULB) on one side
and Swachh Bharat
LOGO on the other side

*

Stickers with
instruction

Dry waste on blue
container and wet
waste on green
container

*

Pre - Dispatch
Inspection (As advised
by buyer)

CIPET/ RITES/ Any other
PSU in the field of
Inspection

*

CONSTRUCTIONAL Colour in Set One Green and other
Blue

*

Material Virgin HDPE
Conforming to IS 7328
latest

Virgin HDPE
Conforming to IS 7328
latest

Shape of the container Round *

Top Diameter ( in mm) 275 *

Holes at Bottom 4 nos. of 2 mm dia
each

4 nos. of 2 mm dia
each

Rib at Bottom yes *

Vertical Ribs at the
outer surface

yes *

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/AkgAr0BJKHKw6zKd9K0TDZ3MWIHOjyLkKKIEcRLmRC0


 

Containers must be un-
breakable, Robust,
Reusable and washable

yes *

Maximum Filler Content
(%)

not more than 2% *

Maximum Ash Content
, Conformity test as per
Annex D of IS: 14887
(Latest) (%)

Not mkore than 1% *

UV Resistance, % of
Tensile strength
retention after 192
hours exposure as per
ASTM D2562 -99 Table
1- Cycle Number 2 (%)

Minimum 50% *

Lid without *

Rim at top Yes *

Handle without *

DIMENSIONS Capacity of one Waste
container unit (Ltr)

10-12 Ltr *

Bottom Diameter (in
mm)

220 *

Overall Height (in mm) 330 *

Wall thickness of the
container (in mm)

Minimum 1 mm *

Mass of one waste
container unit (in
grams)

Min 270 grams *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./NABL/IL AC
acredited Lab to prove
conformity to the
specifications

Yes *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Conformance to the
Drop test as per clause
no 3 (10) of IS 3730
(latest) filled with 12 Kg
sand in place of water

Yes *

Conformance to falling
weight impact test as
per clause A 6 of IS
2508 (latest) condition
1 Kg at one and half

yes *

                               4 / 7



 

meter height

Embossing at outer
bottom surface

Manufacturer's Logo,
Swachh Bharat Mission
Logo and instruction
"Not for sale'

*

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajendra Kumar 245412,Bulandshahr Grah
Road Near PWD guest House
Syana Bulandshahr UP

8000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 10
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Executive
Officer payable at Siyana.

                               5 / 7



 

Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Nagar Palika Parishad Siyana A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it
that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee.
For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making
endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

7.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Executive Officer payable at Siyana. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can
upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to
the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

8.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Nagar Palika Parishad Siyana A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify
on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the
pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the
Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in
place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15
days of award of contract.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

13.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

14.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

15.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.

                               6 / 7



 

b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

