












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/696414

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Principal Chief Material Manager,north
Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Muffle Furnace

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 4



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Muffle Furnace ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Calibration certificate
from NABL approved
Lab

Yes *

Specification Temperature range
째C

900-1400 900-1400

Continuous
operating temp 째C

800-1300 800-1300

Temperature Accuracy +/- 1째C (+/- 1.8째F) *

Heating element Silicon carbide (SiC)
rods

Silicon carbide (SiC)
rods

Inner Length 200 *

Inner Width 200 *

Temperature Controller PID Controller *

Programmable (Profile)
Termprature Controller

Yes *

Calibration certificate
from NABL

Yes *

Thermocouple K Type K Type

Alarm Audible *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/TzpGa1WoWseDS9Q-ymoMzT_MGLoua3y_mmx3FbSU3vQ


 

Phase Triple *

Construction Inner Depth 300 *

Volume 13 13.0

Display LED LED

Chamber MOC Ceramic High Density
Fibre Board

*

Exterior MOC Mild steel powder
coated

*

Insulation Ceramic fiber blanket *

Safety Device Fitted Yes *

Door Insulated solid door
with clamp

*

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bhoodev Prasad 273008,Gorakhpur cantt. 1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by

                               3 / 4



 

concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose

credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

