












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714301
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Industrial Refrigerator,Chiller and Deep Freezer

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Industrial Refrigerator,Chiller And Deep Freezer ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Y7iSUY3UHaKE1ITSBpsr_F-K9UxBni7KIm4YgcfWmmk


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM item Deep Freezer Industrial Refrigerator,
Industrial Chiller, Deep
Freezer, Commercial
Refrigerator, Vertical (
Upright ) Freezer, Ultra Low
Temperature Freezer

DESIGN No of Door Double Single, Double, Three, Four,
Six, Five

Position of Door Top Opening Top Opening, Front Opening

Door Type Hinged Sliding, Hinged

Air Tight Door Yes Yes, No

No Of shelves 0 0, 6, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, 7, 8,
4

Wheels Yes Yes, No

Visibility of Item Stored No Yes, No, Partial

Type of Insulation PUF PUF, Glass Wool,
Polystyrene foam, High
Density PUF, Poly Urethane
Foam, Vacuum Paneling

Method of Defrosting Manually Deforested Forst free, Semi-automatic
Deforested, Manually
Deforested

Type of cooling Direct Direct, Frost Free

Lock Yes *

MATERIAL Material of chamber
interior

Prepainted Sheet Stainless steel 304,
Prepainted Sheet,
Prepainted galvanised steel,
ABS, HIPS, Pre-coated mild
steel

Material of chamber
exterior

Prepainted Sheet Stainless steel 304,
Prepainted Sheet,
Attractively painted GI

Door Material Single PUF insulated Door Stainless steel 304 Door,
Glass Door, Glass Window
Door, Polycarbonate Door
Polycarbonate window Door,
Single PUF insulated Door

Cooling Coil Material Aluminium Copper, Aluminium

INSTRUMENT Temprature Controler Yes *

ON/OFF Switch Yes *

Storage Chamber
Temprature Display

Yes *

Audio alarm Visual alarm
Digital display

No *

Visual alarm No *

Digital display No *

CAPACITY AND DIMENSION Storage Volume(Net
Capacity)(Liters)

500 500, 600, 700, 800, 900,
1000, 350, 550-600

Over all length(mm) 1500 *

Over all width(mm) 700 500, 600, 700, 800, 900,
1000

                               2 / 5



 

Over all Height(mm) 800 500, 600, 700, 800, 900,
1000

Insulation Thickness(in
mm)

70 60, 70, 80, 90, 100

Holdover Time(minute) 120 15, 30, 45, 60, 75, 90, 105,
120

PERFORMANCE Eco-Friendly Refrigurator Yes *

Compressor DC Compressor DC Compressor, AC Rotating
Compressor, AC
Reciprocating Compressor

Set temperature
range(delta)

10 *

Minimum achievable
Temperature At 32
degree Centigrade

-10°C *

Green Refrigerants Yes *

Type of Refrigerants R134a *

Voltage 220-240, Single Phase , 50
Hz

Single Phase 230V, Three
Phase 415V, 220-240,
Single Phase , 50 Hz

Power
Consumption(kw/day)

5 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10

FINISHES AND COLOUR Finish Pre-Painted *

WARRANTY Warranty of
Compressor(Years)

3 *

Warranty of complete
unit(Years)

1 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********UTTARA KANNADA 2  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful Bidder :-

(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food Specification
prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification in any climate and under all
conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty period of the item is as given in the Defence Food
Specification attached from the date of acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the item is as given in
the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of stores, that the goods/ stores supplied
under the contract shall be free from all types of defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various depots and
stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the responsibility of supplier is over. At any
point of time, the DGST or his authorised representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from
locations where they are held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are
meeting the concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest means
by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised representative of the supplier
within three working days in whose presence the sample will be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn

                               3 / 5



 

unilaterally and the decision on the same will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c) above, the goods are
reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as per the Defence Food Specifications, the
stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it
having been declared (during the period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the
Director General of Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the quality as per DFS
for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as specified in the succeeding paras within a
maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer,
failing which, the buyer will take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together
with all incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the supplies were
ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his behalf in regard to these charges
will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been made without committing Govt in any way nor will
such decision prejudice the Govt rights.
(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity including GST and all
incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other incidental charges if any through CDP
(APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality.
Option 1- Supplierwill make good the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by
depositing the money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier shall
lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations where they are stored at
that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to all) on his own cost, failing which the stock
shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks
declared failed to perform within warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free
of charge, within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for such defect
by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk and cost by a station board of
officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh
validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo
similar QC procedure as followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to
the supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the defect in such an
event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under :-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of the deposition of the
claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the PBG for a
corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired, after the stipulated
time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate legal action will be initiated against the
supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the
legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved for handing over to
suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the SUPPLIER in writing that
a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the
proper communication of that consignment provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45
days of the expiry of the warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in
that behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be valid as per the
original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause and other claim(s)
that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that effect is made by the Buyer failing
which such claims will be recovered by adjustment against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum
be not sufficient to cover the full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of guarantee
regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the performance security deposit or such
portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to
final supplies.

2.Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised Inspecting officers /
empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's risk with pre-
dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment, components , solutions and documentation
conform to contractual requirements. If an institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to
appoint / nominate their own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in term of percentage
which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a right before payment or acceptance to
inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When
the seller is required or authorized to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival.
Expenses of inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods do not
conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for inspection charges as applicable
and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies to contractual specification etc , on production of

                               4 / 5



 

payment receipt issued by inspection agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency specifying the place
where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of such notice notify to the seller the date
and time when the stores would be inspected. The seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting
officer , all reasonable facilities and such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the
stores are being and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection of consignment shall
be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance of every kind which
the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination, other than special or independent test,
which he shall require to be made on the seller's premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant
thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his premises as the
Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for tests for which seller does not have
the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing outside owing to lack
of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to the buyer the costs incurred in the
inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for
similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or any part thereof to
such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing specification . The seller shall not be entitled to
object on any ground whatsoever to the method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials expended in test will be
borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment . The Inspecting officer’s
decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to mark all the approved
stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

