












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702782

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Indian Rare Earths Limited

Office Name Ho

Total Quantity 2

Item Category power generators and portable generator

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  198000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Power Generators And Portable Generator ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

RATED OUTPUT /
STARTING & RUNNING

Portable Generator
type

Petrol start, Petrol run Petrol start, Petrol run

Rated Output at
unity power factor at
STP (VA)

3300 3300

Starting Type Electric Self start Electric Self start

Rated output
Voltage

230 V AC 230 V AC

WARRANTY Warranty (year) 1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

PERFORMANCE Efficiency of the
alternator (%)

77 *

Noise Level of Portable
Generator (dB(A))

71 *

GENERIC Make and model of
engine

- *

Make and model of
alternator

- *

Provision of Voltmeter
and ammeter in the
output circuits

yes *

Dimension of Genset in
(LxWxH)
(mmxmmxmm)

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/iny1gP4w74WFZ7SVQNrcWajk39KVwL0WcMKdZ09HhK4


 

Dry weight (Kg) - *

Period for which the
Generator is capable of
delivering declared
output

6 *

Fuel Tank capacity - *

BATTERY Battery Ah capacity in
case of Electric start
Generator (Ah)

- *

CERTIFICATION /
STATUTORY
REQUIREMENTS

Type approval Portable
Generating Set
meeting the
requirements of
Environmental
(Protection) Rules
1986, in respect of
noise and emission
norms, as described in
STC of the Product

yes *

Type approval number
and date

- *

Availability of Test
Report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accredited laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification for the
Portable Generator Set

Yes *

Test Report number
and date

- *

Name and address of
laboratory

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Chittaranjan
Mohanty

683501,INDIAN RARE
EARTHS LIMITED;
UDYOGMANDAL

2  30

Special terms and conditions for category power generators and portable generator 

                               3 / 5



 

1. In addition to General Terms and Conditions of the GeM following Special T&C shall be
applicable for Portable Generator / Generating Set:

1.Portable AC Generating Set shall comprise of air cooled / liquid cooled 4 stroke single
cylinder engine and alternator.

2.The Portable Generating Set shall comply temp. rise limits given in IS:4722 /
IS:13364 with latest amendments.

3.The Portable Generating Set shall be fitted with fuel tank of a capacity to give
continuous operation for minimum 5 hours at rated full load and fuel should not spill
out of the lid of the tank due to the vibration.

4.The Portable Generating Set should have low lubricating oil alert system.
5.Electric start Generating Sets, where applicable, shall have maintenance free battery

and battery Charger with suitable starter. Battery ratings and motor starters shall be
compatible with the respective engines of Electric start Generating Sets.

6.Conformity of Production (COP) and Type Approval Certificate (TAC) declaring make
and model of engine/Portable Generator Sets, shall be provided to the user on
demand.

7.Portable Generator Sets of type petrol / kerosen run shall meet the requirements of
Environmental Protection Rules 1986 vide notification No. GSR 742 (E) dt.
17.05.2002 and Sl. No. 91 dt. 25.09.2000 and all amendments up to date and
amendment vide GSR No. 628 (E) dt. 30.08.2001 in respect of noise level norms and
provision of Environment protection Rule 1999 for emission standard for Generator
set as per Rule 88 (B) effective from 01.06.2001 vide notification No. GSR 682 (E) dt.
05.10.1999 and GSR 535 (E) dt. 07.08.2013 along with all amendments up to date
issued by Min. of Environment & Forest, Govt. of India. CPCB Certificate also be
provided to the user on demand.

8.Portable Gen. Sets run by diesel shall meet the requirement of Environmental
Protection Rule 1986 as laid down by Min. of Environment & Forest read with GSR
371 ( E)dated 17.05.2002 , GSR 520 (E) dated 01.07.2003 , No.448 (E)dated
12.07.2004 , GSR 771 (E) dated 11.12.2013 & GSR 232 (E) Dated 31.03.2014 along
with all amendments upto date in respect of noise and emission norms. Portable
Generator Set shall also meet all other statutory requirements as notified by
Govt.time to time. CPCB Certificate also be provided to the user on demand.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

2.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

