












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/701758

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Micro Small And Medium Enterprises

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Fragrance And Flavour Development Centre (ffdc)
Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Kannauj Up

Total Quantity 1

Item Category water tanker mounted on two wheels trailer

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Water Tanker Mounted On Two Wheels Trailer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 6



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Type of Trailers - *

Capacity of water
tank (Liter)

5000 5000

Net water carrying
capacity (Liter)

5000 5000.0

Material used for
fabrication of water
tank

Steel of grade E-250BR
conforming to IS: 2062
Latest

Steel of grade E-250BR
conforming to IS: 2062
Latest

Thickness of the
water tank plate (
Min) (mm)

3.2 3.2

Gross weight of
water tank (Kg)

950 950.0

Overall length of
Trailers ( shall not
exceed 5 m upto 6
tonne load, 6.7m for
above 6 tonne load

13 *

Overall Width of
Trailers between
extreme points (meter)

66 *

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface to
top of platform (meter)

40 *

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface to
sideboard (meter)

48 *

Ground Clarence (mm) 500 *

Tipping Facility No *

If Tipping facility then
Provide the tipping
Angle in Degree, if Not
put NA (degree)

- *

Reto Reflective Marking
(tapes) as per AIS -090

Yes *

Lighting and Lighting
-signalling device as
per AIS-062

Yes *

Ladder provision on
back side of tank

Yes *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/a_Mqo8xptavd7Mw2bJ1g-q_Cy8a3wsHIAcf_CyjWQPU


 

Trailers shall be fitted
with Rear Under Run
Protective Device
(RUPD) confirming to IS
14812 :2005

Yes *

Trailers shall have
service and parking
brake as per AISD- 043

Yes *

The tanker shall have
the provision of one
main delivery valve
and three Taps (one on
each side)

Yes *

The Trailers shall be
fitted with pneumatics
tyres and rims of
suitable size confirming
to IS 13154 :1991 and
IS 10694 :1988

Yes *

Certification conformity to
standards

IS 8213:2000 with
latest amdmnt.

IS 8213:2000 with
latest amdmnt.

ISI marked ISMC
175mm X 75mm or
Better chanel used
for fabrication of
Chassis and frame
mounting on chassis

Yes Yes

Necessary clearance
from RTO for design of
water tanker to be
obtain before supply of
Trailer

Yes *

RTO approval Number
and date

- *

Avaliability of Test
report fron approved
Laboratory to prove
conforming to
specification as per AIS
043

Yes *

Test report No And
date

- *

Name of the testing
Laboratory

- *

Availability of NSIC
registration certificate
for water tanker

yes *

Certificate no and date - *

Performance Warranty (in
months)

36 36

                               3 / 6



 

Construction
Parameters

Type of suspension
system

- *

Diameter of the Axle
of chassis (Min)
(mm)

64 64.0

Nos. Of spring
leaves plates fitted
(Nos.)

15 15

Lashing hooks for
towing down load

Yes *

No of Hooks 2 *

Type of Towing Device - *

Capacity of Towing
(Tonne)

- 8.0

Painted Colour on the
Trailers as per IS 112

Red *

Painting on inter side of
the tank as approved
by the buyer

Yes *

Painting on outer side
of the tank as approved
by the buyer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prabhaschandra
Singh

209726,FRAGRANCE &
FLAVOUR DEVELOPMENT
CENTRE (FFDC), INDUSTRIAL
ESTATE, G.T. ROAD,
MAKRAND NAGAR

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),

                               4 / 6



 

Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

5. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

12. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
14.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the

                               5 / 6



 

Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

