












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/698608

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Indo Tibetan Border Police (itbp)

Office Name Commandant 4th Battalion Dirang Ap

Total Quantity 500

Item Category Emporium Products

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  175000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Emporium Products ( 500 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ORGANISATION Type of organisation
offering the
Emporium Products

Autonomous Entity Autonomous Entity

Name of Organisation - *

PRODUCT Name of the Product
Category

Condiments, Pickle Condiments, Pickle

Name of the
Subcategory

- *

Name of the Product - *

SKU Code SKU Code - *

DESCRIPTION Description - *

DIMENSIONS Dimensions ( mm ) - *

MASS Mass - *

MATERIAL Material - *

COLOUR Colour - *

OTHER DETAILS Other Details ( if any ) - *

APPROVAL OF PRICE Whether the price is
approved by
Government Agency

Yes Yes

If yes, name of the
price approving agency

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manish Kumar
Gautam

790101,Commandant 4th Bn
ITBP Dirang

500  15

Special terms and conditions for category Emporium Products 

1.This product category has been specially created on GeM for Direct and PAC buying of

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/DwjJ0o7QCTL4nyCB6y2-399hgk34QcQQJDc9oN-oJAM


 

handloom products, handicrafts products and gift articles etc. The procurement under this
category is limited to RS 50,000/- for Direct buying and unlimited value for PAC buying. By
uploading any product under this category, the seller undertakes that there is no predefined
category available on GeM for the offered item. While making procurement under this
category, Buyer also has to undertake that category of item selected is not otherwise
available on GeM for competitive procurement. Any procurement from this category in
violation of these guidelines will render the contract so concluded as null and void. Since
there are no defined parameters to compare the products of different OEMs/ Sellers, Buyer
has to be doubly sure about reasonableness of price of the product being procured. Any
false claim by seller about product specifications and about rate having been approved by
any government agency will be treated as a Severe Deviation under the Incident
Management Policy of the GeM.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

