












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697119

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Manipur

Department Name Health Services Department Manipur

Organisation Name National Rural Health Mission (nrhm)

Office Name Lamphelpat

Total Quantity 9

Item Category Medical Centrifuge

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  40 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 40% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Medical Centrifuge ( 9 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
standards

CE CE

Certificate number and
date

- *

Performance
Parameters

Purpose Separating Serum from
blood or for urine
sedimentation

*

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/vNgJ8EG-Z6bvEq_6OZQwKMmi0rggpilwB6y1mftqkbY


 

Centrifuge Design Bench Top *

Weight including
Default Rotor in kg

21 *

Auto cut off Yes *

Timer provided Yes *

Maximum RPM 2800 *

Number of steps for
RPM variation

7 *

Incremental Steps of
Variable RPM

400 *

Type of Motor Brushless (without
carbons)

*

Maximum Noise level
whemn working at 1
meter distance in db

60 *

Ambient operating
Temperature range in
Degree centigrade
Celsius and humidity
range

0 to 50 degree
centigrade and Relative
humidity 15 to 90%

*

Rotor imbalance
diagnostics and
automatic stop if
required

Yes *

Facility to ensure that
In case Machine is
runing and lid is
opened with manual
lock by user , machine
shall stop

Yes *

Maximum Timer Set
range

60 minutes *

Timer settings Provided interval of 10
secondsup to 1 minute
and over 1 minute up
to 60 minutes in
interval of 1 minute

*

Display LCD *

Speed Controller Microprocessor
controlled pre
programmed speed
controller

*

Speed Control Accuracy
in case of set speed
(Plus minus RPM )

50 *

Rotor configuration Angle Rotor Angle Rotor

Rotor Feature with
reference to

Autoclavable Rotor @
121 Degree Celsus,

*

                               3 / 7



 

Autoclavability

Maximum Volume of
the tube testable

15 ml centrifuges tubes 15 ml centrifuges tubes

Rotor Size 24x15ml 24x15ml

Power supply Single phase, 230 V 50
HZ AC Source

*

Power concumption in
watts

120 *

Length of the Medical
Centrifuge in mm

445 *

Width of the Medical
Centrifuge in mm

360 *

Height of of the Medical
Centrifuge in mm

355 *

Length of Power cord in
meters

2 *

The Equipment shall be
installed and
demonstrated before
Acceptance installation
and demonstration

Yes *

Accessories Spanner to tight or
loose Nut of Rotor on
Motor shaft head
puller,spare rotor nuts
,fuse-2, Instruction
Manual Book
,installation CD

*

Warranty in Years 3 3

Material Parameters Assembly Material for
manufacture of Medical
Centrifuge

Consists of Die cast
Aluminum, Aluminum
sheet, Stainless Steel,
CRC Steel,Plastic and
Rubber

*

Lid Material of Medical
Centrifuge

C.R.C Steel Finish with
Powder Coating or
stove painting / ABS
Plastic of injection
moulding

*

Body Material of
Medical Centrifuge

C.R.C Steel Finish with
Powder Coating or
stove painting / ABS
PLASTIC OF injection
moulding

*

Centrifuge Bowl
material of Medical
Centrifuge

304 Quality Stainless
Steel Moulded

*

Material of Rotor Aluminium, *

                               4 / 7



 

Reports ISO certification for
Manufacturer

Yes Yes

Certification number
and date , if no
certificate provided put
NA

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pungsumbam
Ibomcha Singh

795004,Medical Directorate,
Lamphelpat, Imphal

9  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of

                               5 / 7



 

CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.
4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

8.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

9.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

11.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

                               6 / 7



 

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

16.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 10.

17. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

18.SLBR52

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

