












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712018

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Energy And Petro Chemicals Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Electricity Board (geb) - Gujarat Urja Vikas
Nigam Limited (guvnl)

Office Name Pgvcl

Total Quantity 250

Item Category Industrial Safety Helmet

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

Industrial Safety Helmet ( 250 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Item Item Industrial Safety
Helmet

Industrial Safety
Helmet

Specification Conforming to
specification-
Industrial Safety
Helmets as per IS
specification no
2925-latest

Yes Yes

Certification ISI marking (for
Industrial Safety
Helmets as per IS
2925-latest )

Yes Yes

Material Material
Construction of the
non-metalic shell

Polypropylene Polypropylene

Material
Construction of the
inner harness for the
head band, anti-
concussion tape, etc
of safety helmet

Nylon Nylon

No metal parts in
helmet for use in
underground mines

Yes *

The Helmets shall be
sweat-resistant, non-
irritant and shall not
cause skin disease

Yes *

Ear Muff No No

Ear Muff Material N/A N/A

Ear muff Pads NA *

Cover of Ear Muff
Pad

N/A N/A

Colour Colour of Helmet White *

Construction Brim Surrounding
the shell

NA NA

No of holes on each
side

3 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/YiZVNKDxVhTF-8Zq2U7AW3-qYc73LJCAUe8o-nzOJ7E


 

Anti concussion Tapes,
Anchoring points

5 *

Chin Strap No *

Nape Strap No *

Lamp Bracket No *

Cable Clip No *

Dimension Helmet Sizes (mm) 581-590 581-590

Width of the Head
Band (mm)

36-40 36-40

Diameter of the hole
(mm)

6 *

Interhole (for
ventilation)
distance(mm)

46-50 *

Total aggregate area of
holes(Sq mm)

300 *

Width of the Cradle
Strap(mm)

30 *

The strap clearance
between the top of the
wearer's head and the
inside top of the helmet
crown (mm)

46-50 *

The Headband's
wearing height (mm)

91-95 *

Width of Chin
Strap(mm)

25-30 *

Depth of Nape
Strap(mm)

115-120 *

Length of Ear Muff(mm) NA *

Width of Ear Muff(mm) NA *

Thickness of Ear
Muff(mm)

NA *

Material Mass Mass of Helmet
without
attachments(gram)

375 375

Performance Shock Absorption Yes *

Penetration Resistance Yes *

flammability
Resistance

Yes *

Electrical Resistance Yes *

Water Absorption Yes *

Heat Resistance Yes *

Test Report Availability of Test - *

                               3 / 5



 

Report from the list of
approved laboratory as
per BIS of Industrial
Safety Helmet

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vaghela
Girishkumar
Babulal

360575,Porbandar Rural
division store, Pgvcl, Birla
Road, Near GEB Colony,
opposite pragjibapa ashram,
Porbandar

250  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

4.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

                               4 / 5



 

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

10.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): TEST CERTIFICATE SHOULD
ATTACHED..

11.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 7
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 15 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

12.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

