












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700538

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nhpc Ltd., Chutak Power Station

Total Quantity 9

Item Category Desktop Computers

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 9



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
4. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Desktop Computers ( 9 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement

                               2 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/SIhbl7vhDcqebvwDyU4F8HjHc3N_mhgHttpr4Y6YuqU


 

(Allowed Values)

Processor Processor Make Intel Intel

Processor
Generation

7 7.0 Or higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

4 4, 6, 8 Or higher

Processor Base
Frequency (GHz)

3.6 *

Processor
Description

Intel Core i7 Intel Core i7 Or higher

Processor Number Intel Core i7 7700 Intel Core i7 7700, Intel
Core i7 8700T, Intel
Core i7 7700K, Intel
Core i7 8700, Intel Core
i7 8700K, Intel Core i7
9700, Intel Core i7
9700K, Intel Core i7
9700KF, Intel Core i7
9700F, Intel Core i7
8086K, Intel Core i7
9700T Or higher

Out of Band
Management

NA *

Cache (MB) 8 *

Motherboard Chipset Series Intel H Series Intel H Series, Intel B
Series, Intel Q Series Or
higher

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
1) (Number)

1 *

Chipset Number Intel H110 Intel H110, Intel H270,
Intel H310, Intel H370,
Intel B250, Intel B360,
Intel Q 250, Intel Q
270, Intel Q 370, Intel B
365 Or higher

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
4) (Number)

0 *

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
16) (Number)

1 *

Expansion Slots (PCI)
(Number)

0 *

Expansion Slots (M Dot
2)

1 *

Graphics Graphics Type Integrated *

Graphic Card
Description

- *

Size of Memory in Case
of Dedicated Graphic

0 *

                               3 / 9



 

Card (GB)

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics
(MB)

- *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Windows 10
Professional

Windows 10
Professional

Recovery Image Media - *

OS Certification Windows *

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 8 8, 16, 32, 64 Or higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 2400 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

2 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

1 *

RAM Expandability
up to( using spare
DIMM Slots in GB)

32 32, 64, 128 Or higher

Storage Total Number of
Internal Bays available

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
inches internal Bays

0 *

Number of 3 point 5
inches Internal Bays

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

0 *

Number of 3 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

1 *

Type of Drives used
to populate the
Internal Bays

HDD HDD

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
HDD

1 *

Capacity of each HDD
(GB)

1000 @7200 rpm *

Total HDD Capacity
(GB)

1000 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000 Or higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSD

0 *

Capacity of each SSD
(GB)

0 *

                               4 / 9



 

Total SSD Capacity
(GB)

0 128, 256, 384, 512,
768, 0, 1024, 2048 Or
higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSHD

0 *

Capacity of each SSHD
(GB)

NA *

Total SSHD Capacity
in addition to 8 GB
Flash (GB)

0 500, 1000, 2000, 0 Or
higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Cabinet Cabinet Form Factor Tower (13.1 to 26
Litres)

Tower (13.1 to 26
Litres)

Cabinet Volume (Litres) - *

External Bays
(Number)

1 *

Optical Drive DVD R/W *

Internal Speaker Yes *

Audio-in Yes *

Audio-out Yes *

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in Yes *

Connectivity Wireless Connectivity No *

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

NA *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

Type of Ethernet Ports 10/100/1000 on board
Integrated Gigabit Port

*

Bluetooth Connectivity No *

If Yes, Version of
Bluetooth Available

0 *

Ports Number of USB Version
2 Point 0 Ports

4 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 0 / 3 point 1,
Gen 1 Ports

4 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 1, Gen 2 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Type C
Ports

0 *

Number of Serial Ports 1 *

Number of Parallel 0 *

                               5 / 9



 

Ports

Number of VGA Ports 1 *

Number of HDMI Ports 1 *

Number of DP Ports 0 *

Monitor Model of the Monitor - *

Monitor Technology TN IPS, TN, VA Or higher

LED Backlit Monitor
Size (INCHES)

21.5 21.5, 22, 23, 24, 27,
23.8 Or higher

Monitor Resolution
(PIXELS)

1920x1080 1920x1080, 1920 x
1200, 3200x1800,
3840 x 2160, 2560 x
1440 Or higher

TCO Certification for
Monitor

- *

Number of VGA Ports in
the Monitor

1 *

Number of HDMI Ports
in the Monitor

0 *

Number of Display
Ports in the Monitor

0 *

Availability of Webcam
integrated with Monitor

No *

If Yes, Resolution of
Webcam

NA *

Availability of Speakers
integrated with Monitor

No *

If Yes, Number of
Speakers available

0 *

Power Power Supply Capacity
(Watt)

- *

Minimum Power
Efficiency Range (%)

85 - 89 *

Certification ROHS Compliance Yes *

BEE / Energy Star for
the given Model

Yes *

Input Devices Mouse Connectivity Wired *

Type of Mouse Optical Scroll *

Keyboard Connectivity Wired *

Type of Keyboard Standard *

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

40 *

                               6 / 9



 

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

10 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

90 *

Warranty On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 3, 5, 4 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Binod Kumar
Singh

194103,Chutak Power
Station, Minji, Kargil,
Laddakh

9  30

Special terms and conditions for category Desktop Computers 

1.As per notification of MEITY circulated vide letter no. F.No.33(1)/2017-IPHW..dated
:14/09/2017, the minimum local content should be 45.percent to qualify as local or domestic
manufacturer.\n\nSeller has to ensure that operating system software etc comes preloaded
with machine from respective OEM . Any deviation in respect of genuinity and authenticity of
OS will attract severe penalty on part of seller as law of the land and contractual provisions.
Buyer are also requested to verify the key no of OS etc with server of Microsoft/Linux before
accepting machines to avoid complexity at latter stage.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership

or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than

                               7 / 9



 

3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 15% of total
value.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

13.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope The

                               8 / 9



 

equipment/ items shall be warranted against poor quality or workmanship of material or
manufacturing defects during the warranty period. and shall repair/replace the defected
items free of cost without any extra charges. (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming
compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking
onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

14.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

15.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

