












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713383
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name National Rural Health Mission (nrhm) State Health Society

Office Name Commissionarate Of Health

Total Quantity 197

Item Category Automatic External Defibrillator (AED)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  220 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the

                               1 / 5



 

bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Automatic External Defibrillator (AED) ( 197 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Product Configuration Clinical Purpose Automatic external
defibrillator should be fully
automated, using biphasic
technology as per
manufacturer
recommendations energy
level (joules) to deliver
shock energy, complying
with latest guidelines of
AHA and must be upgraded
to any future changes.

*

Display AED have an LCD screen
that display text prompts &
ECG on screen

AED have an LCD screen
that display text prompts &
ECG on screen, No display
provided

Alarms/Prompts: Must provide both visual
and audible prompts on CPR
complying with latest AHA
guidelines.

*

Construction: Compact, light weight,
portable with easily
identifiable ON/OFF switch
and preferably with a
handle to carry

*

IPX rating for dust & water
protection:

IP55 or better *

Power Power Source: AED shall be battery
operated

*

Battery: AED Battery shall be non
rechargeable, disposable
and easily replaceable
battery.

*

Battery Life: Standby life of AED battery
shall be of >= 4 years,
sufficient for eight hours of
monitoring or minimum 100
shocks

*

Accessories Disposable electrode pads: Adult Disposable Electrode
Pads - 2 nos. and Paediatric
Disposable electrode pads -
2 Nos. are to be supplied for
each unit of AED. If the

*

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Hps0UJOT_qSDUFYC9gHJXUTU0yMkRMYEKdvfEjTC4SI


 

Buyer demands, Seller shall
supply total 4 nos. of
Disposable Electrode Pads
suitable for Adult /Paediatric
patients as per the
requirement of the Buyer.

Certification & Warranty Warranty of AED: 5 years, [With provision of
free replacement of Battery
during warranty period]

5 years, [With provision of
free replacement of Battery
during warranty period] Or
higher

Shelf life of Disposable
electrode pad:

Two Years (if unused) *

Operating Conditions &
Certification

Operating Temperature: 0 degree to 50 degree C *

Operating Humidity: 12% to 90% RH, non
condensing

*

Operating Altitude: 100 to 15000 ft or above *

Certification - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ashish Kumar Muley 382010,GVK Emergency
Management and Research
Institute Gujarat – 108 Emergency
Management Centre, Naroda-
Kathwada Road, Naroda,
Ahmedabad, Pin 382 330, Gujarat,
India.

197  30

Special terms and conditions for category Automatic External Defibrillator (AED) 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as
per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares,. During the warranty
period commencing from date of the successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each
consignee site as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six
months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during
warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend warranty period by double the
downtime period.Service centresDetails of Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be
furnished to buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the
supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to cater to
the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the service calls can be handled
.Details of toll free numbers for service call and online registration of service requests also to be provided
buyer/consignee at the time of supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents
regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish that the
products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from them.Packing and MarkingMedical
equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for the goods should be strong and durable enough to
withstand transit including transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage,
deterioration etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the
goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to final
destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages and provision of
accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of medical equipments being supplied. The
accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with
indelible paint of proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including
quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured and supplied by the

                               3 / 5



 

OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of
supplies .In case due to any reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice
should be given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient inventories to
assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that the same are available.OEM or
reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most
competitive price for spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training,
ManualsSeller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of
the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the completion of the
installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and
Supplying required number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters
are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be
applicable. Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of equipments for
carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They should make sure to periodically
check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required
equipment for such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through
labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All software updates
should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

7.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit

                               4 / 5



 

the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

