












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710038

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Energy And Petro Chemicals Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat State Petronet Limited (gspl) Gandhinagar

Office Name Sector26 Gandhinagar

Total Quantity 84

Item Category Rain Jacket ( With Integrated Hood and Trouser )

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Rain Jacket ( With Integrated Hood And Trouser ) ( 84 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical Specification
of the product

"Rain Jacket ( With
Integrated Hood and
Trouser) as per Indian
Air Force specification
No. IAFS 01061:2013,
issued by Command
Logistics Management
Officer (Quality
Assurance Services)
Head Quarters,
Maintenance Command
Vayu Sena Nagar
Nagpur - 440 007 "

*

Specification has been
seen and Understood

Yes *

Colour Colours Navy Blue *

SIZE Size of Jacket Assorted size as per
buyer's requirement

Assorted size as per
buyer's requirement

Size of Trouser Assorted size as per
buyer's requirement

Assorted size as per
buyer's requirement

REGISTRATION Whether registered
with any Defense
Authority

Yes Yes

If registered, name of
Registration Authourity

- *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2t2VrT8uwAhWKt9zEv7RyIGQVQ0APulIATrEjWlU02U


 

( Must be declared ) (
Enter not applicable, if
not registered )

Registration Certficate
No and Validity ( Must
be declared ) ( Enter
not applicable, if not
registered )

- *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from
designated AHSP/
NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 C.R Praseed 382028,GSPL Bhavan,E-18,
GIDC Electronics Estate,
Near K-7 Circle, Sector-26,
Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India

84  15

Special terms and conditions for category Rain Jacket ( With Integrated Hood and
Trouser ) 

                               3 / 4



 

1.After award of contract, when specified in the Bid, Seller shall have to get Advance
Sample(s) approved by the Buyer before starting Bulk Supplies. The Seller shall submit the
Advance Sample(s) within 7 days from the date of placement of the order. The buyer shall
approve or otherwise the Advance Sample(s) within 7 days from the date of receipt of the
Advance Sample(s).

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

2.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

