












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/685883

  Dated: 25-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 08-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-08 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute Of
Health And Medical Sciences (neigrihms)

Office Name Neigrihms, Shillong

Total Quantity 10000

Item Category MEDICAL GOWNS - DISPOSABLE

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1500000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank Of Baroda

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 7500

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
NEIGRIHMS, Shillong
Neigrihms, Shillong, Department of Health and Family Welfare, North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional
Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
(Deputy Director Administration)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 6



 

MEDICAL GOWNS - DISPOSABLE ( 10000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Gown Type Surgeon gown Surgeon gown

Colour Medical Blue *

Disposable Yes *

Breathable Yes *

Antistatic Properties Yes *

Impervious to fluids Yes *

Reinforced Yes *

Sterilized Yes *

Method of Sterilization ETO *

DIMENSIONS Gown Width 72 72.0

Gown Length 115 115.0, 135.0

No of belts to tie
(pair)

1 1

Length of each tying
belt stitched(cm)

100 100.0 - 200.0 Or higher

Width of tying belt
(cm)

3 3.0

MATERIAL Material used for
gown

Non woven, Reinforced Non woven, Reinforced

Composition of Non
woven Reinforced
Material

SMS+ Poly coated SMS+ Poly coated

Reinforced critical
zones (front and
sleeve up to elbows)
to provide 100 %
protection against
any amount of fluid

Yes Yes

GSM of Non woven
Fabric (g/m2)

60 60

Alcohal Repellent
Material

Yes *

CONSTRUCTION Closing at neck Hook and loop/Velcro
Fastener with Piping of
non woven material
stitched to raw edges
of Neck opening
extending at both ends

Hook and loop/Velcro
Fastener with Piping of
non woven material
stitched to raw edges
of Neck opening
extending at both ends

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Ggzw8gs3aFBYZ1A-ZlYIlzXTMmF-F67SIcLnqse7sc0


 

for tying for tying

Pair of Disposable
absorbent hand
wipes

Yes Yes

Sleeve Type Full sleeve Full sleeve

Cuff end With knitted cuff of at
least 10 cm width

With knitted cuff of at
least 10 cm width

Wrap Around type Yes *

PACKING Type of Packing Sterile pack, must be
double packed with
outer pouch must be
peel off made of
Medical Grade paper

*

Type of Wrapping Set in sleeve *

CERTIFICATION AAMI Protection
level

Level III Level III

Certification - *

Submission of test
report clearly
specifying the
nomenclature of fabric,
Method of sterilization
and AAMI protection
level in addition to
other parameter to the
buyer on form 39 or
from NABL/ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specificatiion

Yes *

Product conformity
certificate to be
furnished to buyer at
the time of supply

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Laishram
Premananda

793018,P.O. NEIGRIHMS,
Mawdiangdiang, Shillong

10000  30

                               4 / 6



 

Singh

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Certificate for the supply of the same to any Govt/ PSU/ any renowned private
organisation along with Supply/ Purchase Order.

2.Make in india specific authorisation certificate needs to be enclosed.
3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be

ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Preference to Make In India products: Preference shall be given to local supplier as defined in
public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to time
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific
Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a local supplier, should be as per
relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry as available on the website of
Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade (DPIIT). If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
29.5.2019.

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

7.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

8.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of NEIGRIHMS
EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS payable at SHILLONG, MEGHALAYA.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

9.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer
after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with
covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

10.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of NEIGRIHMS EMD
SECURITY DEPOSITS payable at SHILLONG, MEGHALAYA.

                               5 / 6



 

Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS Account No. 30270200000027 IFSC
Code BARB0MAWDIA Bank Name BANK OF BARODA Branch address MAWDIANGDIANG,
SHILLONG -793018, MEGHALAYA.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

