












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712831
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 40 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Chittaranjan Locomotive Works (clw)

Office Name 713331

Total Quantity 1000

Item Category pvc aluminium cable

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 3



 

Pvc Aluminium Cable ( 1000 meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Product description Non Weather proof
Unarmoured PVC Insulated
Unsheathed Cable with
Aluminium Conductor for
working Voltage up to and
including 1100Volt and
conforming to IS:694/90
Reaffirmed 2005 Conductor
shall conform to table I and
II as applicable 0f
IS:8130/1984 Reaffirmed
2005

Non Weather proof
Unarmoured PVC Insulated
Unsheathed Cable with
Aluminium Conductor for
working Voltage up to and
including 1100Volt and
conforming to IS:694/90
Reaffirmed 2005 Conductor
shall conform to table I and
II as applicable 0f
IS:8130/1984 Reaffirmed
2005

BIS Marking Mandatory *

BIS CM/L No. - *

Cable Size (Sq-mm) 10 10.0, 10

No. of Core (Nos.) Three Three

Type of Cable Flat Flat

Type of Conductor Single Single

CONSTRUCTIONAL Standard cable length
sUpplied in coils without
negative tolerance (meters)

100 mETRES *

Supply of short length
quantity against individual
supply order Minimum

5 percent *

Short length (meters) - *

Nos of Short length in reel
(No.)

- *

Sequential Marking of the
cable length on each meter

YES *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Test Report
from NABL/ ILAC accredited
or Central Government Lab
to prove conformity of
products to the specification
Suppliers shall submit
complete and satisfactory
Type Test Certificate for the
smallest and the largest
sizeof the cable Type tests
shall include thermal
stability test for insulation
and sheath Seperate TTC
shall be required for
nonweather proof and
weather proof cables

YES *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/dvURlnaGdb-V-Blu2zFm0hXkUT-XaO2wA1T2TcxBN-A


 

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test report to be furnished
to the buyer on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ajoy Kumar Hira 713331,GM Building, CMM Office,
Chittaranjan

1000  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local

suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

3.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

4.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers

are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

