












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708835

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Regional Office, Telangana

Total Quantity 330

Item Category Ball Point Pen

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Ball Point Pen ( 330 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Type of Ink Type of Ink (water
based)

- *

Color Ink Color Blue *

Physical Characteristics TC Ball Tip (mm) 0.5 0.5

Line Width (mm) 0.5 *

Model Model / other - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pronab Kumar
Chowdhury

500063,Regional Office
Employees State Insurance
Corporation 5-9-23 Hill Fort
Road Adarsh Nagar
Hyderabad

330  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/nvPvkdVGu4q196xLiOmyFKU44XZqlfgZlGPsLy0ys4I


 

and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

