












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702134

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Agriculture And Farmers Welfare

Department Name Department Of Agricultural Research And Education
(dare)

Organisation Name Central Agricultural University Imphal Manipur

Office Name College Of Fisheries Tripura

Total Quantity 1

Item Category BOD Incubator

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  60 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 60% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

BOD Incubator ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item BOD Incubator *

DESIGN Features available in
BOD Incubator

Air circulation
fan,Removable
tray,Temperature
sensor,Door
hinges,Door handle
with lock & key,Safety t
hermostat,Refrigeratio
n system,Power
cord,Solid door,Heater,
Temperature High/Low
Safety alarm

Air circulation fan,
Removable tray,
Temperature sensor,
Door hinges, Door
handle with lock & key,
Safety thermostat,
Refrigeration system,
Power cord, Solid door,
Heater, Temperature
High/Low Safety alarm

Optional Features
available in BOD
Incubator

Digital event
timer,illumination with
3 florescent lights,
Digital cyclic timer 24 x
7

Digital event timer,
illumination with 3
florescent lights, Digital
cyclic timer 24 x 7

No of Trays 2 2

Air Circulation Axial fan Axial fan

MATERIAL Exterior body
material

CR Steel Sheet CR Steel Sheet

Interior body material Stainless Steel *

Insulation material PUF PUF

Outer door material Powder Coated GI
sheet

Powder Coated GI
sheet

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/wnfWiHXFbbmmzfDVI1JDpw2LaUdXCDyKGOPBNl5gPxA


 

Inner door material
Material of
removable tray

Acrylic Sheet Acrylic Sheet

DIMENSION Chamber Capacity(in
ltr)

200-249 200-249

Overall length(in mm)
Overall Width(in mm)
Overall Height(in mm)
Thickness of sheet (in
MM ) Thickness of
Toughed Glass/Acrylic
Sheet (in MM )
Diameter of Stainless
Steel wire in mesh ( in
MM )

655 *

Overall Width(in mm) 660 *

Overall Height(in mm) 450 *

Thickness of sheet
(in MM )

0.7 0.7

Thickness of
Toughed
Glass/Acrylic Sheet
(in MM )

7 7

Diameter of
Stainless Steel wire
in mesh ( in MM )

3 3

Wire Length(in mtr) 1.0 *

POWER Temperature Range 5°C to 60°C 5°C to 60°C

Temperature
Accuracy

± 0.5°C ± 0.5°C

Temperature
Uniformity

± 1°C ± 1°C

Power supply 230 Volts 50 Hz *

WARRANTY Warranty(in year) 1 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sashadhar Chanda 799210,College of Fisheries
Central Agricultural

1  30

                               3 / 4



 

University Lembucherra,
Agartala - 799 210 Tripura,
India

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

6.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

7.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

