












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702470

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Social Justice And Empowerment

Department Name Department Of Social Justice And Empowerment

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nild-kolkata

Total Quantity 26

Item Category Stainless Steel Dining Table With Fixed Chair

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 32331

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Deputy Director (O)
Nild-kolkata, Department of Social Justice and Empowerment, N/A, Ministry of Social Justice and
Empowerment
(Ameed Equebal)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Stainless Steel Dining Table With Fixed Chair ( 26 pieces )

                               2 / 7



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL AND
MATERIAL THICKNESS

Table top / Chair
seat / bench seat
material

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Table top / Chair
seat / bench seat
thickness

1.0 mm 1.0 mm

Leg material for
Table and
Chair/bench

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Wall thickness of
Leg material (for
Table and
Chair/bench)

1.5 mm 1.5 mm

Support material for
Table and
Chair/bench

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Wall thickness of
Support material (for
Table and Chair/bench)

1.5 mm *

Backrest material for
Chair/bench

No backrest No backrest

Backrest pipe wall
thickness

No backrest *

Table - Chair/bench
attaching material

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Stainless steel Grade
304 galvanized

Wall thickness of Table
and chair/bench
attachment

1.2 mm *

Generic Product
Configuration

Provision for 4 -
persons

Provision for 4 -
persons

Design of Table Rectangular *

Design of fixed
Chair/bench

Round *

Mode of supply Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At
Consignee Site By The
Seller

Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At
Consignee Site By The
Seller

Transportation / Freight
charges

Offer Prices are on Free
Delivery at Consignee
site basis.

*

Table Foot rest Only two sides - along
the width.

Only two sides - along
the width.

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/8I8cxg7xGowpyngtFhNUZQRiTyQmwuyyDSpNvMLiHjI


 

Chair/bench Foot rest No foot rest *

Chair/bench back
rest

Without Without

Support for Table
top

Depthwise support Depthwise support

Number of support
for Table top

4 no. 4 no.

Support for
chair/bench seat

Depthwise support Depthwise support

Number of support for
chair/bench seat

1 no. *

Number of Legs in
table

4 - legs *

Number of Legs in
chair/bench

Single pole *

Dimensions Width of table ± 10
mm

1180 for 4-seater 1180 for 4-seater

Depth of table ± 10
mm

760 mm *

Height of table ± 10
mm

750 mm *

Table Leg size ± 2 mm 25 mm x 25 mm *

Chair/bench Leg size
± 2 mm

25 mm x 25 mm 25 mm x 25 mm

Size of support
pipes/square
sections (for table)

25 mm x 25 mm 25 mm x 25 mm

Size of support
pipes/square
sections (for
chair/bench)

20 mm x 20 mm 20 mm x 20 mm

Chair/bench seat width
/ Dia ±10 mm

250 mm *

Chair/bench seat depth
± 10 mm

N.A *

Chair/bench seat height
± 5 mm

500 MM *

Backrest width ± 5 mm N.A *

Overall height of
chair/bench (including
backrest) ± 10 mm

500 MM *

FINISHING & PACKING Ends of the sides of
table and chair/bench
seat

To be double fold after
cutting

*

Dressing of table /
Chair / bench

Surface free from crack
and distortion.

*

                               4 / 7



 

Packing Five ply corrugated
board and strapped
with 12mm HDPE strap.

*

WARRANTY Warranty Period 1 - year 1 - year

Certification Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

Yes *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

Yes *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

Yes *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rakesh Kundu 700090,NILD, B T Road,
Bonhooghly, Kolkata-700090

26  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited

                               5 / 7



 

Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

11.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name NATIONAL INSTITUTE FOR THE ORTHOPAEDICALLY
HANDICAPPED Account No. 53015297593 IFSC Code SBIN0030468 Bank Name STATE BANK
OF INDIA Branch address 100/2 subham Plaza, B.T. Road Bonhooghly, Kolkata 700090.
Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction
details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the

                               6 / 7



 

Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

