












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713728
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar

Organisation Name Urban Development And Housing Department

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Mehsi

Total Quantity 200

Item Category Waste containers and accessories - Domestic

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  32 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  200 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or

                               1 / 4



 

through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Waste Containers And Accessories - Domestic ( 200 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Utility (Waste container for) Domestic *

Material Stainless steel Stainless steel

Bin capacity (in Litres) 100 100

Container shall be supply
with Lid

Removable Removable

Wheel Dimension in (mm)
(Diameter x Thickness )
(mm x mm) - Must declare

- *

"Weight of Dustbin
(Complete unit) (in Grams) -
Must be declare"

- *

Color of the container NA for Metal/Steel NA for Metal/Steel

Wheel Lock No No

Load carrying Capacity
(Kgs) - Must be declare

- *

Wall Non- Perforated Non- Perforated

Handle Without Without

Wheel Without Without

Wheel material - Must
declare

- *

Towage Provision No No

Gripping provision Frontal Frontal

Plugged Outlet for
Washing and Draining

Without Without

No. of compartments in
the Bin

Twin Bin Twin Bin

Dust Bin Stand With stand With stand

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/CzTLhYCXiICbzHAQI2RxAxKKClTkgSxI2qUqXlNAfvM


 

UV Resistant Yes Yes

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity of the
specification

Yes *

Test report number - Must
declare

- *

Report date - Must declare - *

Name of lab - Must declare - *

Address of lab - Must
declare

- *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish by
the supplier to the
buyer/consignee on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vinod Kumar 845426,nagar panchayat mehsi 200  40

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
3.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product

                               3 / 4



 

having highest bid value should meet this criterion.
10.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk

manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

11.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer
before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

12.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 100 Quantity shall be
supplied within 15 days of contract placement and thereafter 30 Quantity per Fortnight)

13.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

