












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715048
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Ayush

Department Name Central Council For Research In Ayurvedic Sciences

Organisation Name Captain Srinivasa Murthy Regional Ayurveda Drug Development
Institute (csmraddi), Chennai

Office Name Chennai

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Gel Documentation System

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 5



 

meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Gel Documentation System ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for product - *

Certification date and
number

- *

Quality system certifications
of manufacturer

ISO 13485 and 9001 *

Conformity to standard for
for electrical safety latest
amendment

IEC- 60601-2-40 or BIS
Equivalent

*

Performance Parameters Purpose Gel documentation system
refers to equipment widely
used in molecular biology
laboratories for the imaging
and documentation of
nucleic acid and protein
suspended within
polyacrylamide or agarose
gels

*

Camera imager for
imaging applications

DNA gels,Protein gels DNA gels, Protein gels,
Fluorescence

Type of Camera CCD CCD

System should enable
detection of picogram
levels of sample with
chemiluminescence

No Yes, No Or higher

Display NA (If used with
workstation)

LCD, NA (If used with
workstation)

Machine should have
onboard capture and
analyse software for
ease of use and
automation, with PC
connectivity and USB
connection

Yes Yes Or higher

Camera with fixed focus
motorized lens

Yes Yes Or higher

Cooling Temperature
available for the camera
in °C

NA (if Chemi is not
available)

NA (if Chemi is not
available)

Camera resolution in
Mega Pixel (MP)

3 Mega Pixel 3 Mega Pixel

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/-9kZnpVx3r1GZc_lBBVd-BZwAhmbGdK76mFOFde6P-c


 

Should have bright lens,
Automatic focusing and
calibrations for quantitative
blot and gel imaging

Yes *

Compact dark room
should include

UV transilluminator with
White and Blue Light
sources

UV transilluminator with
White and Blue Light
sources

UV transillumination
wavelength (nm)

302 302, 365

Imaging area in cm x cm
with tolerance of ±10%

15x17 15x17, 20x20, 25x30, 20 x
24

Machine should include
positions motorised filter
wheel with suitable filter
for EtBr, SYBR Green,
Coomassie Blue, Silver
Stain

1 1

Sample placement slot
should be adjustable as
per user requirement
and application specific
trays for UV, White and
Chemiluminescent Blot
samples should be
provided

Yes Yes Or higher

Modes of image
capturing

Automatic Automatic

Analysis software 1D 1D

Power supply 220-240 V, 50 Hz single
phase

*

Image Printing Yes *

Miscellaneous Parameters Comprehensive Warranty
in years

2 2

Installation and
demonstration to be given
before acceptance

Yes *

Instruction manual to be
supplied

Yes *

Number of installations
of the Machine machines
in Central /State/PSU
Govt Hospitals( Note:
Seller should supply a
performace certificate of
the device to the buyer if
demanded after
placement of order)

More than 3 Upto 3, More than 3

OEM/Reseller ( if supplied to
reseller shall ensure
uninterputed availabilty of
all spares for 10 years)

Yes *

Availability of toll free
facility for technical support
maintened by OEM or
authorized agencies

Yes *

User/Technical/Maintenance
manuals in original to be
supplied in English in hard

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

and soft copy

Demonstration of
equipment and training to
be provided after
completing supplies before
acceptance

Yes *

The Principal Manufacturer
must have direct
Presence/approved service
center In India

Yes *

QA, QC and other tests as
per NABH shall be carried
out by OEM or authorized
agency of OEM

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nagalakshmi.E 600106,Captain Srinivasa Murthy
Regional Ayurveda Drug
Development Institute, A.A. Govt.
Hospital Campus, Arumbakkam,
Chennai-600106 Tamil Nadu

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category Gel Documentation System 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as
per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares,. During the warranty
period commencing from date of the successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each
consignee site as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six
months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during
warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend warranty period by double the
downtime period.Service centresDetails of Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be
furnished to buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the
supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to cater to
the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the service calls can be handled
.Details of toll free numbers for service call and online registration of service requests also to be provided
buyer/consignee at the time of supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents
regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish that the
products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from them.Packing and MarkingMedical
equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for the goods should be strong and durable enough to
withstand transit including transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage,
deterioration etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the
goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to final
destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages and provision of
accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of medical equipments being supplied. The
accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with
indelible paint of proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including
quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured and supplied by the
OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of
supplies .In case due to any reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice
should be given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient inventories to
assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that the same are available.OEM or
reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most

                               4 / 5



 

competitive price for spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training,
ManualsSeller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of
the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the completion of the
installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and
Supplying required number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters
are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be
applicable. Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of equipments for
carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They should make sure to periodically
check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required
equipment for such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through
labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All software updates
should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

6.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

