












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707318
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Roti Making Machine ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  39 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  964000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 19280

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 5



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIG
Dte. Genl., Central Armed Police Forces, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Ministry of Home Affairs
(Digp/principal Rtc Crpf Jodhpur)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.

Roti Making Machine ( 2 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make synergytechnics

Model arm1000

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Machine Type Machine Type Rotary Wheel mechanism *

Chapati Collect Chapati collection Automatic collection to
storage Bin

*

Design Start/Response Time for first
Chapati comming to
Bin(min)

15 *

Dough Ball weight Range
(25 to 45 gms) minimum

yes yes

Structural / Covering
material of the machine

Stainless Steel *

Power consumption
(watt)

2250 2250

Shape of Chapati Round *

Chapati Colour Light brown *

Power efficient machine yes *

Chapati diameter (mm) 200 200

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/xo2bfkUlCXOl-W8SxgHyYQ3bg2rzibd_kEhyJvmk2ug


 

Automation Semi automatic, without
Dough Ball making Process

Semi automatic, without
Dough Ball making Process

Quality of Chapati Soft with Puffed layer *

Fuel efficient Machine yes *

Details Of Display On
Control Panel

Temparature Controller Yes *

Volt Meter No *

Toggle Switch No *

Push Starter Yes *

Rotary Switch No *

Emergency Switch And
Indicators

Yes *

Dimension Input Voltage (volt) 230 +/- 10% 230 +/- 10%

Chapati making Capacity
(nos/hour)

925 925

Fuel Consumption(LPG)
(kg/Hr)

3 *

Over all length ( in MM ) 2250 2250

Over all width ( in MM ) 550 550

Over all height ( in MM ) 1200 1200

Input Power (phase) Single Single

Fuel Type of fuel LPG *

Test Report Certification ISO9001:2015 *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 M Anbalagan 342304,DIGP/PRINCIPAL ,RTC,
CRPF, Jodhpur at PALRI KHICHIYAN
JODHPUR PINCODE-342304

2  20

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product

                               3 / 5



 

having highest bid value should meet this criterion.
4.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local

suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

9.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): AS PER OEM
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: AS PER OEM

10.Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised Inspecting officers /
empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's risk with pre-
dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment, components , solutions and documentation
conform to contractual requirements. If an institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to
appoint / nominate their own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in term of percentage
which is 2 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a right before payment or acceptance to
inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When
the seller is required or authorized to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival.
Expenses of inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods do not
conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for inspection charges as applicable
and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies to contractual specification etc , on production of
payment receipt issued by inspection agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency specifying the place
where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of such notice notify to the seller the date
and time when the stores would be inspected. The seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting
officer , all reasonable facilities and such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the
stores are being and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection of consignment shall
be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance of every kind which
the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination, other than special or independent test,
which he shall require to be made on the seller's premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant
thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his premises as the
Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for tests for which seller does not have
the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing outside owing to lack
of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to the buyer the costs incurred in the
inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for
similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or any part thereof to
such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing specification . The seller shall not be entitled to
object on any ground whatsoever to the method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials expended in test will be
borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment . The Inspecting officer’s
decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to mark all the approved

                               4 / 5



 

stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.
11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
12.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk

manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of DIGP/PRINCIPAL RTC CRPF
JODHPUR payable at 19280.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

