












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699866

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Mine Planning And Design Institute Limited

Office Name Jharkhand

Total Quantity 30

Item Category automotive vehicles pneumatic tyres

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Past Performance,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

                               1 / 5



 

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Automotive Vehicles Pneumatic Tyres ( 30 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Ungrouped Category Of
Pneumatic tyres

Normal Road Tyre Normal Road Tyre,
Special use Tyre: mixed
used, Restricted speed:
snow tyre

Tyres With Tube With Tube

Conformity to Indian
Standrad for
Pneumatic Tyres

IS:15636 latest for
Automotive vehicles:
Pneumatic tyre for
commercial Vehicles-
Diagonal and radial ply

IS:15636 latest for
Automotive vehicles:
Pneumatic tyre for
commercial Vehicles-
Diagonal and radial ply

Conformity to Indian
Standrad for
Pneumatic Tubes

IS:13098 latest for
Automotive vehicles:
Tubes for Pneumatic
tyre

IS:13098 latest for
Automotive vehicles:
Tubes for Pneumatic
tyre

ISI MARKED (for
Tyres)

Yes Yes

CM/L No and validity - *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/66gM2ipQH78c7Yx2QuGrDIeHG5c3Bit6oMeFgyXEGMU


 

date)(for Tyres

ISI MARKED (for
Tubes)

Yes Yes

CM/L No and validity
date(for tubes)

- *

Type of tube Class-A *

Manufactures name
and Trade Name

- *

Tyre-size
Designations

7.00-16-14PR 7.00-16-14pr,
7.00-1614pr,
7.00x16-14pr,
7001614pr,
700x16-14pr

Tube-size Designations - *

Structure of Tyre Reinforced or Extra
Load

Diagonal or bias ply,
Bias-belted, Radial,
Reinforced or Extra
Load

Ply Rating - *

Speed Category - *

Load indicas - *

Side Well (mm) 145 *

Inner area of Tyers
(mm)

514 *

Section Width
(min)(mm)

207 *

Overall Width
(max)(mm)

223 *

Section Height (mm) 145 *

Nominal Aspect
Ratio(mm)

70 *

Outer diameter
(min)(mm)

803 Any applicable numeric
value

Nominal Rim
Diameter(mm)

406.4 Any applicable numeric
value

Maximum load
Rating(%)

110 Any applicable numeric
value

Conformity to AIS-044 Yes *

Availability of Type
Test Report covering
complete test
parameters as per
relevant BIS
spcification latest for
Tyre type, from any
ILAC/NABL

YES *

                               3 / 5



 

accredited/Central Gov.
LAB.

Test cetificate No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Name and address of
the Lab where test
Conducted

- *

Others Certificate ie
ROHS,WHO,GMP etc

- *

Warranty Time 1 1.0
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Birendra Kumar
Sinha

829103,CMPDI, CDS
Barkakana P.O. : Barkakana
NTS, Dist. : Ramgarh

30  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

6.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder

                               4 / 5



 

must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

