












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44348

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Animal Husbandry And Fisheries Department
Karnataka

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Karnataka Milk Federation Ltd

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Triple Quadrupole LCMS System for contaminant
analysis in Food and Dairy Products

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  151 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1200 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 9



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 604164

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 15

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Additional Director (Purchase)
Karnataka Co-operative Milk Producers’ Federation Limited Dr. M.H. Marigowda Road, Bangalore –
560 029
(Mahammed Saqb Suhael)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this

                               2 / 9



 

criterion.

Triple Quadrupole LCMS System For Contaminant Analysis In Food And
Dairy Products ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certificates Certifications for the
product

- *

Certificate No and date - *

Manufacturers quality
management standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Conformity to electrical
safety standards

IEC 60601-1 or ISO
80601-2-12 or BIS
equivalent

*

Liquid Chromatography UHPLC system UHPLC system
equipped with
temperature controlled
auto-sampler,
thermostat column
compartment and
degasser will be
provided

*

Pump Quaternary pump with
low pressure mixing
capable of switching
between the solvents

*

Degasser capacity in
terms of number of
lines

4 *

Flow rate in ml per
minute

0.001- 3 *

Operating Pressure
in psi

15000 More than 15000.0 Or
higher

Flow rate precision < 0.075% RSD *

Flow Accuracy ± 1% *

Auto-Sampler Vial Capacity of 1 point
5 ml vial

120 *

Injection Volume range 0.1 to 50 ul *

Injection Volume
Precision/
Reproducibility in RSD

< ± 0.3 % RSD *

                               3 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/0XGHiKkuAZExLOMjr42CMj-famYw4MikvW8Kexz6PIk


 

(relative standard
deviation)

Auto-sampler
Temperature

4 to 40 Deg C *

Column Compartment Operating Temperature
range

RT/ Ambient -10 to 85
Deg C

*

Inbuilt column
switching valve
provided with the
system

Yes *

Mass Spectrometer
Column required

Mass SPECTROMETER
Range in m/z

5 to 2000 or better *

Maximum Scan Speed
in amu/sec for
spectrometer

15000 *

Ionization source ESI *

Mass spectrometer
resolution

< 0.7 u FWHM *

Adjustable increments
of resolution

0.5 u *

Sensitivity ESI +ve: 1pg resperine
, S/N >5,00,000:1 and
ESI -ve: 1pg
Chloramphenicol, S/N
>5,00,000:1

*

Collision cell Tapered/curved
collision cell

*

MRM dwell time in ms 1 ms or less *

Dynamic range 6 orders or better *

Polarity Switching
time in ms

25 Less than 25.0 Or lower

Dessolvation
temperature in Deg C

500 *

Minimum Operating
modes

Q1 scan / SIM, Q3 scan
/ SIM MRM, Pre-cursor
Ion scan, Product Ion
scan, Neutral ion scan

*

Fludics system Fluidic system should
be controlled from
instrument software

*

Detector Electron multiplier tube *

Nitrogen Generator Nitrogen Generator
with built-in
compressor

*

Computer System Operating system Windows latest *

Monitor size in inches 22 *

                               4 / 9



 

RAM Capacity in GB 64 or more *

Hard Disk 2 TB or more *

Printer provided Laser printer *

Software to be
provided and software
updates to be free
during comprehensive
warranty period

Yes *

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Pre Installation
requirements

Pre-installation
requirements to be
informed to buyer
immediately after
placement or order

*

Demonstration and
Installation to be
provider by seller at
consignee end before
acceptance

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in in hard and
soft copy

Yes *

IQ/OQ Supplier shall perform
and provide the
required documents of
IQ/OQ during the
installation

*

Comprehensive
Warranty in years

3 3

Operation and
Application Training

Minimum One week
training at consignee
end after instalaltion on
all software features ,
and instrument trouble
shooting/maintenance
and operation and
application training on
method development,
tuning of new analyte,
reading of the mass
spectra

*

C18 and HILIC columns
offered in duplicates for
the intended
application

Yes *

MRM data base for
pesticides and
veterinary drugs

Yes *

Seller shall keep
inventory of spares and
consumables for the

Yes *

                               5 / 9



 

repair of equipment
during comprehensive
warranty period to
reduce down time and
if equipment imported
shall have same
already in stock in
country

Number of installations
of similar equipment
made in last 5 years in
Central/State
Government /PSU
/Autonomous body
(Certificate of
successful installtion
and working to be
submitted to buyer on
demand after
placement of order)

More than 3 *

Details of equipments
and procedures
required for local
calibration and routine
maintenance to be
supplied and advanced
maintenance task
documentation also to
be furnished

Yes *

List of important spares
and accessories, with
their part numbers
supplied with the
equipment to the buyer
at the time of supplying
the equipment

Yes *

No offering of
refurbished /assembled
/demo modules

Yes *

Method setup and
standardization

Vendor has to set all
the methods and
validate LC amenable
contaminants/residues 
(pesticides/antibiotics,
mycotoxins/melamine)
as per FSSAI for milk
and milk products.
Seller shall standarize
the methods at 1/4th
the MRL set by FSSAI
for each contaminant

*

The Principal
Manufacturer must
have direct

Yes *

                               6 / 9



 

Presence/approved
service center In India

Test reports and
certifications to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

Yes *

Assurance to supply all
the spares /
consumables requiored
for repair atleast 8-10
years after instalaltion

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mahammed Saqb
Suhael

560029,Karnataka
Cooperative Milk Producers’
Federation Limited, KMF
Complex, Dr. M.H.
Marigowda Road,
Bangalore-560029

1  60 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name Managing Director, KMF Account No. 
009010200018203 IFSC Code UTIB0000009 Bank Name Axis Branch address MG Road.

                               7 / 9



 

Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction
details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the
Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

12.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

13.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

14.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

15.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

                               8 / 9



 

16.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

