












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704755

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 00:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 00:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name 262001

Total Quantity 300

Item Category Cast Iron detachable joints for use with Asbestos
Cement Pressure Pipes

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Cast Iron Detachable Joints For Use With Asbestos Cement Pressure Pipes
( 300 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Cast Iron detachable
joints for use with
Asbestos Cement
Pressure Pipes

Cast Iron detachable
joints for use with
Asbestos Cement
Pressure Pipes

SPECIFICATION Conformity to
specification

IS 8794:latest IS 8794:latest

ISI Marked No No

CLASSIFICATION Classes of Asbestos
Cement Pressure
Pipe for which
suitable

15 15

Suitable Nut and Bolt
Provided with each
joint

Yes *

Suitable Rubber Ring
provided with each
joint

Yes *

DIEMENSION Nominal Diameter of
Asbestos Cement
pressure pipe for
which suitable(in
mm)

80 80

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
confirmity to
specification

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ZSPpiejj906Cj29Xw7epdZR5Uuk8cltIxz6l-_nQuQY


 

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Abid Ali 262001,near sugar mill,
station road, pilibhit

300  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings

approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

3.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 300
Quantity shall be supplied within 5 days of contract placement and thereafter 2 Quantity per
Week)

4.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

5.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

6.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

7.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance

                               3 / 5



 

sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

11.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

13.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

14.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 3.

15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

                               4 / 5



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

