












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713948
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Telangana

Department Name Health Medical & Family Welfare Department Telangana

Organisation Name Tsmsidc

Office Name Directorate Of Treasuries

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Ambulances - R

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  250 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5000 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 2858046

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 36

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant

                               1 / 7



 

category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director, TSMSIDC
Directorate Of Treasuries, Health Medical & Family Welfare Department Telangana, TSMSIDC,
(K. Chandra Shekar Reddy)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Ambulances - R ( 100 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Description Description Road Ambulance or
Ambulance is a specially
equipped and ergonomically
designed vehicle for
transportation / emergent
treatment of sick or injured
people and capable of
providing out of hospital
medical care during transit /
when stationary,
commensurate with its
designated level of care
when appropriately staffed

*

Generic Vehicle parameters Type of Ambulance Type B (as per clause 3.3.2
of AIS:125 Part-1)

Type B (as per clause 3.3.2
of AIS:125 Part-1)

Category of Vehicle M2 M2

Vehicle Engine Capacity 2596 *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/yG5x6dTADWWZ6kbwOHE8vhMMio8JNQDHOEKwHmDULhw


 

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS VI BS VI

Colour of the Vehicle White *

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test Agency
under Rule 115of CMVR
1989) (Kmpl)

13.31 13.31 - 50.0 Or higher

Top Speed 100 *

Acceleration(0-70KmPH) 31 31.0

Gradeability of Vehicle 11.3 *

Air Conditioning NA for withoutAC NA for withoutAC

Engine BHP 114 More than 114.0 Or higher

Rated RPM at Max Engine
BHP

2950 *

Engine Torque Max (N-m) 350 More than 350.0 Or higher

Rated RPM at Max Engine
Torque

2200 *

Type of Vehicle Body Monocoque Monocoque

No of Doors 3 *

Fuel Tank Capacity 70 *

Length of Vehicle Body 5615 *

Width of Vehicle Body 1900 *

Height of Vehicle Body 2550 *

Ground Clearance(road
Clearance from floor)

200 *

Wheel Base 3350 *

Kerb Weight 2755 2755.0

Gross Vehicle Weight 3965 3965.0

Type of Tyre and Tube BIS marked Pneumatic
Tyres and tubes for both
front and rear

*

Size Of Tyre - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

No of Speed/ Forward
Gears

5 5

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel drive Two Wheel drive

Drive Axle Rear *

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius 6500 Less than 6500.0 Or lower

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake *

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Vehicle Air Intake System TurboCharged *

Vehicle features Vehicle Brake ABS Fitted *

Ambulance Body Patient Compartment As per cl. 4.5 of AIS 125 Pt I *

                               3 / 7



 

Overall Length of Patient
Compartment

3300 *

Overall Width of Patient
Compartment

1680 *

Overall Height of Patient
Compartment

1830 *

Construction of Patient
Compartment

The ceiling, the material of
floor and side shall be non-
permeable and resistant to
disinfectant

*

Body Main Structure Shape
and Material

NA for Monocoque *

Size of Section - *

Exterior Panel of side body
and roof

NA for Monocoque *

Interior Panel of side body GI sheetof thickness 0.8 mm
min, FRP panelling, ABS
panelling with Anti bacterial
material

*

Interior Panel of roof Rexin *

Flooring Material Flooring Made Out fromm ISI
Marked 12 mm thick FR
grade plywood covered with
vinyle sheet

*

Openings (Doors, Windows,
Emergency Exits)

AS per cl. 4.4.5 of AIS 125 Pt
I

*

Number of Seats
(inciuding driver)

10 10

Number of strecher 1 1

Min Number of Patient and
Attendant Seats

2 *

Main Equipments Features of Main Strecher Main strecher with
separable undercarriage

*

PROVISION FOR MEDICAL
DEVICES

Mounting for portable
Oxygen cylinder of 2.2 L
water capacity,Hook for
infusion mounting,Storage
for keeping first aid and
nursing kit

*

Type of Patient Handling
Equipment

Main stretcher with
undercarriage,Oxygen
Cylinder Bracket,I.V. Bottle
Hanging Hook,First Aid Box
in side of rear saloon

*

Ambulance Features Medical cabinet in side of
rear saloon,Roof revolving
light,Siren,Fire Extinguisher
as per AIS 125 PT I

*

Electrical Requirement Additional Electric Load of
Medical Equipment’s
permissible (Watts) as per
AIS 125 (Part-1)

110 *

Number of battery(ies)
provided other than the
vehicle battery

NA *

Additional Battery Capacity NA *

                               4 / 7



 

Alternator Power NA for type B *

Min no of 12V connections
for medical devices in
patient's compartment

NA *

Min number of 220V AC
power supply connections
for medical devices in
patient compartment

NA *

Environment Testing Environment Testing
Compliance

Flammability Test as per IS
15061: 2002 (as applicable
),Interior fitting compliance
as per AIS-047
established,Air conditioning
and Heating Performance
Tests(Clause 4.5.4 as per
AIS125 Pt I)
Compliance,Acceleration
Test (Clause 4.2.1 per AIS
125 Pt I and IS:11851-2002)
Compliance,Water Proofing
Test (IS:11865-1995)
Compliance,Dust Ingress
Test (IS:11739-1997)
Compliance

*

Additional Features for
COVID 19 Ambulance

Partition Between Driver &
Patient Compartment

*

Warranty Time 36 36.0

Warranty Distance (or
warranty time,
whichever earlier)

300000 300000.0

Battery Warranty 12 12.0

No Of Free Service during
warranty

7 *

Certification Applicable GSR
287(E),Central Motor
Vehicles(4th
Amend)Rules,2015 and
Ambulance CODE (Latest)

Compliance to AIS 125(Part
I) : Constructional and
Functional Requirements for
Road Ambulances with all
amendments till date.

*

Certification Complete vehicle *

Vehicle Certification ARAI *

Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT/CIRT No

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 D Devdas 500095,The Managing Director,
TSMSIDC , 3rd Floor, DM & HS
Campus, Sulthan Bazaar,
Koti-500095

100  15

                               5 / 7



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be

provided in Buyer’s standard format only.
3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

6.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful installation and
commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per normal industry practice, following
accessories must be part of supply and cost should be included in bid price: Tools, Stretcher and all the
Accessories as per Ambulance Norms etc..

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

13.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): NA
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Concerned Authority from Director of
Public Health, Government of Telangana may be nominate

14.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

15.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
16.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
17.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

18.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): ARAI/ VRDE / ICAT / RTA /CMV etc..

19.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

                               6 / 7



 

20.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

21.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

22.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

23.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

