












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707493

  Dated: 12-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Central Railway Hq Stores Deptt.

Total Quantity 20

Item Category Revolving Chair

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 6



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Revolving Chair ( 20 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Pedestal Base Electro Coated with
ABS/Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5
Nos, of 50 mm Size

Electro Coated with
ABS/Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5
Nos, of 50 mm Size

Arm Material Proypylene Proypylene

seat material PU Foam covered with
Fabric

PU Foam covered with
Fabric

Density of PU foam
used in seat KG per Cu
Meter (+/- 3)

40 *

Density of PU foam
used in backrest in KG
per Cu Meter (+/- 3)

40 *

Material of Fabric
Back Cover /
Material for Backrest

100% polyester fabric 100% polyester fabric

Material of Fabric of
Seat Cover

100% polyester fabric 100% polyester fabric

GSM/Thickness of fabric
±5%(Gram/Square
meter)

220 gram *

GENERAL Chair Type push back push back

Tilt Tension Adjustment Yes *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/iIpcG19VBtlalO-rHLUPqNYWcP-IPo7FHMxV-CXg0TM


 

Height Adjustment ±
5(mm)

up to 100 mm up to 100 mm

Arm With With

Type of backrest
support

backrest symmetrical
lumber support

backrest symmetrical
lumber support

Arm Type Fixed Fixed

Colour of Fabric for
Seat and Backrest

black *

Ergonomic Seat
Design

Yes Yes

Back type push back push back

Backrest is made of
two pcs injection
moulded frame

Backrest is made of
one piece injection
moulded frame

*

backrest has
separate adjustable
headrest

No Yes, No

Seat type fixed fixed

Seat is curved Yes *

Locking mechanism Yes *

Type of locking tilt limitor *

Number of arm
movement

N.A N.A

Lumber support N.A N.A

DIMENSION Overall Chair Height
±15mm

890 890

Backrest Height
±15mm

500 500.0

Backrest Width
±10mm

440 440.0

Seat Height ±15 mm 450 450

Seat Width ±10 mm 440 440

Seat Depth ±10 mm 460 460.0

Thickness of MS
Plate Joining the
under structure with
Seat

1 *

Thickness of
Plywood used in
Seat ±1(mm)

12 mm 12 mm

Thickness of
Plywood used in
Backrest ± 1(mm)

12 mm 12 mm

Padestal Size 620 *

                               3 / 6



 

(Diameter in mm) +/-
10 mm

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Seat in mm
(+/- 2 mm)

50 mm 50 mm

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Backrest IN
MM (+/- 2 MM)

50 mm 50 mm

WARANTEE Warrantee period in
number of years

1-year 1-year

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer
on demand

YES YES

BIFMA Certification YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
9001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
14001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
18001:2007 certified

YES YES

Green guard
certification

NO NO

Aiota - NO
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pravindra Vasudeo
Wanjari

413001,DRM OFFICE
CENTRAL RAILWAY SOLAPUR

20  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

                               4 / 6



 

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 5 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

6.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

11.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

12. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

13.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

14.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

                               5 / 6



 

15. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
16.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

17.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

18.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

