












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704237
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Sashastra Seema Bal (ssb)

Office Name Fhq Ssb New Delhi

Total Quantity 3

Item Category Microwave Based Disinfection System (SAMEER Technology)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  47 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  94 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 474867

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

                               1 / 6



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DDO
Fhq Ssb New Delhi, Central Armed Police Forces, Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB), Ministry of Home Affairs
(Asstt.comdt/min)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Microwave Based Disinfection System (SAMEER Technology) ( 3 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance Parameters Technology Microwave technology
based disinfection of
hazardous biomedical waste
designed developed and
patented by SAMEER
Mumbai

Microwave technology
based disinfection of
hazardous biomedical waste
designed developed and
patented by SAMEER
Mumbai

Nominal capacity of
Disinfection system in
litres per cycle

10 10

Microwave out put power
in kw

1 1, 1.5

Microwave frequency in MHz 2450 *

Power consumption in
watts hour
(Approximate)

2300 2300

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Q4TT9c5hZWPjx6McWe5DV5E8WYSRG9gRL6j6TGEyuKQ


 

Duration of one disinfection
cycle in minutes

45-50 *

Microwave generator
provided

Magnetrons strategically
positioned and tuned to
specific frequency to ensure
total coverage and
disinfection

*

Material of Construction of
external body

MS powder coated external
body with SS microwave
applicator aith microwave
leak proof front cover

*

Inner microwave chamber
construction

Specially designed
rectangular chamber made
of SS 304 Grade stainless
steel

*

Monitoring On line temperature display
along with printing of
process cycle using printer
to record process
parameters .On line
monitoring of process status
and magnetron current

*

Report Generation inbuilt printer to record
process start time,end time
and temperature log of the
process along with weight of
the hospital waste
processed

*

Turn table Precisely balanced slow
speed turn table with
concealed drive mechanism
to ensure 360 degree uiform
microwave heating and with
weight sensor

*

Waste container Microwave proof moulded
container to hold the
medical waste

*

Exhaust System Specially desigend closed
loop water ejector system
for the microwave chamber
to avoid discharge of any
fumes/gases to the
atmosphere

*

Automatic moistening
System

internally installed
automatic water spray
mechanism to facilitate
moistening of the waste for
uniformity of microwave
absorption and heating

*

Control System High end programmable
logic control system to
ensure total automatic
disinfection cycle with
minimum human
intervention and single
button operation

*

Safety interlocks Insufficient hospital waste
,closure of applicator
door,high voltage safety
door,magnetron cooling
blower magnetron
temperature and current etc

*

                               3 / 6



 

Dimensions in mm x mm
x mm

1040 X 1050 X 630 1040 X 1050 X 630

Weight in kg 200 200

Remote monitoring of
machine status

No Yes, No

Print out of weight
processed by system

Yes Yes

Parameters for which
disinfection efficiency to be
tested

Disinfection efficacy 10⁵ to
10⁷ log , decontamination of
bacterial
suspension,Decontaminatio
n of mycobacterium tubercu
losis(MTB),Decontamination
of fungal
suspension,Decontaminatio
n of spores of bacillus
atrphaeus,inactivation of
cell lines,Destruction of
vaccines eginfluenza live
attunuated.,Destruction of
viruses eg HIN1 and HIVI
,Destruction of blood
vials,Destruction of
m,aggots,Decontamination
of operation thestre
monitoring swabs

*

Technology acquisition From Society of applied
mocrowave electronics
engineering and research
Mumbai

*

Operating voltage and
frequency

230 ± 10 VAC, 50 Hz *

Warranty in years 5 5

Certifications Certification Report Efficincy certification as per
CPCB Biomedical waste rule

*

Certification Lab Half kine institute, Parel
Mumbai

*

Certification No and Date - *

Manufacturing LICENCE(TOT
Agreement) issued by
SAMEER and its validity

- *

Details of certifications with
manufacturer(TOT holder)
such as ISO

- *

Copies of all certifications
and reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at time
of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               4 / 6



 

Officer

1 Parth Purwar 273007,O/O The DIG(Medical),
Composite Hospital, SSB FCIL
Complex Gorakhpur

1  45

2 Manoj Kumar Bora 784104,O/O The DIG Medical,
Composite Hospital Tezpur, At
Salonibari

1  45

3 RENU K THORE 854316,Office of the Deputy
Inspector General, Composite
Hospital SSB Bathnaha ,Koshi
Project Colony PO- Bathnaha

1  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

6.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the contract, does not contain
Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical damage, loss of
information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property Right (IPRs) are caused due to
activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 15
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3

                               5 / 6



 

year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

12.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in Bids less than 200
Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020):
Preference shall be given to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal
Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted
in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the
local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

13.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 50% of total value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

