












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708984

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya

Office Name East

Total Quantity 3

Item Category Anaesthesia Workstation

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  60 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 259200

ePBG Detail

                             1 / 14



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Director
Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya , Geeta Colony, Delhi-110031
(Director Cnbc)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Anaesthesia Workstation ( 3 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
standards

- *

                             2 / 14

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/DAIR9WfQbjhbOvowiyjsuXnJila3vHWzmiMwb1jPjSM


 

Certification date and
number

- *

Certification of
manufactures

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

ISO certification
number and date

- *

Confirmity to medical
electrical safety
standards

IEC60601-2-13 and BS
EN 6060-1-1

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose of
anesthesia
workstation

Anesthetic machine in
used to provide an
accurate and
continuous supply of
medical gases mixed
with an accurate
concentration of
anaesthetic vapour and
deliver this to the
patient at a safe 
pressure and flow.

Anesthetic machine in
used to provide an
accurate and
continuous supply of
medical gases mixed
with an accurate
concentration of
anaesthetic vapour and
deliver this to the
patient at a safe 
pressure and flow.

Components of
Anesthesia
workstation

Anesthesia machine ,
Inbuilt ventilator ,
vaporisor , Gas delivery
system , Multi para
monitor

Anesthesia machine ,
Inbuilt ventilator ,
vaporisor , Gas delivery
system , Multi para
monitor

Type of mounting for
the Anesthesia
workstation

Trolley Mounting Trolley Mounting

Material used for
Anesthesia
workstation

rust-proof ABS plastic
with metal
reinforcements

rust-proof ABS plastic
with metal
reinforcements

Mode of integrated
scavenging system
with pressure relief
valve

Passive Active, Passive

Minimum Battery
backup for
anesthesia
workstation

1 hour 1 hour

Minimum Battery
backup for
Ventilator

1 hour 1 hour

Minimum Battery
backup for monitor

1 hour 1 hour

Facility of manual
ventillation in case
of electricity and
battery failure

Yes Yes

Facility of gas and
agent delivery in

Yes Yes

                             3 / 14



 

case of electricity
and battery failure

All the components
likes anesthesia
machine, integrated
ventilator, vaporizer
from the same
manufacturer

Yes Yes

Patient monitor from
same manufacturer

Yes Yes

Workstation should
have minimum of two
drawers to keep
accessories, good
mobility, anti static
caster wheels with
locking facility &
conveniently placed
handles for easy
movement of the
machine

Yes *

All software updates
should be provided free
of cost during Warranty
period

Yes *

The anesthesia
machine can be used
safely up to 1000
gauss line while
being used with MRI

No No

Should have Air/N₂O
interlock

Yes Yes

Inspiratory time in sec 0.2 to 3 sec *

Expiratory time 0.5 to 6 sec *

Flow rate in lpm 0.2 to 6 lpm *

Pressure relief 05 to 75 cm H20 *

Warranty in years 5 5

Gas Delivery System Availability of Pin index
yokes for gases

Oxygen and Nitrous
oxide

*

Availability of Separate
Pin index yokes for
gases

Oxygen , Nitrous oxide
, Air

*

Availability of
cascading type flow
meters for O2, N2O and
air

Yes *

Mode of gas mixing Electronic Electronic

Availability of
rotameter control

Yes *

                             4 / 14



 

guards in anesthesia
workstation

Availability of pressure
gauges for cylinder and
pipelines in anesthesia
workstation

Yes *

Availability of audible
and visual oxygen
failure alarms

Yes *

Minimum emergency
oxygen flow in liter per
minute

35-70 *

Type of hypoxic
guard with
automatic cutoff of
N2O

Electronic Electronic

Vaporizer Number of quick mount
type vaporizer for easy
interchangeability at a
time

2 *

Number of selectable
back bar

2 *

Facility of interlock for
vaporizer

Yes *

Volume percentage of
delivery range

0 to 10 *

Minimum agent
capacity for free
volatile anesthetic
agent in ml

225 *

Sensor connection shall
be internal to prevent
disconnection

Yes *

Vaporizer
compatible to gases

Sevoflurane,Isoflurane,
Desflurane,Halothane

Sevoflurane, Isoflurane,
Desflurane, Halothane

The vaporizer design
should be maintenance
free

Yes *

Vaporizer calibration
requirement

After every 5 years *

Breathing System Breathing system
should have fresh gas
de-coupled /
compensation , closed
circle absorber system

Yes *

Range of pressure
relief valve in mbar of
breathing system

5 to 75 *

Number of steps in single step *

                             5 / 14



 

change over from
spontaneous to bag
ventilation

Number of reusable
autoclavable closed
silicone circuit supplied

2 for adult and 2 for
pediatric

*

Number of bains
circuit (adult)
supplied with
workstation

10 10

Number of Jackson
Rees circuit for
pediatric patients
supplied with
workstation

10 10

Volume capacity of
breathing system in
liters

1.5 1.5

Breathing system
should have leak and
compliance test

Yes *

Anesthesia Ventilator Available modes of
operating ventilator

Manual/spont, volume
controlled , pressure
controlled , SIMV/PS

Manual/spont, volume
controlled , pressure
controlled , SIMV/PS

Ventilator should be
capable to pressure
support

Yes Yes

Integrated ventilator
shall not require
bellows to be change
for adults and infants

Yes *

Tidal volume of
ventilator in ml

20 to 1400 ml *

PEEP of ventilator in
mbar

0 to 20 mbar *

Breathing frequency in
BPM

4 to 60 BPM *

Inspiratory pause
percentage of Ti

0-50% *

Screen size of
Ventilator monitor in
inches

12 12

Integrated ventilator
shall be able to provide
facility to monitor
ETCO2 , Automatic
identification of agents

Yes *

Ventilator should be
able to ventilate with

No *

                             6 / 14



 

atmospheric air if total
gas supply failure

Monitor Type of monitor LCD LCD

Size of monitor in
inches

17 *

Monitor should not
require lengthy start up
procedure or
calibration for display
of parameters

Yes *

The graphical and
numerical trend with
split screen duration

24 hours *

Patient multipara
monitor shall be able
to display
parameters

HR,SpO2,NIBP,ECG,Te
mp, Agent
identification
(MAC),NIMT/BIS,Entrop
y

HR,SpO2,NIBP,ECG,Te
mp, Agent
identification
(MAC),NIMT/BIS,Entrop
y

NMT to be displayed Yes Yes

Dual temperature to
be displayed

Yes Yes

BIS/ENTROPY to be
displayed

Yes Yes

Capnography to be
displayed

Yes Yes

EtCO2 to be
displayed

Yes Yes

IBP1 and IBP2 to be
displayed

Yes Yes

CO(cardiac output)
to be displayed

Yes Yes

ECG monitoring with
standard lead
configuration, I,II,III,
avL, avF&V filters so
that it is protected
against defibrillator,
electro surgery
potentials, arrhythmia
analysis and ST
segment analysis with
trends

Yes *

NIBP should be
determine with
oscillometric method,
should read systolic,
diastolic and mean
arterial pressure and
pulse rate

Yes *

                             7 / 14



 

Pulse oximetery with
sensors suitable for
adults, pediatric&
neonate

Yes *

ETCO2 measurement
should be by infra –red
absorption technique,
measuring mode
should be side stream
or main stream and
response time should
be less than 3 seconds

Yes *

Monitor should be able
to monitor and display
all parameters in single
screen

Yes *

Make of monitor if
monitor provided is not
from the same OEM
and if from same OEM
put NA

- *

System to be
supplied with
oxygen monitor

Yes Yes

Alarms Number of alarms 10 *

Alarms shall be
adjustable to high / low
limits with audio and
visual alarms

Yes *

Power supply Length of main cable in
meter with power
socket of standard
indian make to be
provided

5 *

Power supply 220-240V AC, 50 Hz
single phase

*

Additional Accessories Transparent re-usable
silicon face mask size
0,1, 2, 3, 4 & 5

2 each *

Breathing bag 2 Litre &
500 ml

2 each *

3/5 ECG lead 2 *

Nasopharyngeal/rectal
and
skinTemperatureprobes
should be Provided

2 *

Re usable adult cuffs,
reusable Paediatric cuff
and sets of Disposables
cuff for neonatal

2 *

                             8 / 14



 

ETCO2 line and
adapters

15 each *

Mox regulator with 3
meter high Pressure
tubing

1 *

Provision for
laryngscopes

Not Provided Not Provided

Reusable patient
circuits

2 2

Reusable masks 2 2

SPO₂ sensor
provided

2 2

NIBP cuff 1 1

Skin and
nasopharyngeal
temperature probe

1 1

ETCO2 sample lines Not provided Not provided

Reusable IBP
interface cables

1 1

Disposable IBP
transducers

10 10

BIS sensors 10 10

Accessories for wall
mounting

NA (If trolley mounting) NA (If trolley mounting)

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nidhi Mahajan 110031,Raja Ram Kohli
Marg Geeta colony

3  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Provisions for workmen compensation, insurance, public liability, property damage,
insurance etc. to be ensured by the contractor. Also, safety measures prescribed for working
in Extra High Voltage & use of personnel protective equipment must be adhered to.

2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,

                             9 / 14



 

successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.

                            10 / 14



 

10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Director
CNBC payable at New Delhi.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Director CNBC A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For
release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making
endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

7.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Director CNBC payable
at New Delhi.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

8.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya Account No. 33495870431 IFSC Code 
SBIN0013763 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address Geeta Colony Delhi 110031.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

9.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

10.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

11.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,

                            11 / 14



 

designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.
12.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and

has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

13.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

14.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

15.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

16.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

17.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

18. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

19.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

20.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

21.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 
Warranty will be inclusive of all spares & reusable accessories and also cover all motor,
sensors, coils, electrical circuits, power cords, wires, hose, fuse, filters, water trap set,
probes, Printers with all parts excluding cartridge, power backup/UPS including the
replacement of batteries. Quarterly preventive maintenance service along with annual
calibrations and will repair/replace the defective spare parts/accessories and software
updates without any additional cost (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming
compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking

                            12 / 14



 

onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)
22.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing

Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

23.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Director CNBC payable at New Delhi. After award of contract, Successful Bidder
can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy
to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

24.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Director CNBC A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For
release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after
making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering
letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in place of PBG
and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award
of contract.

25.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya Account No. 
33495870431 IFSC Code SBIN0013763 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address 
Geeta Colony Delhi. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity
in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned
copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of
contract.

26.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

27.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

28.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

29.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

30.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per

                            13 / 14



 

normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: With each machine: Reusbale silicon patient hose (Adult & Paed)-1
each,Water trap -20 pcs,Disp circuit (10 adult & 50 Paed),Power cord 5 meter, sample line
-35 nos,vapourizer one each for Iso,Halo & sevo, oxygen sensor cells, reusable SPO2
sensor-1each for adult, paed & 2 for neonate,NIBP cuff-2each for paed&neonate & 1 for
adult,IBP transducer -20, IBP cable -2 nos,Skin, nasal & rectal temp probe - 1 each.

31.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

32.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

33.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

34.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            14 / 14

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf
https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

