












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/685535

  Dated: 24-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 04-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-04 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 40 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Chittaranjan Locomotive Works (clw)

Office Name 713331

Total Quantity 100

Item Category distribution or control board enclosures ( Distribution
board for MCBs)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Distribution Or Control Board Enclosures ( Distribution Board For MCBs) (
100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Reference BIS
Specification:13032

yes *

Suitable to
accommodates
specified Number of
poles (number)

Single Pole MCBs as
outgoing and Double
pole MCB as incoming

Single Pole MCBs as
outgoing and Double
pole MCB as incoming

No. of Ways (in
Number)

8 8

Metalic cover Type MCBs are accessible
only after opening of
top cover (Double door)

MCBs are accessible
only after opening of
top cover (Double door)

Enclosure category
(Degree of
Protection)

IP-43 IP-43

CONSTRUCTIONAL MCB distribution board
for indoor installation

yes *

Copper Bus bar Rating
(ampere)

100 Amp. *

Minimum Sheet
Thickness properly
pretreated and stove
enameled/Powder
Coated (mm)

1.6 mm *

Steel Mounting Rail Top
Hat as per IS:11039/83
(35mmX7.5mm)

Yes *

Earth bar Yes *

Neutral bar Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of the Type
Test Report from

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/r-FoWNcRfvA9KNxNgWUvlfr78y-k8KZX1IXmKef5xYM


 

Central Govt.
/NABL/ILAC Accredited
lab to prove conformity
to the specification.

Type Test Certificate
No.

- *

Type Test Certificate
date

- *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ajoy Kumar Hira 713331,GM Building, CMM
Office, Chittaranjan

100  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

3. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.

                               3 / 4



 

Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

7.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

