












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713276
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Education Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Technological University Ahmedabad

Office Name Ahmedabad

Total Quantity 2

Item Category manual single channel air displacement pipetters or
micropipette

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  90000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 3



 

meet this criterion.

Manual Single Channel Air Displacement Pipetters Or Micropipette ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Features and Sizes Type of Micropipette Variable Volume Single
Channel

Variable Volume Single
Channel

Material of Piston - *

Micropipette with spring
loaded tip cone

No No, Yes

Autoclavable Yes Yes

Capacity of Fixed Volume
Single Channel
Micropipette

100ul, 100 ul, NA

Locking Mechanism Yes Yes, No

Digital Volume Indicator With With

Other Details
Conforming to
Specification

ISO 8655 iso-8655, iso8655

Volume Range of
Variable Volume Single
Channel pipette

NA NA

Volume increment (in Ul) 0.002 *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 GTU REGISTRAR
PURCHASE

382424,GUJARAT
TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY GIC-
AIC SECTION, IIT SHED, GTU
CAMPUS, CHANDKHEDA
AHMEDABAD - 382424

2  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
3.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/r2LdW_G69yvxwomYHdZlslmYdEkeuXLt2xGS9EhQ_r4


 

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

