












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705841

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 15-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 15-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 15 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd

Organisation Name Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd

Office Name Maharashtra

Total Quantity 12

Item Category UVC Disinfection System

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 DRDO

Estimated Bid Value  1984170

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12
(a). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Executive Admin CO
Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd,Bharat Bavan I, Ballard Estate, Opp. Grand Hotel, Mumbai 400001
(Melisa Mendonca)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

UVC Disinfection System ( 12 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Description UVC Disinfection
System

*

Purpose It is used to disinfect
the Surface , Room,
highly touchable
objects and
surrounding air of
transmissible agents,
fungi, bacteria, viruses,
dust mites and spores.

*

Utility Hospitals, Hotels,
Banks, Airports, Office
Working Areas,Labs,
Railway Stations, Metro
Stations,
Institutions,factories
premises, etc.

*

TECHNICAL
SPECIFICATION

UV Light Source UVC Lamp *

Number of UV Tubes
(Nos)

6 *

Total UV Output (Watt) 250 *

Average Life (Hour) 8000 8000 Or higher

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/BaSPtUtWsFFC7kxMbAZw3CKZ-PQbS7rfK5jHwmpd7oQ


 

UV Wave Length
(Nanometer)

254 +/-2nm *

Power Consumption
(Watt)

800 *

Illumination (degree) 360 *

Human UV Safety
Sensor (degree)

360 *

Human Safety Sensor
Range (meter)

15 *

Disinfection coverage
Area and Minimum
Time required to
disinfect it (Sq
ft/Minute)

- *

Maximum effective
radial distance the UV
light delivered can
disinfect (ft)

- *

External Grill for
additional protection

Yes *

System Portability on
wheels with hand rail
for manual movement

Yes *

Electric Requirement 220 to 230 VAC, 50Hz *

CONSTRUCTION Dimension (L*W*H)
(mm)

- *

Weight (Kgs) - *

OPERATION
REQUIREMENTS

Operation System Android / Windows *

Remote Operation
Range (meter)

100 *

SAFETY FEATURES Safety Features 360˚ Sensors for
human safety,Audio &
Visual Safety
Alarm,Wireless
Operating,On human
intrusion automatically
shut down within
seconds for
safety,Inbuilt memory
to store log information
and report generation

360˚ Sensors for
human safety, Audio &
Visual Safety Alarm,
Wireless Operating, On
human intrusion
automatically shut
down within seconds
for safety, Inbuilt
memory to store log
information and report
generation

PACKING The product with all its
removable accessories
suitably packed in such
a way that there will be
no transit damage
during transportation
till destination

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

CERTIFICATIONS Manufacturer facility
certification

ISO:9001:2015 *

Product certification Approved by DRDO Approved by DRDO
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Melisa Mendonca 400001,BHARAT BHAVAN II,
4&6 BALLARD ESTATE 4TH
FLOOR , HRS WEST DEPT

12  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

6.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): DRDO
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: BPCL

7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): DRDO Test Certificate.

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance

                               4 / 5



 

of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

13.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

14.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. payable at Mumbai. After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

