












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706222

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Urban Development

Department Name Cpwd

Organisation Name Cpwd

Office Name Karnal Circle

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Wooden Almirah

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  49704.24

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Wooden Almirah ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Material of
Construction

ISI Marked, single layer
MDF Board conforming
to Grade SBG II of IS
12406/2003 laminated
with 0.6-0.8 mm thick
lamination conforming
to IS 2046/1995 and
balancing lamination of
0.5 mm thick on the
back side

ISI Marked, single layer
MDF Board conforming
to Grade SBG II of IS
12406/2003 laminated
with 0.6-0.8 mm thick
lamination conforming
to IS 2046/1995 and
balancing lamination of
0.5 mm thick on the
back side

Number of Shelves
(Nos)

2 2

Number of Doors
(Nos)

4 4

Height in mm (±10
mm)

1200 1200

Depth in mm (±5
mm)

430 430

Width in mm (±10
mm)

1500 1500

DIMENSIONS Thickness of Top in
mm (±2 mm)

25 25

Thickness of Sides in
mm (±1 mm)

18 18

Thickness of Back in
mm (±1 mm)

8 8

Thickness of Bottom
in mm (±1 mm)

18 18

Thickness of shelf in
mm (±1 mm)

18 18

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1aeLUV2Py_Y1B9DFCkmeTXTkAX7v_TrFmA2vMwtaR9s


 

Thickness of Door in
mm (± 1 mm)

18 18

Height of Doors 1200 *

MISC Type of Doors Hinged doors of equal
width hung with auto
closing hinges of 0
cranking overlay type

Hinged doors of equal
width hung with auto
closing hinges of 0
cranking overlay type

Colour of Laminate Cream *

Number of
Multipurpose
square/round lock on
the doors

1 *

Handle with each door YES *

Number of Tower Bolts
Provided

2 *

Tower Bolt Material /
Size

Aluminium / 10 mm *

All plain sides of the
top edge banded with 2
mm thick PVC tape
with the help of hot
melt glue

YES *

All plain sides of the
shelf, bootom ,sides,
door edge banded with
0 8 to 1 mm thick PVC
tape with the help of
hot melt glue

YES *

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years

1 1

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pardeep Attri 132001,NDRI CAMPUS,
NEAR STATE BANK OF INDIA

2  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

                               3 / 5



 

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

9. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
10.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): YES.

13.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope YES
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

14.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

15.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of

                               4 / 5



 

the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

