












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710709

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 15 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Housing And Urban Development Department Jammu
And Kashmir

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Watergam

Total Quantity 500

Item Category waste containers or rigid liners- Dust bin or Garbage
Bin or Household Bin

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  40 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 40% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Waste Containers Or Rigid Liners- Dust Bin Or Garbage Bin Or Household
Bin ( 500 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Utility Domestic Domestic

ISI Marked yes yes

CM/L No (If ISI Marked
Yes) (If No write NA)

- *

Class confirming to
IS:12402 (For Public
Dustbins)

NA *

Material HDPE HDPE

CAPACITY Bin Capacity
(Volume) (Ltrs)

30 Litres 30 Litres

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/j1ggBX2I36kPg-CLYpcJMlSP_EJ6-wY8Q2cO7tIFUqc


 

DIMENSIONS Wheel Dimension in
(mm) (Diameter x
Thickness ) (mm x mm)

- *

Weight of Dustbin
(Complete unit)
(Grams)

- *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Colour other than green / blue *

Wheel Lock Without *

Load carrying Capacity
(Kgs)

- *

Wall Non- Perforated Non- Perforated

Lid Swing type Swing type

Handle With *

Wheel Without With, Without

Wheel Material - *

Towage Provision no yes, no

Gripping Provision NA *

Plugged outlet for
washing & draining

Without *

UV Resistant yes *

Dust Bin stand without *

No. of
Compartments in the
Bin

single single

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Government/NABL/IL
AC acredited Lab to
prove conformity to the
specifications

yes *

Test report number - *

Test report date - *

Name and address of
lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               3 / 7



 

ng Officer

1 Gulam Qadir Gojiri 193303,EXECUTIVE OFFICER
MC WATERGAM NEAR ARMY
CAMP

500  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 500
Quantity shall be supplied within 3 days of contract placement and thereafter 500 Quantity
per Fortnight)

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.PESCO Certificate: PESCO Certificate shall be mandatory for procurement of bid items.
7.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of

Servers/Desktop Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier
against warranty replacement.

8.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 1 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

9.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

11.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than

                               4 / 7



 

3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

14.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

15.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

16.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

17.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

18.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): The bider has to provide the unbreakable item after proper
check 
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: The supply shall be
accepted after the item is found unbreakable

19.SLBR52
20.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before

dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

                               5 / 7



 

21.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

22. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
23.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
24.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

25.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): tne bidder has to produce the
test report certifucates.

26.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 2 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 3 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 2% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

27.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope The
bidder has to supply Unbreakable item with full waranty of atleast 1 year (Upload an
undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this
compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be
uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

28.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 5
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

29.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               6 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

http://www.tcpdf.org

