












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710394

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of Principal Chief Materials Manager, South
Western Railway, Hubli

Total Quantity 6

Item Category Almirah Steel

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Almirah Steel ( 6 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Conformity to Indian
Standard IS:3312
latest

Yes Yes

No of shelves (Nos) 4 4

Type of Shelves Fixed Fixed

Locker Provided No Yes, No

Locking System with
the locker

NO NO

Cloth hanging provision
in the Almirah

No *

Number of Doors
(Nos)

2 2

Door Stiffner upto
full door height
Provided with the
almirah doors

Yes Yes

Number of Hinges
with each door (Nos)
- No hinges if having
sliding door with top
hanging
arrangement

4 4

Number of Glass
Sheet fixed in each
Almirah door (Nos)

N.A N.A

Construction Welded Welded

Lock Three Way bolting
device controlled by
lock

Three Way bolting
device controlled by
lock

MATERIAL Material M.S sheet conforming M.S sheet conforming

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jN4lVDKAAJFJ0eZQSSGSmDVcpHcn55uSRK89HJrxZhs


 

to commercial quality
CR- 1,Grade 340 of IS
513:2008 (reaffirmed
2013)(Fifth
Revision)Amdt. no.1

to commercial quality
CR- 1,Grade 340 of IS
513:2008 (reaffirmed
2013)(Fifth
Revision)Amdt. no.1

Material of Almirah
Doors

perforated MS sheet perforated MS sheet

Sheet Thickness of
Locker

0.8 mm 0.8 mm

Length of Glass
Sheet ±10 (mm)

N.A N.A

Width of Glass Sheet
±10 (mm)

N.A N.A

Sheet Thickness of
door in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Sheet Thickness of
sides,back , Top and
Bottom

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Sheet Thickness of
Shelves

0.8 mm 0.8 mm

Sheet Thickness of
Pedestal in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Material of Lock Brass and steel finish Brass and steel finish

Material of Keys brass and steel finish brass and steel finish

DIMENSION Height (Without
Pedestal) (in mm)
(+/- 10 mm)

2000 2000

Width in mm (± 7
mm)

910 910.0

Depth in mm (±5
mm)

455 455.0

Inside Height of
Locker in mm (± 5
mm)

N.A N.A

Inside Width of
Locker in mm (±5
mm)

N.A N.A

Inside Depth of
Locker in mm (±5
mm)

N.A N.A

Width of Stiffner in
mm (±5 mm)

125 mm 125 mm

Thickness of MS
Sheet of Stiffner (in
mm)

0.8 mm 0.8 mm

Stiffened Pedestal
height in mm (±2

130 130

                               3 / 5



 

mm)

Pedestal Width in
mm (±2 mm)

70 70

COLOUR & FINISH Finish powder coated powder coated

Colour of Paint AS PER BUYER CHOICE *

Packing: Gutta Packing *

CERTIFICATION ISI marked No *

CM/L No. - *

WARRANTY WARANTEE PERIOD
IN NUMBER OF
YEARS

2 2

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajkumar N 580020,O/o Sr.Divisional
Manager South Western
Railway Divisional Office
Hubli Division

6  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder

                               4 / 5



 

must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant
policy.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

