












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713913
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Northern Coalfields Limited

Office Name Singrauli

Total Quantity 400

Item Category Welding Rod for Manual Metal Arc Welding of Carbon and
Carbon Manganese Steel

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 4



 

meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Welding Rod For Manual Metal Arc Welding Of Carbon And Carbon Manganese Steel (
400 packet )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to Indian
Standard

IS 814:2004 With Latest
Amdmnt.

IS 814:2004 With Latest
Amdmnt.

Performance Parameters Classification of Welding
Electrodes

E7018 E7018

Chemical Composition of
welding rod must be as per
as IS 814 latest

Yes *

Welding Current AC AC

Range of welding
Voltage DC/AC in volt

50-75 50-75

Yield Strength of welding
rod in N/mm2

470 *

Ultimte Tensile Strength of
welding rod in N/mm2

540 *

The electrode can be
subjected to low OCV, offer
smooth rippled bead
appearance coupled with
low spatter and fumes

Yes *

Number of welding rods per
packet

50 *

Dimensional and material
parameters

Welding rod size in mm 4 4

Bare Length of welding
rod in mm

450 450

Material of welding rod Iron(III) Oxide Iron(III) Oxide

Reports Availability of test report
from central govt/
NABL/ILAC accredited lab
covering all parameters

No No

Test report number , incase
not available put NA

- *

Test report date , incase not
available put NA

- *

Name of test lab - *

Address of test lab , incase
not available put NA

- *

Copies of all incase not available put NA incase not available put NA

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/n4WGO7J8vwBoSoaNwCanjxCTePv1NqdIMPab1NpZ-O4


 

certifications and reports
to be provided to buyer
on demand at time of
supplies

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gyaneshwar Nath 486884,DEPOT OFFICE, REGIONAL
STORES, NIGAHI PROJECT, NCL,
PO - NIGAHI, DISTT - SINGRAULI
M.P.

400  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               3 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

http://www.tcpdf.org

