












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708807

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Nagar Palika Parishad Samthar

Total Quantity 100

Item Category solar street lighting and renewable energy street
lighting

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  100 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594643288.pdf

                               1 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1784756/1594643288.pdf


 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 85000

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
CLERK
nagar palika parishad samthar, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities -
eServices to citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Shriram Sharma)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of

                               2 / 7



 

bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Solar Street Lighting And Renewable Energy Street Lighting ( 100 pieces
)

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Confirm to specification As per MNRE
specification for Solar
Photovoltaic Lighting
Systems &amp; Power
Packs - White LED (W-
LED) Based Solar Street
Lighting Systems

*

Model as per MNRE
Specification

Model I Model I

Battery Model III : With Lithium
Ferro phosphate
battery. Operates from
dusk to dawn at full
brightness

Model III : With Lithium
Ferro phosphate
battery. Operates from
dusk to dawn at full
brightness

Colour temperature of
White - LED (deg K)

5500 deg K to 6500
deg K

*

PV module (Wp)
under STC (Wp)

Model I: 40 Model I: 40

Battery capacity (
12V-AH @ C/10) to
be selected as per
model in line with
MNRE specification
for guidelines

20 AH 20 AH

Scope of supply with errection and
commissioning at
consignee end

with errection and
commissioning at
consignee end

CONSTRUCTIONAL Autonomy For Model I: 3 days or
minimum 42operating
hours per permissible
discharge

*

Type of Light source White light emitting
diode (W-LED)

*

Light output (Lux) Must
declare as per MNRE
specification

- *

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/wTLBrWjOvaQL1E_lniJd98R7bum9vGeuaxqxLjNBj1Q


 

Duty cycle Dusk to dawn as per
MNRE

*

PV module chemistry Crystalline silicon solar
cells

*

PV module efficiency
(%)

> / = 12 *

No load current
consumption (mA) Must
declare (not more than
20 mA)

</=20 mA *

Necessary cables and
connectors as part of
supply of lighting
system

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Battery Type, make
and model

- *

PV module certification For humidity, freeze
and damp heat tests
certificate conforming
to IEC 61215 Edition II /
BIS 14286 from an
NABL or IECQ
accredited laboratory

*

Warranty for street
lighting system
including battery
(Years)

>/=5 *

Warranty for Pv module
(Years)

> / = 25 *

Availability of test
reports from Central
Government or NABL or
ILAC accredited Lab
covering all the
parameters as per
MNRE specification

Yes *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report date - *

Name of Test lab - *

Address of the Test lab - *

Make Model Number
Country of origin and
technical
charecteristics
(including IESNA LM -80
report) of W -LED

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               4 / 7



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shriram Sharma 284304,nagar palika
samthar

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 100
Quantity shall be supplied within 100 days of contract placement and thereafter 7 Quantity
per Week)

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within

                               5 / 7



 

the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

9.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

12.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

13.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

14.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): 100
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 100

15. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
16.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
17.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

18.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): all certificate/test report
demanded in bid..

19.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty

                               6 / 7



 

with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

20.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Executive Officer Nagar Palika Parishad Samthar A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank
should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

