












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710248

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Energy And Petro Chemicals Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat State Petronet Limited (gspl) Gandhinagar

Office Name Sector26 Gandhinagar

Total Quantity 79

Item Category safety boots or industrial gum boots-PVC

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Safety Boots Or Industrial Gum Boots-PVC ( 79 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Governing Specification Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 12254
(Latest)

*

Certificate ISI Marked Yes Yes

CML No. (If ISI Marked) - *

Material Material PVC *

Relative density of the
material (Max)

1.25 *

Knitted Fabric lining With With

Steel Toe Cap
Confirming to Type 2
of IS 5852:1992)

With With

SIZE Boot Size Assorted Sizes (5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10 and 11 ) as per
buyers requirements

Assorted Sizes (5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 ) as
per buyers
requirements, Assorted
Sizes (5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
and 11 ) as per buyers
requirements

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Compliance to cold
flex requirement as
per clause 5.13 of IS

Yes Yes, No

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/07asFiwavlGTcvYOgEkfAY9GDqU_7vZs6uNgW2PE6JA


 

12254 Latest

STYLE AND END USER End User Men Men

Boot Style Half Knee Half Knee

Leg Height of Boot
(mm)

13.5 *

No. of Eyelets at each
face ( in case of Ankle
Boot)

- *

Colour Colour Black *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes, No

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 C.R Praseed 382028,GSPL Bhavan,E-18,
GIDC Electronics Estate,
Near K-7 Circle, Sector-26,
Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India

79  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               3 / 5



 

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised

Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being
and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his
premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .

                               4 / 5



 

The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

