












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697970

  Dated: 04-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 09:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 09:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development And Environment Department

Organisation Name Urban Administration And Devlopment

Office Name Municipal Council Nainpur Jabalpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Self Propelled Tree Maintenance Platform

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 19900

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
cleark 3
MUNICIPAL COUNCIL NAINPUR JABALPUR, Urban Development and Environment Department, Urban
Administration and Devlopment,
(Dheerendra Kumar Poosham)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Self Propelled Tree Maintenance Platform ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/4hEg4ws4115wrdstvsFddIEtPD_7Xg_haIdLMotbqjI


 

(Allowed Values)

Certification Equipment Certification
compliance to CMVR
such as
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT

Yes *

Equipment
Certificationcompliance
to CMVR such as
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Specifications Type of Equipment Self Propelled *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince as per
CMVR

BS-VI BS-VI

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Kmpl)

10 *

Speed, Max (Kmph) 80 *

Max Engine Power
BHP

3300 More than 3300.0 Or
higher

Rated RPM for Max
Engine Power

3300 *

Engine Torque Max
(N-m)

16002400 More than 16002400.0
Or higher

Rated RPM for Max
Engine Torque

1600 *

No load max engine
speed (RPM)

3300 *

Crankshaft torque at
max power (N-m)

200 *

Max crankshaft torque
(N-m)

250 *

Engine speed at max
crankshaft torque
(RPM)

2000 *

Engine Aspiration - *

No of Cylinder in
Engine

3 *

Fuel Tank Capacity 40 *

Length of Chassis 4485 More than 4485.0 Or
higher

Width of Chassis 1620 More than 1620.0 Or
higher

                               3 / 8



 

Height of Chassis 1835 *

Gradeability of Chassis 32.27 *

Ground Clearance 1835 More than 1835.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base 2350 More than 2350.0 Or
higher

Kerb Weight of
complete vehicle

2590 More than 2590.0 Or
higher

Gross Vehicle
Weight

2590 More than 2590.0 Or
higher

No of Axle 2 *

Type of Tyres Solid Tyres *

Size of Wheel - *

Chassis Transmission
System

RC *

No of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 5

Type of Steering Hydraulic double Lever
Type control

*

Location of Steering Operator Bucket Panel *

Turning Radius 6250 More than 6250.0 Or
higher

Parking Brake Yes *

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Standard Sparewheel
and Tool Kit

Yes *

Engine Cooling System Engine Cooling System *

Rating of Generator for
Electrical Systems
(Min)

14 V,45 A *

Battery Capacity (Min) 12 V,70 AH *

Number of lights 4 *

Material used for
manufacturing of
Equipment

MS conforming to IS
2062 Grade A

*

Mode of Power
Transmission

Gear Drive Gear Drive

Length of Operator
Platform

450 More than 450.0 Or
higher

Width of Operator
Platform

450 More than 450.0 Or
higher

Height of Operator
Platform

900 More than 900.0 Or
higher

                               4 / 8



 

Material used in
Operator Platform

MS conforming to IS
2062 Grade A

*

Length of Beam 9 More than 9.0 Or
higher

Max lifting height of
bucket base

9 More than 9.0 Or
higher

Min height of bucket
base from ground
level

450 Less than 450.0 Or
lower

Noise Level (dB) 60 Less than 60.0 Or lower

Lifting Time 2 Less than 2.0 Or lower

Lowering Time 1 Less than 1.0 Or lower

Fuel Consumption
(L/hr)

2 Less than 2.0 Or lower

Accessories Cutter Gun provided No No

Cutter Gun chain
length

300 *

Number of blade on
chain

2 *

Cutter Gun Assembly
Length

450 *

Cutter Gun Assembly
Width

50 *

Trigger Length 100 *

Cutting Length 450 *

Controls Bucket lifting and
lowering lever provided

Yes *

Main starting switch
provided

Yes *

Head light pull and
push switch provided

Yes *

Forward and reverse
individual lever
provided

Yes *

Lifting and lowering
combo of hand and foot
operation provided

Yes *

Accelerator pedal
provided

Yes *

Hydraulic on/off valve
provided

Yes *

Safety distributor lever
provided

Yes *

Marking as per IS
10273/1987 latest

Yes *

                               5 / 8



 

Head light as per AIS
034

Yes *

Head Light Assembly
as per AIS 062

Yes *

Safety Devices and
Features

Buzzer Yes *

Blinking indication in
panel board to indicate
working condition

Yes *

Heater plug timer Yes *

Spring loaded operator
bucket door lock

Yes *

Additional distribution
assembly provided in
main chassis

Yes *

Lowered foot rest pedal Yes *

Anti slip foot rest pedal Yes *

Direction of operation
of direction control
lever should br looked
into

Yes *

Mechanical lock to be
provided for safety
against sudden
dropping/failure of
hydraulic system

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Time 2 More than 2.0 Or
higher

Operating Hours
during warranty

100 100.0

Battery Warranty 3 More than 3.0 Or
higher

No Of Free Service 2 *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dheerendra
Kumar Poosham

482001,J D A BUILDING
NAGAPUR ROAD MADAN
MAHAL JABALPUR

1  30

                               6 / 8



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 50 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total value as defined/ decided in
relevant policy.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence

                               7 / 8



 

in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

11.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

12.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

13.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

14.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

