












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/670348

  Dated: 12-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 29-06-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-06-29 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Indian Oil Corporation Limited

Organisation Name Iocl- Panipat Refinery

Office Name Iocl- Panipat Refinery

Total Quantity 150

Item Category RESPIRATORY FILTER- FULL FACE MASKS

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Estimated Bid Value  1321432.5

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

                               1 / 4



 

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

RESPIRATORY FILTER- FULL FACE MASKS ( 150 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

STANDARDS Conformity to Indian
standard

Yes *

ISI Marked Yes Yes

CM/L No if ISI Marked - *

GENERAL Cleanable Yes Yes

Disinfectable Yes Yes

CONSTRUCTION CONSTRUCTION Single integral unit Single integral unit,
Replaceable
components,
Conforming to IS 14166
: 1994

Inner mask Intergral with face Intergral with face

Adjustable head
harness

Integral with face mask Integral with face mask

Eye piece and visors Single visor integral Single visor integral

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/lEQVllXmVdpYOrvSWFSFdzm2DAOgcVC-vLeo4CDdqc0


 

with face mask with face mask

Connectors Integral with face mask Integral with face
mask, Replaceable

Type of connectors Standard thead
connection

Standard thead
connection, Centre
thread connection,
Conforming to IS 14166
: 1994

Inhalation and
exhalation valves

Integral with face mask Integral with face mask

Check valves Integral with face mask Integral with face mask

Lens wiper Integral with face mask Integral with face
mask, Replaceable

Speech diaphram
assembly

Integral with face mask Integral with face mask

MATERIAL Material - *

Mass of Single Mask
(gms)

800 550, 645, 700, 800

FUNCTIONAL Max average inward
leakage(%of inhaled
air)

0.04 0 - 0.05

Max breathing
resistance while
exhalation tested at
continious flow of
160 its/min (mbar)

0.6 0 - 2.5

Max breathing
resistance while
exhalation tested at
continuous flow of
160 ltrs/min (mbar)

3 0 - 3

Max average carbon
dioxide content of
the inhalation air
(%by volume)

0.4 0 - 1

Flammability Self-Extinguishing *

REPORTS Submission of test
Report on form 39 or
from central Govt/
NABL/ILAC accredited
Lab at the time of
supply

yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 4



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Alok Kumar 132140,INDIANOIL
CORPORATION LTD. PANIPAT
REFINERY , PO. BOHALI ,
PANIPAT

150  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

