












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/716495
  Dated: 18-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 100000

Item Category Rapid Antigen Test Kits for Novel Corona Virus (SARS-
CoV-2/COVID-19)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  225 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  500 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 1521000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 24

                               1 / 6



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director
Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Block No 14/1, Dr. Jivraj Mehta Bhavan, Old Sachivalaya,
Sector-10, Gandhinagar – 382010
(Dr. Suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Rapid Antigen Test Kits For Novel Corona Virus (SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19) ( 100000 Test
)
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Type of Kit Rapid Antigen Test Kit for
Novel Coronavirus (SARS-
CoV-2/COVID-19)

*

Purpose For in-vitro
diagnosis/detection of novel
coronavirus (SARS-
CoV-2/COVID-19) infection

*

PRODUCT INFORMATION Detects Antigen specific for SARS-
CoV-2

*

Detection Method Qualitative *

Testing Principle Lateral flow
chromatographic

*

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/D6GrJ_J6PjKDbWy9QlHrPIkUzPUZshWJ2DFa7O2TknA


 

immunoassay

Species Reactivity Human *

Test can be performed
using

Nasopharyngeal swab,Nasal
swab

*

Result reading time With in 10 to 30 minutes *

Ability to evaluate negative
or positive test result

Yes *

Contains an internal control
Line/dot/band for the
confirmation that the test
has been performed
correctly

Yes *

Assay Sensitivity 84 *

Assay Specificity 100 *

Declared sensitivity and
specificity shall be claimed
by the manufacturer in the
kit literature

Yes *

No cross reactivity Yes *

Storage temperature of Kit 2 to 30° C *

Shipping Condition At Room Temperature *

KIT CONTENTS Kit contents per test 1 Test cassette with
desiccant, 1 sterile swab, 1
Extraction tube with buffer
(if any) and 1 nozzle
cap/dropper

*

Type of Swab provided Nasopharyngeal swab *

Material of Swab Synthetic fibre swab (nylon,
polyester, rayon, or dacron)
with plastic shafts or wire
shaft (flexible shaft)

*

All the components shall be
in the quantity as per pack
size

Yes *

Adequate document in
English detailing principle,
components,
methodologies, validity
criteria, interpretation of
result, performance
characteristic, bio-safety,
limitation of assay, storage
condition, mfg and exp date
& method of disposal
provided

Yes *

Positive and negative
controls provided with each
pack of kit

No *

INTERPRETATION OF
RESULTS

Reading of results Visually *

For all the samples tested,
the control line shall be
visible at the end of the test

Yes *

Test will be regarded as
invalid if the control line is
not visible at the end of the
test

Yes *

                               3 / 6



 

Test will be regarded as
positive If test line is visible
along with the control line

Yes *

PACKAGING Pack size of the kit 25 Tests *

The test kit packed in such
a way that there is
proivision to conduct single
test at a time

Yes *

Packing of test cassette Each test cassette with
desiccant individually
packed in a hermetically
sealed and non-permeable
pouch

*

Packing of Swab Each swab individually
packed in easy to open peel
pouches

*

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT Additional Requirement NA *

CERTIFICATIONS & REPORTS The kit approved from the
statutory authority in its
country of origin

Yes *

Imported kits registered and
licensed in India by DCGI &
Indigenous manufactured
kits licensed by the
authority defined under
Drugs and Cosmetics act
1940 and Medical Devices
Rules, 2017 as amended till
date

Yes *

Availability of
certificate/License from the
Drugs Controller General of
India (DCGI) for import (in
case of imported kits) and
marketing of the intended
item

Yes *

Availability of valid drug
license for the product
issued from the competent
authority defined under
Drugs & Cosmetics Act,
1940 and Medical Devices
Rules, 2017 as amended till
date

Yes *

Drug License Number - *

Product
certifications/approvals

Kit evaluated and validated
by ICMR-NIV-Pune or any
other ICMR validation
centres,EU-CE IVD (From
Notified Body)

*

Manufacturer facility
certifications

ISO:13485 (Latest) *

Availability of Test report of
each batch of the product to
prove the conformity to the
declared specification

In house Test report from
the manufacturer

*

Availability of validation
report

Yes *

Submission of all required Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

certifications, license , test
reports and any other
specific certification
requirement as imposed by
country of origin to the
buyer at the time of bidding
in case of bidding/ at the
time of supply in case of
direct order

SHELF LIFE Shelf life from the date
of manufacture

24 12, 18, 24 Or higher

Minimum shelf life of the
product at the time of
delivery to the consignee

3/4 of the total shelf life *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide advance
sample of the product for
buyer's approval before
commencement of supply in
case of bidding

No *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Katariya Mehul
Babubhai

382330,Plot No. 68-69, G.I.D.C,
Naroda Phase - 2, Central
Workshop, Naroda Depot, Naroda,
Dist.- Ahmedabad.

100000  7

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

3.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Managing Director, Gujarat
Medical Services Corporation limited, payable at gandhinagar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services
Corporation limited, payable at Gandhinagar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in Beneficiary name 
Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited, Account No. 32638352973 IFSC Code 
SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India  Branch address NSC Branch, Gandhinagar..
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line
transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer along with bid.

7.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft also (besides
PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in favour of Managing Director, Gujarat Medical
Services Corporation limited, payable at Gandhinagar. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload

                               5 / 6



 

scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer
within 15 days of award of contract.

8.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online through RTGS / internet
banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-line payment shall be in Beneficiary name 
Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited, Account No. 32638352973 IFSC Code 
SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address NSC Branch, Gandhinagar.. Successful Bidder to
indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of
award of contract.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): ICMR validation test report.

12.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

13.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

14.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

15.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

