












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709441

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Utterpradesh

Total Quantity 3000

Item Category swachh bharat 10-12 litre waste container set

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  450000

EMD Detail

Required No

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Swachh Bharat 10-12 Litre Waste Container Set ( 3000 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Product Description swachh bharat 10-12
litres waste container
set

*

Selling unit set of 2 containers *

Advertisement
provided on the
container for price
competitiveness

yes *

Advertisement on
containers (if provided)

NA *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/29a01-ztmTZrEIQeVap6JW8TcSDznMxIW80__1PRkMI


 

Advertisement
Coverage, (if provided)

NA *

Conformity of the
advertisement on 2/3rd
area of the Sticker

as allowable under
under relevant rules /
laws of India or ASCI
(The Advertising
Standards Council of
India)

*

Two Silver stickers on
the 1/3rd of theLower
portion of the
containers

Urban Local Body (ULB)
LOGO (to be provided
by ULB) on one side
and Swachh Bharat
LOGO on the other side

*

Stickers with
instruction

Dry waste on blue
container and wet
waste on green
container

*

Pre - Dispatch
Inspection (As advised
by buyer)

CIPET/ RITES/ Any other
PSU in the field of
Inspection

*

CONSTRUCTIONAL Colour in Set One Green and other
Blue

*

Material Virgin HDPE
Conforming to IS 7328
latest

Virgin HDPE
Conforming to IS 7328
latest

Shape of the container Round *

Top Diameter ( in mm) 275 *

Holes at Bottom 4 nos. of 2 mm dia
each

4 nos. of 2 mm dia
each

Rib at Bottom yes *

Vertical Ribs at the
outer surface

yes *

Containers must be un-
breakable, Robust,
Reusable and washable

yes *

Maximum Filler Content
(%)

not more than 2% *

Maximum Ash Content
, Conformity test as per
Annex D of IS: 14887
(Latest) (%)

Not mkore than 1% *

UV Resistance, % of
Tensile strength
retention after 192
hours exposure as per
ASTM D2562 -99 Table
1- Cycle Number 2 (%)

Minimum 50% *

Lid without *

                               3 / 6



 

Rim at top Yes *

Handle without *

DIMENSIONS Capacity of one Waste
container unit (Ltr)

10-12 Ltr *

Bottom Diameter (in
mm)

220 *

Overall Height (in mm) 330 *

Wall thickness of the
container (in mm)

Minimum 1 mm *

Mass of one waste
container unit (in
grams)

Min 270 grams *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./NABL/IL AC
acredited Lab to prove
conformity to the
specifications

Yes *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Conformance to the
Drop test as per clause
no 3 (10) of IS 3730
(latest) filled with 12 Kg
sand in place of water

Yes *

Conformance to falling
weight impact test as
per clause A 6 of IS
2508 (latest) condition
1 Kg at one and half
meter height

yes *

Embossing at outer
bottom surface

Manufacturer's Logo,
Swachh Bharat Mission
Logo and instruction
"Not for sale'

*

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               4 / 6



 

ng Officer

1 Dinesh Kumar 245405,KASBA KHANPUR 3000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 10
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): ISO.

9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.

                               5 / 6



 

c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

