












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703835

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Andhra Pradesh

Department Name Energy Department Andhra Pradesh

Organisation Name Transmission Corporation Of Andhra Pradesh Limited
(aptransco)

Office Name Vidyut Soudha Vijayawada

Total Quantity 3

Item Category designing software

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  35 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  280 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 142306

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 18

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Chief Engineer/Transmission
Vidyut Soudha Vijayawada, Energy Department Andhra Pradesh, Transmission Corporation of
Andhra Pradesh Limited (APTRANSCO),
(K.surendrababu)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Designing Software ( 3 pieces )

                               2 / 7



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

BASIC INFORMATION
OF DESIGNING
SOFTWARE(GOLDEN)

Software Domain /
Type

electrical,Subscription electrical, Subscription

Name of Software - *

Name of the OEM - *

OEM Model / Part
No/Product Id of OEM

- *

Software
Version/Version Name

- *

Date of Launch of
Version

- *

FEATURES AND
FUNCTIONALITY
PARAMETERS(GOLDEN)

Advance surfacing No No

Composite Material
Design

No No

Conceptual design Yes Yes

Direct Modeling Yes Yes

Electrical cable and
Conduit design

No No

Mesh CAD Models No No

Mold design No No

Parametric Modeling Yes Yes

Plastic Parts Design No No

Weldments No No

2D System Analysis No No

Circuit Simulation Yes Yes

Fluid Flow
Simulation

No No

Human Simulation No No

Motion Simulation No No

Stress Analysis No No

Structural Validation No No

Sustainability
Analysis

Yes Yes

If yes, Other
Simulation/ Analysis
Features

- *

Photorealistic No No

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/27ThkzumYpAoU2w4c1IFoy5Ei4rqcGXkTr4_F3p4v9U


 

Images

Walk-Through
Animation

No No

If yes, Other Animation
/Rendering Features

- *

Compare Costs No No

Output Cost Report Yes Yes

Automatic Cost
Estimation

Yes Yes

No. of days Training
Provided at Site

upto 5 upto 5

Number of Years
upto which Support
is available from
OEM / Franchise
online (Years)

10 10 Or higher

FEATURES AND
FUNCTIONALITY
PARAMETERS(GENERIC)

2D Drawing Yes *

3D Modeling No *

Fastening Systems No *

Large Assembly Design No *

Piping Tubing Design No *

Sheet Metal Design No *

Collision and
Interference Check

No *

Assembly Animation No *

Rendering No *

Bill of Materials Yes *

If yes, Other Cost
Estimation Features

- *

Annotations Yes *

Dimensions Yes *

Tolerance Yes *

Wireframes No *

Other Documentation
Features

- *

SUPPORTED
HARDWARE
REQUIREMENT
PARAMETERS

Hard Disk Space
Required

- *

RAM Size required - *

CPU required - *

Operating Systems
supported (Driver)

- *

Supported Devices - *

                               4 / 7



 

Supported Database - *

GENERIC PARAMETERS
OF DESIGNING
SOFTWARE

Maximum user
handling capability

- *

Concurrent user
handling capability

- *

Mode of License to be
delivered

License Dongle *

Software supplied
through

"Media & URL Link" *

Installation and
Demonstration

Yes *

List of items included in
the package

- *

Hyper link to Data
sheet

- *

Details of Government
Department email,
phone no.Of concerned
authority where
Software /Appliance
installed for above.

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Lavanya Evani 520004,APTRANSCO, Vidyut
Soudha, Gunadala,
Vijayawada.

3  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of PAY OFFICER/APTRANSCO/VIDYUTH SOUDHA payable at PAY
OFFICER/APTRANSCO/VIDYUTH SOUDHA/VIJAYAWADA. After award of contract, Successful
Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of
hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances

                               5 / 7



 

required (if any)
4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

7.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

11.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

12.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

13.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.

                               6 / 7



 

Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

