












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697265

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Manipur

Department Name Health Services Department Manipur

Organisation Name National Rural Health Mission (nrhm)

Office Name Lamphelpat

Total Quantity 9

Item Category ECG Machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 9



 

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

ECG Machine ( 9 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certificates Confirmity to
standards

European CE European CE

Certification number
and date

- *

Confirmity to safety of
electromagnetic
compatibility

IEC-60601-1-2:2001 (or
equivalent BIS)

*

                               2 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Ul0VkPpTUGvRT4kYYpV_42K6usNycsCXu1cdZcA5Acg


 

Confirmity to safety
standard

IS - 13450 /
IEC60601-1-2005

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose ECG machine is
primary equipment to
record ECG signal with
interpretation which is
required for recording
and analyzing the
waveforms with
software.

ECG machine is
primary equipment to
record ECG signal with
interpretation which is
required for recording
and analyzing the
waveforms with
software.

Operating modes of
ECG Machine

Automatic, Manual and
Rhythm

*

ECG machine should
have ECG lead
annotation facility

Yes *

Leads which is in ECG
machine should be able
to acquire
simultaneously and
interpret them

12 *

Number of channels 3 3

ECG machine should
acquire lead ECG for
both adult and
paediatric patients

Yes *

The ECG machine
should have facility to
show lead fail
indication

Yes *

The ECG machine
should have facility to
show lead reversal
indication

Yes *

The ECG machine
should have facility to
show the impedance to
quality check of
connection

Yes *

Acquisition time for
ECG Machine in sec

10 sec *

Digital sampling rate
for Pacemaker spike
detection

40000 s/sec/channel *

Recording of digital
sampling for
pacemaker

1000 s/sec/channel *

ECG machine should
have real time colour
backlit display of ECG
waveforms with signal

Yes *

                               3 / 9



 

qualify indication for
each lead

ECG machine should
have frequency filters

Artifact, AC and low
and high pass
frequency filters

*

Number of ECGs
which can be store
in ECG Machine

151-200 151-200

ECG machine should
have full screen
preview of ECG
report for quality
assessment checks
prior to print

Yes Yes

Type of inbuilt
screen

LCD LCD

Size of screen in
inches

5 5

Display resolution of
ECG machine in pixels

640 x 480 *

ECG machine should
have interpretation
facility of the
amplitudes, duration
and morphologies of
ECG waveforms and
associated rhythm for
adult and pediatric
patient

Yes *

ECG machine should
have alphanumeric
keyboard for patient
data entry

Hard keys Hard keys

Size of printing
paper

A4 A4

Resolution of digital
array printer using
thermal sensitive paper
in ECG Machine in dpi

200 dpi x 500 dpi on 25
mm/sec speed

*

ECG machine report
format

Report formats of 3x4;
6x2, Rhythm for up to
selected leads, 12 lead
extended
measurement, 1
minute of continuous
waveform data for 1
selected lead

*

Provision of battery Yes Yes

Battery capacity 50 ECG or 1 hour of
continous rhythm

50 ECG or 1 hour of
continous rhythm

                               4 / 9



 

recording on single
charge

recording on single
charge

Connectivity to ECG
Machine

LAN LAN

Storage on external
portable memories

USB support *

The individual patient
lead should be change
without replacing the
whole patient cable
assembly

Yes *

Noise level in dba 35 *

Weight of ECG Machine
in Kg

2.5 *

Frequency in Hz 300 *

Availability of latest
interpretation
software

Yes Yes

Wireless acquisition
module with RF
technology

No Yes, No

System should have
the dedicated
software to
download the ECG
form machine in PDF
format

Yes Yes

Warranty in years 4 4

User and service
manual of ECG Machine

Yes *

Environmental
Parameters

Operating temperature
and humidity

temperature of 10-40
degree C and relative
humidity of 15-90%

*

Trolley Provision of trolley No No

Material of Frame of
trolley

No Trolley Provided No Trolley Provided

Material of Top of
trolley

No Trolley Provided No Trolley Provided

Number of castors No Trolley Provided No Trolley Provided

Number of brakes
for castors

No Trolley Provided No Trolley Provided

Height of trolley in
inch

No Trolley Provided No Trolley Provided

Provision of railing
for top shelf

No Trolley Provided No Trolley Provided

Availability of
suitable cable arm

No Trolley Provided No Trolley Provided

                               5 / 9



 

having holder for
ECG cables when not
in use

Power Supply Power input 220-240 V AC, 50 Hz
fitted with Indian plug

*

Length of power cable
in meter

3 *

Resettable over current
breaker shall be fitted
for protection

Yes *

Accessories ECG Machine 12
leads with
interpretation

1 1

Patient Cable 2 2

Chest Electrodes
Adult (set of Six)

1 1

Chest Electrodes
Paediatric (set of
Six)

2 2

Limb Electrodes 2 for adults and 2 for
paediatric

2 for adults and 2 for
paediatric

Thermal paper for
500 patients

1 SET 1 SET

Power cable for
charging

Yes Yes

Supplied with Clip
electrode

No Yes, No

Reports Manufacturer shall be
ISO certified

ISO 13485 *

ISO cetification deatils
such as date and
number

- *

Availability of test
report from govt/
NABL/ILAC
accredited lab
covering all
parameters

No No

Test report number ,
Incase test reports not
availabble , put NA

- *

Test report date, Incase
test reports not
availabble , put NA

- *

Name of test lab ,
Incase test reports not
availabble , put NA

- *

Address of test lab , - *

                               6 / 9



 

Incase test reports not
availabble , put NA

Copies of all test
reports to be
provided to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies ,

NA ,Incase test reports
not availabble

NA ,Incase test reports
not availabble

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pungsumbam
Ibomcha Singh

795004,Medical Directorate,
Lamphelpat, Imphal

9  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

3. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

4.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

5.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given

                               7 / 9



 

to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 4 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

11.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of

                               8 / 9



 

CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

