












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706451

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Urban Development Department Karnataka

Organisation Name Directorate Of Municipal Administration

Office Name Dudc Mandya

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Hydraulic Tractor Trailer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  200000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hydraulic Tractor Trailer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Type of Trailers Semi Trailer (Single
Axle)

Semi Trailer (Single
Axle)

Type of Platform Tipping Platform *

Capacity of Trailer
(Gross Load)(tonnes)

8 8

Pay load of Trailer 6.2 6.2

Material used for
fabrication of trailer as
per Clause-5, Table-1 of
IS:8213 (Latest)

Yes *

Type of Axle
Assembly (The
capacity of Single

Class-B (Load carrying
capacity upto 5 Tonne)

Class-B (Load carrying
capacity upto 5 Tonne)

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ldxLuTUAocliiMVDwQO4cSx_z6B-gBFR3OXlgKKX5no


 

Axle Trailers is not
more that 5 Tonnes)

Overall length of
Trailers ( shall not
exceed 5 m upto 6
tonne load, 6.7m for
above 6 tonne load

6.3 3.0, 6.3, 3.6

Overall Width of
Trailers between
extreme points
(meter)

2.45 2.45, 2.0, 2.5

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface
to top of platform
(meter)

1.1 0.8, 1.1

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface
to sideboard (meter)

1.9 1.9, 2.2

Ground Clearance
(mm)

450 More than 350.0 Or
higher

Axle Assembly
Wheel Track(mm)

1700 1700

Axle Assembly
dimensions as per
Table-2 of IS:8213
(Latest)

Yes *

Hydraulic Ram of
suitable capacity for
tipping facility

Yes *

Tipping Angle
(degree)

50 50.0 - 50.0 Or higher

Single telescopic
cylinder as per
IS:12371 (Latest)

Yes Yes

Tilting of platform
without disturbing the
trailer

Yes *

Reto Reflective Marking
(tapes) as per AIS -090

Yes *

Lighting and Lighting
-signalling device as
per AIS-062

Yes *

Trailers shall be fitted
with Rear Under Run
Protective Device
(RUPD) confirming to IS

Yes *

                               3 / 7



 

14812 :2005

Trailers shall have
service and parking
brake as per AIS- 043

Yes *

The Trailers shall be
fitted with pneumatics
tyres and rims of
suitable size confirming
to IS 13154 :1991 and
IS 10694 :1988

Yes *

Number of Wheels 2 2

Certification Conformity to
standards

IS 8213:2000 (latest)
and AIS 112 (latest)

*

Necessary clearance
from RTO to be obtain
before supply of Trailer

Yes *

RTO approval Number
and date

- *

Avaliability of Test
report fron approved
Laboratory to prove
conforming to
specification as per AIS
112

Yes *

Test report No And
date

- *

Name of the testing
Laboratory

- *

Performance Warranty (in
months)

36 36, 48, 60

Construction
Parameters

ISI marked ISMC
channel used for
fabrication of Chassis
and frame mounting on
chassis

Yes *

Type of spring
suspension system (as
per IS:1135) for load
carrying capacity

- *

Diameter of the Axle
of chassis (Min)
(mm)

85 More than 80.0 Or
higher

Nos. Of spring
leaves plates fitted
(Nos.)

20 Above 15

Lashing hooks for
towing down load

Yes *

No of Hooks 10 More than 1.0 Or
higher

                               4 / 7



 

Type of Towing Device - *

Capacity of Towing 6.2 6.2

Painted Colour on the
Trailers as per AIS 112

Red *

One coat of Red Oxide
and 2 coat of Super
Synthetic Enamel Paint

Yes *

Painting on outer side
of the tank as approved
by the buyer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 K R 571401,District Urban
Development Cell, Office of
the Deputy Commissioner,
Mandya

1  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

                               5 / 7



 

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.SLBR52
7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
8.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

10.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): certificates/test reports by any
reputed organization should be submitted.

11.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope As per
GEM norms (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if
Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM
undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary

                               6 / 7



 

product having highest bid value should meet this criterion
15.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt

also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Chief officer, TMC Malavalli, District Mandya A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank
should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

