












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703328

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Stc Bsf Baikunthpur, Salugara, Siliguri

Total Quantity 2048

Item Category Emporium Products

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Emporium Products ( 2048 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ORGANISATION Type of organisation
offering the
Emporium Products

Private Entity Private Entity

Name of Organisation - *

PRODUCT Name of the Product
Category

Handicrafts Handicrafts

Name of the
Subcategory

- *

Name of the Product - *

SKU Code SKU Code - *

DESCRIPTION Description - *

DIMENSIONS Dimensions ( mm ) - *

MASS Mass - *

MATERIAL Material - *

COLOUR Colour - *

OTHER DETAILS Other Details ( if any ) - *

APPROVAL OF PRICE Whether the price is
approved by
Government Agency

No No

If yes, name of the
price approving agency

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manish Gupta 734008,STC BSF
BAIKUNTHPUR, SALUGARA,
SILIGURI

2048  30

Special terms and conditions for category Emporium Products 

1.This product category has been specially created on GeM for Direct and PAC buying of
handloom products, handicrafts products and gift articles etc. The procurement under this
category is limited to RS 50,000/- for Direct buying and unlimited value for PAC buying. By

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/KPXYJWehc_nFOzCGbL06AZca-NBh7uLAgHu3V3Lm3uA


 

uploading any product under this category, the seller undertakes that there is no predefined
category available on GeM for the offered item. While making procurement under this
category, Buyer also has to undertake that category of item selected is not otherwise
available on GeM for competitive procurement. Any procurement from this category in
violation of these guidelines will render the contract so concluded as null and void. Since
there are no defined parameters to compare the products of different OEMs/ Sellers, Buyer
has to be doubly sure about reasonableness of price of the product being procured. Any
false claim by seller about product specifications and about rate having been approved by
any government agency will be treated as a Severe Deviation under the Incident
Management Policy of the GeM.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 15 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 15 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

