












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707361

  Dated: 12-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Civil Aviation

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Directorate General Of Civil Aviation (dgca)

Office Name Dgca Hqrs

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Tablet Based Digital Monitoring and Attendance
System

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 7



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Tablet Based Digital Monitoring And Attendance System ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Biometric Attendance
System

Type Android Based Tablet
having Calling Feature
and Integrated with
Biometric Identification
Device Housed in
Rugged Casing

Android Based Tablet
having Calling Feature
and Integrated with
Biometric Identification
Device Housed in
Rugged Casing

Tablet Specifications Screen Size (Inches) 7 ≤ N < 8 7 ≤ N < 8

Screen Type capacitive Touch
Screen with 16 million
colours

*

Screen Resolution
(Pixel)

1024 x 600 1024 x 600

Screen Brightness
(Nits)

250 ≤ N < 300 250 ≤ N < 300

Operating System Android Oreo 8.0 or
Higher

Android Oreo 8.0 or
Higher

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/wpjnwaoWBNg1SshfgUkiE6Yzf7ubzJf6BEBQLHcozy8


 

Processor Speed
(GHz)

1.3 1 - 3

RAM (GB) 2 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher

Internal storage (GB) 16 16, 32, 64 Or higher

Micro SD Card Support Yes *

Storage
Expandability upto
(Through micro SD
Card) (GB)

64 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128

Number of USB Type A
Port

1 *

Number of Micro USB
Port

1 *

Front Camera (Mega
Pixel)

1.3 *

Rear Camera (Mega
Pixel)

0 0, 2, 5, 8, 13 Or higher

Flash Functionality No *

Sim Card Slot (Number) 2 *

Cellular Network
Supported

4G/LTE 4G/LTE

Network Interface Ethernet 10/100 *

Wi-Fi Connectivity 802.11 b/g/n *

Bluetooth Connectivity Yes *

GPS Availability Yes Yes

AGPS Functionality Yes Yes, No

USB Cable Connectivity Standard + Micro Both *

Built in Speakers Yes *

Microphone Yes *

Earphone 3.5 mm Jack *

Battery Capacity
(mAh)

≥ 5000 ≥ 5000

Indicative Battery
Backup Time (Hours)

4 *

Biometric Attendance
System Specification

STQC Certified
Biometric Identification
Device

Single Fingerprint
Scanner

*

Capture Area FAP 30 *

STQC certified Single
Finger-Print biometric
device for Aadhar
Authentication with
driver, in built template
extractor software/SDK

Yes *

                               3 / 7



 

(mandatorily with
license, if required)

STQC Certificate
number (Certificate
shall be furnished when
demanded by buyer)

- *

STQC Certificate valid
upto

- *

UIDAI Registered
Device Certification
available

Yes *

UIDAI Registered
Device Certificate
number (Certificate
shall be furnished when
demanded by buyer)

- *

UIDAI Registered
Device Certificate valid
upto

- *

Position of Biometric
Scanner in the System

fingerprint scanner
should be
ergonomically placed
to support ease of
usage for biometric
attendance in standing
posture of the users

*

IRIS Scanner
Availability (STQC
Certified and UIDAI RD
Certified)

No *

If Yes, STQC Certificate
number& its Validity

- *

If Yes, UIDAI RD
Certificate number& its
Validity

- *

Casing Device Casing Material Other Tough Material *

Casing Thickness (mm) 3 *

Ingress Protection
Rating of Device

NA *

Drop Test Compliance
for Casing from a
height of 1 meter

No *

Option for Printing of
Logo on Device Casing
as per Specific
Requirement of User(
Logo Design will be
provided by User if
Needed at the time of
PO Placement )

NA *

                               4 / 7



 

Miscellaneous Standard accessories
to be supplied along
with the Machine : (a)
Power Adapter (b)
Charger (c) User
Manual

Provided *

BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

- *

BIS Registration
number and its validity

- *

ROHS Compliance
Certificate

Yes *

Other Certifications
Available

FCC,UL,CE,NA *

Minimum Storage
Temperature (Degree
C)

0 *

Maximum Storage
Temperature (Degree
C)

50 *

Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

50 *

Operating Humidity
(RH) (%)

57 *

Other Options Mobile Device
Management
Support (MDM)

1 Year 1 Year, 2 Year, 3 Year,
4 Year, 5 Year, NA

Mobile Device
Management Hosting
(MDM)

Cloud Based *

Warranty On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bhagaji Vishram 411028,Govt. Gliding 2  30

                               5 / 7



 

Dangat Centre, Saswad Road,
Hadapsar

Special terms and conditions for category Tablet Based Digital Monitoring and
Attendance System 

1.Pre-loaded cloud based management software should be capable of contextually managing
and monitoring the devices, pushing applications and content, pushing group based
messages, managing through a remote web based control centre and provide web based
MIS dashboard. The management software will allow to manage the contexts like date &
time of use, network, geo-locations etc. in both online and offline mode. The devices should
be provisioned for providing remote and automatic updates and upgrades from a centralized
web based interface. The end users should not be able to uninstall this software or any
application. The software will prevent the tablet from use by un-authorized user in case it is
stolen and help in tracing the location. The Logo & message of the user Department for the
users will be included in the Boot software so that it will appear on the Tablet any time it is
switched on for use.

2. If Seller is uploading product with agreement to print use’s specific logo, they will print the
same as per design, content and style provided at by the buyer at time placement of
purchase order without any extra cost.

3.Tablet Based Biometric Attendance System shouldbe unrooted and Safety Net passed.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): N/A
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Yes

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,

                               6 / 7



 

either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

