












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44901

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Andhra Pradesh

Department Name Municipal Administration And Urban Development
Department Andhra Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Dharmavaram Municipality

Total Quantity 16

Item Category waste containers or rigid liners- Dust bin or Garbage
Bin or Household Bin

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 4



 

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Waste Containers Or Rigid Liners- Dust Bin Or Garbage Bin Or Household
Bin ( 16 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Utility Public (Mobile
containers confirming
IS: 12402)

Public (Mobile
containers confirming
IS: 12402)

ISI Marked No No

CM/L No (If ISI Marked
Yes) (If No write NA)

- *

Class confirming to
IS:12402 (For Public
Dustbins)

Type B (with 4 pivoting
castors)

*

Material Corrosion free sheet
metal

Corrosion free sheet
metal

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/VKxzgqjwlPwNWgGiKcPmmCUYG5YFJopcGwXxJqWrOZE


 

CAPACITY Bin Capacity
(Volume) (Ltrs)

1100 Litres 1100 Litres, 1110 Litres

DIMENSIONS Wheel Dimension in
(mm) (Diameter x
Thickness ) (mm x mm)

- *

Weight of Dustbin
(Complete unit)
(Grams)

- *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Colour green *

Wheel Lock With *

Load carrying Capacity
(Kgs)

- *

Wall Non- Perforated Non- Perforated

Lid hindged hindged

Handle With *

Wheel With With

Wheel Material - *

Towage Provision yes yes

Gripping Provision Both Frontal &Ventral *

Plugged outlet for
washing & draining

With *

UV Resistant no *

Dust Bin stand without *

No. of
Compartments in the
Bin

single single

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Government/NABL/IL
AC acredited Lab to
prove conformity to the
specifications

yes *

Test report number - *

Test report date - *

Name and address of
lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 4



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bulle Prathap 515671,Commissioner
Special Grade Municipality
Dharmavaram

16  20 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

