












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/696863

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development And Environment Department

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Khandwa Municipal Corporation

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Mobile Toilet

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  13 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  109 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                             1 / 11



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.75

EMD Amount 20400

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Store Offcier
Khandwa Municipal Corporation, Urban Development and Environment Department, N/A,
(Prem Kumar Suman)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                             2 / 11



 

Mobile Toilet ( 4 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Supply Assembled Ready To
Use

Assembled Ready To
Use

Number of
Compartments

10-seater mobile toilet 10-seater mobile toilet

Type of WC Indian with FRP Indian with FRP

Number of WC 10 10

Number of
Bathrooms

10 10

Number of Urinals 10 10

Water facility By mean of overhead
tank(Capacity
1000Ltrs)

By mean of overhead
tank(Capacity
1000Ltrs)

Wash basin 2 Nos. outside the Unit
with common facility

2 Nos. outside the Unit
with common facility

Sewage facility Sludge tank
(capacity-2000ltrs) with
100mm outlet facility
through butterfly valve
and hose pipe(For
10-seater)

Sludge tank
(capacity-2000ltrs) with
100mm outlet facility
through butterfly valve
and hose pipe(For
10-seater)

ventilation One No. One No.

Top(roof) shape Slanting/tapper *

Projection of Roof NO projection NO projection

Installation and
commissioning

To be done by seller To be done by seller

Plumbing and
Sanitation fitting
connections

To be done by seller To be done by seller

Electrical
connections

To be done by seller To be done by seller

Waste extraction
fitting

To be done by seller To be done by seller

Civil foundation Required - To be done
by seller

No foundation required,
Required - To be done
by seller, Required - To

                             3 / 11

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/4vuwK3OAfPmbcL9DK9PiPfapF55pATm1OBmIFkjmL74


 

be done by consignee
himself

TRAILER STRUCTURAL
MATERIAL

Trailer
frame(Chassis)
material with
support material
including pathway

100mm X 50mm C-
channel MS - 75mm X
37.5mm C-channel MS -
40mm X 40mm X 5mm
(thick) MS angle -
40mm X 40mm X 5mm
(thick) MS Tee - 35mm
X 35mm X 5mm (thick)
MS angle and 25mm X
25mm X 3mm (thick)
MS angle for 4-seater/6
-seater/8-seater and
10-seater

100mm X 50mm C-
channel MS - 75mm X
37.5mm C-channel MS -
40mm X 40mm X 5mm
(thick) MS angle -
40mm X 40mm X 5mm
(thick) MS Tee - 35mm
X 35mm X 5mm (thick)
MS angle and 25mm X
25mm X 3mm (thick)
MS angle for 4-seater/6
-seater/8-seater and
10-seater

Railing material 38mm X 25mm MS
pipe of thickness
1.2-1.5mm (for
4-seater, 6-seater,
8-seater & 10-seater)

38mm X 25mm MS
pipe of thickness
1.2-1.5mm (for
4-seater, 6-seater,
8-seater & 10-seater)

Trailer
understructure

Spring leaves 914mm
with 13 leaves for
8-seater and 10-seater

Spring leaves 914mm
with 13 leaves for
8-seater and 10-seater

Turn table/rotor 100mm X 50mm MS
channel and 10mm
thick MS plate plus
spring ply 40mm X
5mm

*

Pathway passage/slide
platform

Aluminum chequerd
sheet having width of
455mm

*

Stairs frame material 35mm x 35mm X 5mm
MS angle and 25mm x
25mm x 3mm MS angle
with 25mm x 3mm MS
Flat

*

Stairs size 710mm X 230mm
having 4-step for
1420mm Height and
735mm width stair

*

Locking Locking pins to be
provided for lock the
platform

*

Tow bar Made of 100 X 50 mm
channel section with
easy detachable and
connect with turn table

Made of 100 X 50 mm
channel section with
easy detachable and
connect with turn table

FRAME MATERIAL Side panel frame
material

35mm X 35mm X
5mm(thick) ,25mm X
25mm X 3mm(thick)
MS angle (for 4-seater/
6-seater/8-seater &

35mm X 35mm X
5mm(thick) ,25mm X
25mm X 3mm(thick)
MS angle (for 4-seater/
6-seater/8-seater &

                             4 / 11



 

10-seater) 10-seater)

Top(roof) frame
material

NO top(roof) frame
structure

NO top(roof) frame
structure

Top(roof) support
frame structure

NO top(roof) support
frame

NO top(roof) support
frame

Partition frame
material

35mm X 35mm X
5mm(thick),25mm X 25
mm X 3mm(thick) MS
angle

35mm X 35mm X
5mm(thick),25mm X 25
mm X 3mm(thick) MS
angle

Ventilation frame
material

25mm X 25mm X
3mm(thick) flat MS

*

Door frame material 50mm X 25mm of
14-16gauge
rectangular MS hollow
pipe

50mm X 25mm of
14-16gauge
rectangular MS hollow
pipe

Support material for
Door panel fixing

Aluminium U-channel
of 18gauge

Aluminium U-channel
of 18gauge

Door hinges(two
numbers)

75mm size with
1.2-1.5mm thickness
MS

*

Tank holder frame
material

25mm X 3mm (thick)
MS flat

25mm X 3mm (thick)
MS flat

PANEL MATERIAL Side panel material 18 gauge MS sheet 18 gauge MS sheet

Top(Roof) panel
material

2mm thick FRP
translucent sheet

2mm thick FRP
translucent sheet

Door panel material Outside paneling of 18
gauge aluminum
sheet(corrugated
sheet)

Outside paneling of 18
gauge aluminum
sheet(corrugated
sheet)

partition panel
material

Single layer 3mm thick
FRP

Single layer 3mm thick
FRP

Floor material 5mm thick FRP
material

5mm thick FRP
material

DIMENSION Size of each
cubical(LXWXH) ±
25mm

890mm X 840mm X
1980mm

890mm X 840mm X
1980mm

Door size(WxH) ±
20mm

585mm x 1830mm *

Ventilation size(WXH)
± 10mm

650mm X 40mm *

Partition height ±
20mm

1830mm *

Single pan size ±
10mm

As per buyer's choice *

Overall Length(mm)
± 25mm

5200mm for 10(5+5)
seater

5200mm for 10(5+5)
seater

                             5 / 11



 

Overall Width
including
pathway(mm) ±
25mm

2700mm for 4/6/8 and
10-seater

2700mm for 4/6/8 and
10-seater

Total height ± 25mm 3040mm *

SEWAGE SUCTION UNIT Capacity of sewage
suction unit

4000Ltr *

Length of sewage
suction unit ± 25mm

2740mm for 4000Ltr *

Width of sewage
suction unit ± 15mm

1830mm for 4000Ltr,
5000Ltr and 6000Ltr

*

Capsule Diameter N.A *

Capsule Thickness N.A *

Chassis size of sewage
suction unit

N.A *

Suction pump N.A *

Valve for sewage
suction unit

Butterfly valve of
100mm

*

Axle for sewage suction
unit

89mm x 1675mm for
4000ltr capacity

*

Tyres for sewage
suction unit

Two nos. of size 9.00 x
20ply for 4000ltrs.

*

Spring leaves for
sewage suction unit

Four nos. of 13 leaves
by 90mm

*

MISC Door locking bolts Size 100mm SS 304 *

Tower bolt locking Tower bolt of SS 304
size 75mm

*

Overhead Tank
material

made of double layer
HDPE sheet

*

Wash basin material made of FRP(fiber
reinforced plastic)

*

WC material made of FRP(fiber
reinforced plastic)

*

Towel rail/ring made of SS *

Cloth hook made of SS 304 *

P-trap material made of HDPE(75mm) *

Footrest(WC)
material

made of FRP integrated
with Indian WC and
floor

made of FRP integrated
with Indian WC and
floor

Sewage tank material Sludge tank made of
FRP 4mm(for 4-seater/6
-seater/8-seater &
10-seater)

*

Mirror size 455mm X 305mm 455mm X 305mm

                             6 / 11



 

Electric provision By mean of connection
from external supply

*

Sewage provision Connected to septic
tank

*

Level indicator
provision

N.A *

Water supply
connection

UPVC pipe connection
with all toilet
interconnecting

*

Seat cistern fitting By PVC flush pipe to
toilet seat

By PVC flush pipe to
toilet seat

Soap stand Plastic made Size:125
X 75 mm

*

Tap material HDPE push cock *

Base floor surface N.A *

Trailer Movement
facility

Two axle of 57mm X
57mm X 2133mm with
4-tyres of size 7.50 X
16 with hubs and
bearings for 8-seater
and 10-seater

Two axle of 57mm X
57mm X 2133mm with
4-tyres of size 7.50 X
16 with hubs and
bearings for 8-seater
and 10-seater

Provision for vent pipe From sludge/Septic
tank

*

Water mug(standard
size)

Plastic made *

Electric point 1 No. electric point to
be provided in all toilet
2 watt LED

*

Stand provision to keep
mobile toilet in static
position

To keep safe Tyre,
Tube , rim and their
maintenance

*

COLOUR & FINISH Colour of cabin As per buyer's choice *

Finish With Primer and Paint *

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer's on
demand

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES *

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years

2 2

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                             7 / 11



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prem Kumar
Suman

450001,Municipal
Corporation Khandwa Azad
Bhavan Town Hall Khandwa

4  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

9.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.

                             8 / 11



 

iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

11.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

14.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

15.SLBR52
16.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before

dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

17.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

                             9 / 11



 

18. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
19.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide

AMC Service for next 2 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 10 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 2% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

20.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope All the
parts of the product (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the
bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this
compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

21.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

22.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

23.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

24.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of 
Commissioner Municipal Corporation Khandwa payable at Khandwa.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

25.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Commissioner Municipal Corporation Khandwa A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank
should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

26.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Commissioner Municipal
Corporation Khandwa payable at Khandwa.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

                            10 / 11



 

27.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Commissioner Municipal Corporation Khandwa Account No. 53045866871
IFSC Code SBIN0030102 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address Patel Chamber
Khandwa.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

28.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Commissioner Municipal Corporation Khandwa payable at Khandwa. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

29.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Commissioner Municipal Corporation Khandwa A/C (Name of the Seller). The
bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

30.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name Commissioner Municipal Corporation Khandwa
Account No. 53045866871 IFSC Code SBIN0030102 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch
address Patel Chambers Khandwa. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name
of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to
upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days
of award of contract.

31.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

32.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            11 / 11

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

