












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711322

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Youth Services And Sports And Technical Education
Department Jammu And Kashmir

Organisation Name Jammu And Kashmir State Sports Council

Office Name Bakshi Stadium Srinagar 190008

Total Quantity 500

Item Category yearly planners

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 8900

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 3



 

Beneficiary: 
EDITOR
Bakshi Stadium Srinagar 190008, Youth Services and Sports and Technical Education Department
Jammu and Kashmir, Jammu and Kashmir State Sports Council ,
(Ovais Ahmed)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Yearly Planners ( 500 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification IS Specification of
Paper IS 1848:Latest

Yes *

Type Type of Planner Table top Notebook / dairy, Table
top, Wall mounted

Material Material of Cover /
Bottom of Planner

Coated Card Board Coated Card Board,
Plastic, Leather

Material of Sheet of
Planner

Offset Paper Offset Paper

Size Size of Planner
Sheet ( Width X
Height) (mm x mm)

Customised Customised

Substance of paper
sheet (gsm)

170 280, 170

Physical Characteristics Date / Page Marker Nylon Thread Nylon Thread, Plastic
Tap, Alphabetical cuts
of Page

Binding of Planner Fixed type Fixed type

Closer of Planner
(for Notebook / dairy
)

Tap type Tap type

Printing Pattern Multi Colour Multi Colour

Number of Sheets Number of of Sheets
of Planner (Nos)

160 Any applicable numeric
value

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/BE5JZMl9XKWrPtS41u0e4IEZzFnJBdiIdNrDHucQa7k


 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ovais Ahmed 190001,Bakhshi Stadium,
Srinagar

500  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

