












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712801
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Department Of Higher Education Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Bhopal1

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Projector Screen

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some

                               1 / 4



 

quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Projector Screen ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Type Motorised Motorised

Supported Display
Technology

1080 1080

Mounting Type Wall Mount Wall Mount

Aspect Ratio 4:3 *

Display Fabric Material - *

Length x Width of Projector
Screen (Inch x inch)

- *

Gain - *

Life time lubricated motor
for smooth & silent
functioning of the screen

Yes *

Remote Yes *

If Yes, Type Of Remote Wireless *

Anti UV Coating Yes *

Waterproof/Washable No *

Fire Proof No *

Autolock/Instalock Feature Yes *

Weight (Kg) 20 *

On Site OEM Warranty 1 1
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/DFaltwPVgJo_hQNEygQlG_I_YfUsWxvrKyzk0IPMwJQ


 

Officer

1 Alka Varma 462016,SAROJNI NAIDU
GOVERNMENT GIRLS POST
GRADUATE COLLEGE, MAIN ROAD
2, SHIVAJI NAGAR,

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and has at least 3 years

residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-life by the OEM before this period.
2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

8.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

9.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

10.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

11.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

12.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

13.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

14.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

15.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value

                               3 / 4



 

should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

