












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714496
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Department Of Space, Isro

Total Quantity 1

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  4100

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 1 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make samsung

Model samsungmlt-d203sblacktonercartridge

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Product Class OEM OEM

Brand Samsung Samsung

Type of
Cartridge/Consumable

Toner Toner

Colour of
Cartridges/Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum Model
number

Samsung MLT-D203S Black
Toner Cartridge

Samsung MLT-D203S Black
Toner Cartridge

Corresponding Part
number/ code

MLT-D203S/XIP MLT-D203S/XIP

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

SL-M3320ND,SL-M3820ND,S
L-M4020ND,SL-M3370FD,SL-
M3870FD,SL-M4070FR

SL-M3320ND, SL-M3370FD,
SL-M3820ND, SL-M3870FD,
SL-M4020ND, SL-M4070FR

Yield of the Cartridge as per
ISO/IEC:19752/2004(E)for
BK & ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

3000 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajesh Singh 380015,Central Stores, Space
Applications Centre, Ambawadi
Vistar PO

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1.In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM cartridges are supplied
to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of indigenously
manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be older than nine months while
accepting the material. In case it is found to be more than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected
by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC) Certificate only after
verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the same in the machine
so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters subject to its genuineness having already
been verified at the time of issue of Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by Sellers on GeM against
OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller from any transaction in future including any
other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make OEM

Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1.In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been provided and can be

accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through HP SureSupply app or by using

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/nZyFlUHrKPWupuVtRCxGaxu3_EuhrjagL4CasQODzjg


 

Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on the cartridge security seal. After the scan process
of the QR code, a validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively the Sl. No. of the
cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP
website. The detailed procedure to check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl
visit the Hp website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in Bids less than 200

Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020):
Preference shall be given to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal
Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted
in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the
local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

