












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699785

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Stc Bsf Baikunthpur, Salugara, Siliguri

Total Quantity 828

Item Category first field dressing

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 DGQA

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 4



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

First Field Dressing ( 828 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Can be folded in
several different ways
to give excellent
compression to stop
bleeding wounds

YES *

Number of Safety
Pins (Nos)

1 1

Safety pins with the
bandage

YES *

Smooth Texture YES *

Shelf Life (Months) - *

Does not cause allergy YES *

DIMENSIONS Length of Roller
Bandage (mm)

1800 1800.0

Pad Size (cm x cm) 15 x 15 15 x 15

Width of Roller
Bandage (mm)

60 60.0

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/j38lQWNCM0mWAaWSrLUCQwTMobd71-CULce9UfAU-0U


 

MATERIAL Acriflavine treated
stitched with roller
bandage

YES *

Pad Material Gauze Gauze

Made from folded
gauze pad

YES *

Weight (gram) 30 30.0

PACKING First Field Dressing
packed in a water proof
pouch maintaining
sterility and Shelf Life

YES *

CERTIFICATIONS Submission of Test
Report on Form 39 or
from Central
Govt.approved
/NABL/ILAC acredited
Lab at the time of
supply

YES *

Product conformity
certificate is to be
provided to the buyer
when required

YES *

Certification - *

Manufacturing Drug
License

YES *

Drug License No - *

Drug License Date - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manish Gupta 734008,STC BSF
BAIKUNTHPUR, SALUGARA,
SILIGURI

828  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 15 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the

                               3 / 4



 

drawings within 15 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): AS PER BID ENQUIRY
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: AS PER BID ENQUIRY

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 5
samples for Buyer's approval, within 15 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 15 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

