












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715475
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name East Central Railway

Total Quantity 114

Item Category Compressed oxygen gas

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 20862

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

                               1 / 6



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
ECR/Hajipur
East Central Railway, NA, N/A, Ministry of Railways, Payable at Pt. Deen Dayal Upadhayay Nagar
(Pfa)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Compressed Oxygen Gas ( 114 cubic meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conforming to
IS:309(Latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked No *

CM/L Number - *

Valid explosive license is
required

No *

Valid explosive license No No *

Date of issue of Valid
explosive license No

No *

Date upto which explosive
license is valid

No *

Explosive License to be
submitted to the Buyer on

No *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/UR-mg9PAPSi-pdlkcHFYlkQDodyZGOlbShxZObLTdVs


 

Demand

Test Report Availability of Test reports
from Central Govt/State
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
the specification

Yes *

Test Report to be submitted
to the Buyer on Demand

Yes *

The tests for carbon
monoxide, carbon dioxide &
Hydrocarbon are not
required if the Compressed
Oxygen is produced by Air
Seperation process unless it
is required by Indentor/DDO
and these test shall be
carrie if the gas is
manufactured by any other
method

Yes *

REQUIRNMENTS "Purity, percent by volume
when tested by the method
prescribed in Annex A of
IS:309(latest), min"

99 *

Dew Point "The dew point or oxygen
gas shall be at least 400C
measured at atmospheric
pressure when tested by the
method prescribed in
Annexure of B-2, B-3 and
B-4 of IS:309(latest)"

*

Volume fraction of
carbonmonoxide

0 *

Volume fraction of
carbondioxide

0 *

Volume fraction of
hydrocarbons expressed as
methane

0 *

Impurities if any

Packing " The gas shall be supplied
compressed in cylinders The
design of the cylinders,
pressure of gas in the
cylinders, packing, marking,
painting, labelling and
transport of cylinders shall
be in accordance with the
Gas Cylinder Rules, 1940,
with such modifications as
may be ordered from time
to time by the Chief
Inspector of Explosives,
Government of India or
other duly constituted
authority"

Yes *

The quantity of oxygen gas
packed in a gas cylinder
shall be measured at 150C
and 760 mm of Hg and shall
be expressed in cubic metre

Yes *

Examination of Cylinders
and porous substances

"This shall be carried out by
contractor as per Gas

Yes *

                               3 / 6



 

Cylinder Rules, 1981 and as
laid down in Red tariff No 20
"

"Damage to Cylinder and
parts there of- The price
accepted include the prices
of the damages to
valves/cylinders in the
prices of gases as
responsibility of enroute
damages and supplying of
the gas in sound cylinders
as per Gas Cylinder
Rules,1981 would rest with
seller in the absence of any
inspection of the same,
They will also take care of
the proper
loading/unloading of the
cylinders and briefing
/training of consignees in
the handling of cylinders"

Yes *

"Assessment of damages at
the consignee’s end- The
Contractor’s representative
while lifting the cylinders
from the consignees end
will check the
cylinder/accessories etc, for
damages and intimate the
same to the consignee,The
payment on account of
damage parts will be made
to the seller directly by the
consignee separately"

Yes *

Specification for Gas
Cylinders:

Gas cylinders shall conform
to Gas Cylinder Rules, 1981,
any other rules applicable
currently and to
specification approved by
the Chief Controller of
Explosives, Government of
India

Yes *

Cylinders will conform to
gas cylinder rules and will
be duly approved by the
Controller Explosives,
Nagpur

Yes *

All cylinders are required to
be examined and tested
periodically as per the Gas
Cylinder Rules,
Responsiblity for
compliance with this rests
with the seller, who will
carry out test as may be
required

Yes *

All cylinders are required to
be painted as and when
necessary to the
appropriate colour-code
specified in the Gas Cylinder
Rules, 1981, Responsibility
for compliance rests with
seller, who will carry

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

painting or as may be
required under the rules

It will be firm’s responsibility
to possess valid Explosive
Licenses for manufacturing
and storing till safe delivery
of Industrial Gases to the
DDOs/Consignees

Yes *

Marking "The marking, painting,
Iabelling and transport of
cylinders shall be in
accordance with the
requirements of the Gas
Cylinder Rules, 1981 of the
Government of India, with
such modification as may be
ordered from time to time
by the Chief Controller of
Explosives, Government of
India, or any other duly
constituted authority The
cylinders shall also be
marked as shown in IS 1260
(Part 1) and IS 4379"

Yes *

"The cylinders may also be
marked with the Standard
Mark"

Yes *

"The use of the Standard
Mark is governed by the
provisions of the Bureau of
Indian Standards Act, 1986
and Rules and Regulations
made thereunder The
details of conditions under
which the licence for use of
the Standard Mark may be
granted to manufacturers or
producers may be obtained
from the Bureau of Indian
Standards"

Yes *

Cylinders for compressed
Oxygen gas shall carry a
label indicating water
capacity of cylinder and
declared volume by the
supplier at reference
condition of temperature
and pressure

Yes *

Oxygen gas shall be
supplied in cylinder of 6-7
Cubic metre capacity owned
by the supplier

Yes *

The accounting unit for
Oxygen gas shall be in cubic
meter at reference ambient
condition of 27 degree
Celsius temperature and 1
atm pressure (760mm Hg)

Yes *

Guarantee/Warranty The period of
Guarantee/Warranty shall
be 12 months from the date
of receipt of stores by
consignee

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               5 / 6



 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Swati Rani Singh 232101,CMS,ECR, Mughalsarai,
Chandauli 232101

114  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

