












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700784

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Agriculture Department Bihar

Organisation Name Bihar Agricultural University

Office Name Bhagalpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Non Refrigerated Centrifuge for General Purpose and
research

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 DGQA

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Non Refrigerated Centrifuge For General Purpose And Research ( 1 pieces
)

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
standards

- *

Certificate number and
date

- *

Performance
Parameters

Purpose To Centrifuge different
kinds of samples in
different Labs and
research Labs at room
Temperature

*

Centrifuge design Bench Top Bench Top

Weight including Rotor
in kgs

50 *

Maximum RPM with no
load

20000 *

"Number of steps of
RPM Variation available
in the settings
(correspondingly RCF
also varies) "

20000 *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/8w2cbPO-RtznSuBUAYJfYZ39rrEf6xFsehIecWS9RHY


 

RPM setting accuracy plus minus 5% *

Type of Motor With Carbon Brushless With Carbon Brushless

Type of lid lock Both Manual and
Electronic

*

Maximum Noise level
when working at 1
meter distance in db

53 *

Ambient operating
Temperature range in
Degree centigrade
Celsius and Humidity
Range

0 to 50 and Relative
humidity 15 to 90%

*

Rotor imbalance
diagnostics and
automatic stop if
required

Yes *

No of accelaration and
decelarion profiles in
built for rotor speed
while automatic
braking

"Programmable from
50 to 200 Seconds in
Interval of 5 Seconds"

*

Maximum timer set
point

60 minutes *

Parameters to be
displayed by the digital
display

RPM,RCF,Set time,Run
time,Rotor running
indication ,imbalancing
if any

*

Display Type LCD *

Speed controller Microprocessor
controlled pre
programmed speed
controller which can
control RPM as well as
RCF

*

Configuration of
Rotor supplied with
centrifuge machine

Angle rotor Angle rotor

Rotor Feature With
Reference to
Autoclavability

Autoclavable Rotor
@121 Degree Celsus

*

Type of Tubes which
can be used with
centrifuge machine

Polypropylene
Centrifuge tubes and
Glass centrifuge tubes

*

Size of rotor
supplied with
centrifuge

"6x50 ml(for angle
rotor) RPM 13000"

"6x50 ml(for angle
rotor) RPM 13000"

Maximum RCF 34500 *

Power supply 230 Volts 50 Hz AC ±
10%

*

                               3 / 6



 

Power consumption in
watts

600 *

Length of the
Centrifuge in mm

750 *

Width of the Centrifuge
in mm

450 *

Height of of the
Centrifuge in mm

510 *

Length of Power cord in
meters

3 *

Accessories Spanner to tight or
loose Nut of Rotor on
Motor shaft head
puller,spare rotor nuts
,fuse-2, Instruction
Manual Book
,installation CD

*

Warranty period in
years

1 1, 2

Material Parameters Assembly Material for
manufacture of
Centrifuge

Die cast Aluminum,
Aluminum sheet,
Stainless Steel, CRC
Steel,Plastic and
Rubber

*

"Lid Material of
Centrifuge "

CRC Steel finish with
powder coating or
stove painting or ABS
Plastic of injection
moulding

*

Body material of
Centrifuge

C.R.C Steel Finish with
Powder Coating/ Stove
Painting

*

Front Panel of
centrifuge

CRC Steel finish with
powder coating or
stove painting or ABS
Plastic of injection
moulding

*

Centrifuge Bowl
material in Centrifuge

304 Quality Stainless
Steel Moulded

*

Material of Rotor Aluminium *

Additional Parameters Auto cut off Yes *

Timer provided Yes *

The Equipment shall
be installed and
demonstrated before
Acceptance

No(No installation and
demonstration required
and consignee can
install)

No(No installation and
demonstration required
and consignee can
install)

Servo Controller
Voltage Stabilizer
supplied with Item

No No

                               4 / 6



 

Servo stabilizer
ratings in KVA

Not Supplied Not Supplied

Warranty of
stabilizer in years

Not supplied Not supplied

Reports Certifications of
Manufacturer

ISO 9001:2015 *

ISO certificate date and
number

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Beerendra Singh 802136,Veer Kunwar Singh
College of Agriculture
Mahraura Road, Dumraon,
Buxar (Bihar)

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to

                               5 / 6



 

avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 15% of total
value.

4.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 5 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 2% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

5.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

6.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 15 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 15 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

7.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

8.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

