












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/716104
  Dated: 18-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Hyderabad

Total Quantity 10

Item Category tracheostomy tubes with cuff blister pack adult

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 3



 

Tracheostomy Tubes With Cuff Blister Pack Adult ( 10 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Category Adult Adult

Sterile YES *

Method of Sterilization ETO *

Single use yes *

Shelf life (Years) - *

The product should have at
least 2/3rd of the total shelf
life available at the time of
supply

Yes *

DIMENSIONS Internal Diameter (mm) 8.5 8.5

Tube Length (mm) 12.6 12.6

MATERIAL Material of tube (Non-
toxic, Medical Grade)

Silicon Coated PVC Silicon Coated PVC

CONSTRUCTION Cuffed yes yes

Cuff shape Others Others

Cuff thin smooth, soft, non-
herniating low pressure type
and bonded to the tube

yes *

low pressure type Cuff. yes *

Cuff inflation and deflation
through a one-way valve
management with a
sensitive pilot balloon.

yes *

Flange at the distal end with
holes.

yes *

Distal end should have a
15mm termination for
connection to a standard
circuit mount.

yes *

Provide tapes for securing
at the neck.

yes *

Patient end of the tube
rounded and smooth

yes *

Pilot baloon with one
way valve

Yes Yes

Obtulator with hole YES *

MARKING Radio opaque line on the
Tube.

yes *

I.D of the tube clearly
marked on the pilot
balloon and tube

yes yes

PACKING Packing Blister Pack *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/BHd9TEPtmGCsES_YOny_Q0YwqZhAJgEpUnTGxhh2iI0


 

CERTIFICATIONS Certification - *

Product conformity
certificate is to be provided
to the buyer when required

Yes *

Manufacturing Drug Licence Yes *

Drug License No - *

Drug License Date - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Keerthi A 500038,ESIC SSH SANATHNAGAR 10  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid, the Inspection

Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by it, as Reference Sample to each
consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for comparing the lot received at consignee end with such
reference sample. Such reference samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall
be borne by the Buyer.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

