












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711071

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Information And Broadcasting

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Prasar Bharati Broadcasting Corporation Of India

Office Name South Zone

Total Quantity 15

Item Category Portable Voice Recorder

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 14400

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

                               1 / 6



 

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
ADG E M
O/o ADG(E)(SZ),AIR & TV, Swami Sivananda Salai, Chennai 600005.
(Additional Director General)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Portable Voice Recorder ( 15 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Application / Type Application To record audio from
meetings,
conversations, phone
calls, surveillance, and
other situations where
an unobtrusive way of

To record audio from
meetings,
conversations, phone
calls, surveillance, and
other situations where
an unobtrusive way of

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/F3x81-2v0mzSPosjknZIWfazcHiDjyoagJ3BoqqY30c


 

recording audio is
needed.

recording audio is
needed.

Type Handset Type USB Flash Drive Type,
Pen Type, Key Chain
Type, Handset Type

Microphone System Mono Mono, Stereo, Both
Mono and stereo

Recording System Omni-Directional Directional, Omni-
Directional, Both
Directional and Omni-
Directional

PERFORMANCE Internal Storage
Capacity (Memory
Size)

8 2, 4, 6, 8, 16, 32 Or
higher

Recording Rate /
Sample Rate (kbps)

512 64, 128, 192, 320, 384,
512, 1536 Or higher

Recording Modes Continuous and Voice
Activation (User
Selectable)

Continuous, Voice
Activation, Continuous
and Voice Activation
(User Selectable)

Audio Recording
Format

WAV,MP3 *

Audio pick up range in
optimal conditions

1 *

Interface USB 2.0 *

Compatible Operating
System

Windows,Mac,Android *

BATTERY Battery inclusive in the
scope of supply

Yes *

Battery Type Non-Rechargeable Rechargeable, Non-
Rechargeable

Battery Chemistry Alkaline *

Battery Size, if Non-
Rechargeable Battery

AA *

Battery Voltage - *

Battery Capacity (mah) 2400 *

Battery backup time in
continuous recording
mode

16 *

Battery gets charged
when plugged into any
USB power source

Yes *

FEATURES General Features Built-in Playback facility
,Display;Adjustable
Microphone
Sensitivity,Built-in
Speaker,Built-in

Built-in Playback
facility,
Display;Adjustable
Microphone Sensitivity,
Built-in Speaker, Built-

                               3 / 6



 

Headphoone Jack,Built-
in Microphone input
jack;

in Headphoone Jack,
Built-in Microphone
input jack;, Built-in FM
Radio

Salient Features Records while plugged
in to a computer or
powered USB
port,Audio files can be
played back in any
audio program
including iTunes or
windows media
player,Variable speed
playback,Functions as
USB storage device
also

*

ACCESSORIES Accessories inclusive
in the scope of
supply

USB Cable,SD / Micro
SD Card Slot to expand
memory,User
Manual,Mic Grip
Adapter,Shoe Mount
adapter,Carry case

Lanyard, USB Cable, SD
/ Micro SD Card Slot to
expand memory, User
Manual, NA, Mic Grip
Adapter, Shoe Mount
adapter, Carry case

GENERIC Body Material Metallic *

Overall Dimensions (L x
B x H) (mm x mm x
mm)

- *

Weight - *

OPERATIONAL
ENVIRONMENT

Minimum
OperatingTemperature

0 *

Maximum
OperatingTemperature

55 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity, Non
Condensing

90 *

WARRANTY/CERTIFICAT
ION

Warranty 1 1, 2, 3

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Natarajan R 600005,Office of ADG E SZ
AIR n DOORDARSHAN
Swamy Sivananda Salai

4  60

                               4 / 6



 

Chennai 600005

2 P Rajni Kanth
Reddy

506009,All India Radio,
K.U.Cross Roads,
Vidyaranyapuri,
Hanamakonda, Warangal ,
Telangana - 506009.

4  60

3 Karanam Rama
Mohan

515001,All India Radio,
Bangalore Road, Near
Collector office, ANANTAPUR
-515001(ANDHRA PRADESH)

2  60

4 Sudarshan Govula 518003,ALL INDIA RADIO,
Bellary road, KURNOOL –
518 003 (A.P)

2  60

5 Kannan S 620001,All India Radio
Bharathidasan Salai,
Cantonment, Tiruchirappalli,
Tamil Nadu 620001

3  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

                               5 / 6



 

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

10.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of 
ADG(E)(SZ),AIR & DD,Chennai-5  payable at State Bank of India.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

11.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of ADG(E)(SZ),AIR & DD,Chennai-5  payable at State Bank of India. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

