












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705899

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Coalfields Limited

Office Name Central Coalfields Limited

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Weightlifting Discs

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                               1 / 4



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Weightlifting Discs ( 2 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

UTILITY Utility Training Competition, Training

DESCRIPTION OF
COMPETITION DISC

Mass of Disc,
maximum width of
disc , Maximum
diameter of Disc and
Colour of
Competition disc

15 kg, 4.3 cm, 45cm,
Yellow

15 kg, 4.3 cm, 45cm,
Yellow

DESCRIPTION OF
TRAINING DISC

Mass of Disc,
maximum width of
disc , Maximum
diameter of Disc and
Colour of Training
disc

15 kg, 4.3 cm, 45cm,
Black Disc with Yellow
Rim

15 kg, 4.3 cm, 45cm,
Black Disc with Yellow
Rim

MATERIAL Material of Discs of
mass 10 kg and
above

Metal with Rubber
Coating on both sides
with permanent colour

Metal with Rubber
Coating on both sides
with permanent colour

Material of Discs of
mass less than 10 kg

Metal Metal

INTERNAL DIAMETER Internal Diameter of
Discs

Discs shall fit properly
in Sleeve Area of
Weightlifting Bar

*

MARKING Marking on all Discs All discs must be
clearly marked with the
weight in kg

*

Training Disc Marking Shall be marked with
"Training "

*

CERTIFICATIONS Product confirming
to International/
National Federation
requirements like
International Weight
Lifting Federation (
IWF )/ Indian
Weightlifting

No Yes, No

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/kj5euJUKIMb7z8wm8IKxNmSPZZfT1YfdiFdSY9ouAj4


 

Federation ( IWLF )

Certification from
International/ National
Federations like
International Weight
Lifting Federation ( IWF
)/ Indian Weightlifting
Federation ( IWLF )

- *

Date upto which
certfication is valid

- *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply ( hint:
Applicable in case of
orders placed
against bid and not
applicable in case of
Direct Buying )

No No, Not Applicable

WARRANTY Warranty 2 years 2 years
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shailja Pathak 829103,Central Stores,
Central Coalfields Limited,
Barkakana, Ramgarh

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given

                               3 / 4



 

opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

