












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704199

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Lucknow Nagar Nigam

Total Quantity 400

Item Category Waste containers and accessories - Domestic

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 199980

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Enviroment Engineer
Lucknow Nagar Nigam, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities - eServices
to citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Pankaj Bhushan)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Waste Containers And Accessories - Domestic ( 400 pieces )

                               2 / 5



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Utility (Waste container
for)

Domestic *

Material Stainless steel Stainless steel

Bin capacity (in
Litres)

80 80

Container shall be
supply with Lid

Swing type Swing type

Wheel Dimension in
(mm) (Diameter x
Thickness ) (mm x mm)
- Must declare

- *

"Weight of Dustbin
(Complete unit) (in
Grams) - Must be
declare"

- *

Color of the
container

Other than Green/Blue Green, Blue, Other than
Green/Blue, NA for
Metal/Steel

Wheel Lock Yes Yes, No

Load carrying Capacity
(Kgs) - Must be declare

- *

Wall Non- Perforated Non- Perforated,
Perforated

Handle Without With, Without

Wheel Without Without

Wheel material - Must
declare

- *

Towage Provision No No

Gripping provision Both Frontal and
Central

Frontal, Ventral, Both
Frontal and Central

Plugged Outlet for
Washing and
Draining

With With, Without

No. of compartments
in the Bin

Twin Bin Twin Bin

Dust Bin Stand With stand With stand

UV Resistant Yes Yes, No

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central

Yes *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/zx_VBCxoKQ07B1XKni7kcLcCUXc7WpytKJxech3avck


 

government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity of the
specification

Test report number -
Must declare

- *

Report date - Must
declare

- *

Name of lab - Must
declare

- *

Address of lab - Must
declare

- *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
by the supplier to the
buyer/consignee on
demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pankaj Bhushan 226001,tirlok nath road
lalbagh

400  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost

                               4 / 5



 

Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

