












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706611

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Power Grid Corporation Of India Limited

Organisation Name Power Grid Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Corporate Office Gurgaon

Total Quantity 30

Item Category Metal Shelving Racks

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  23 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank ICICI

                               1 / 4



 

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 2
(a). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
IFSC Code :ICIC0003406
Corporate Office Gurgaon, POWER GRID Corporation OF INDIA Limited, POWER GRID Corporation OF
INDIA Limited, Ministry of Power Ac no 340605000290 AC address OB 26 GRID BHAWAN, RAIL HEAD
COMPLEX BAHU PLAZA, Jammu
(Powergrid)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Metal Shelving Racks ( 30 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Type OPEN TYPE OPEN TYPE

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/CcS2eoee8klLuTNcNmxrI6AXj-Pdbwwy9_C-Ca9lS-w


 

Pigeon Holes without *

Number of
Shelves/Compartments
(Top / Ceiling Shelf -
not to be counted)

4 *

MATERIAL Shelves Material 0.8 mm Thick MS Sheet
Conforming to
Commercial Quality
CR-1, Grade 340 of IS
513

0.8 mm Thick MS Sheet
Conforming to
Commercial Quality
CR-1, Grade 340 of IS
513

M S Sheet Thickness of
Shelves and Back
(Minimum) in mm

0.7 *

Sides, Back and
Partition Wall Thickness
(Minimum) (mm)

NA *

Angle Posts Material
and size

Rolled steel angle posts
of 55 X 45 X 1.6 mm

*

DIMENSION Depth in mm (±5
mm)

800 800

Width in mm (±5
mm)

1800 mm (with suitable
support)

1800 mm (with suitable
support)

Height in mm (±5
mm)

2200 2200

Bin Strip Height in mm
(±1 mm)

Not Provided *

CERTIFICATION Conformity to Indian
Standard

NOT AS PER IS *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

Yes *

MISC Number of Pigeon
Holes Equally Spaced in
Each Row

na *

Paint Powder coated with
Lead Free Paint

Powder coated with
Lead Free Paint

Colour Oxford Blue +
galvanised and Deep
orange combination

*

Packing Stretch Wrappring :
Damage free
Recyclable Packing

*

No of Gussets 4 *

Ground Clearance in
mm (+/- 2 mm)

130 mm *

Label Holder No *

WARANTEE WARANTEE PERIOD 1 1

                               3 / 4



 

IN NUMBER OF
YEARS

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gian Chand
Kapoor

134118,Power Grid
Corporation of India Limited,
400/220kV S/S CONST. SITE,
Panchkula Village Naggal,
The. Barwala, Distt-
Panchkula, Haryana-134118

30  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

