












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/694607

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 15-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 15-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Arunachal Pradesh

Department Name Home Department Arunachal Pradesh

Organisation Name Arunachal Pradesh Police

Office Name Police Head Quarters

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Weight Belts with weights ( Diving Instruments or
Accessories)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 4



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Weight Belts With Weights ( Diving Instruments Or Accessories) ( 4
pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC To attach weight to
divers to adjust
buoyancy during
diving operation

Yes Yes

Constructional Mass of Lead weight One set of 1 kg & 2 Kg
having 4 weight of
each size

One set of 1 kg & 2 Kg
having 4 weight of
each size

Numbers of each
weight

1 set 1 set

Material of Weight Made of Lead *

Waist Belt Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1rEZ2Me_XAwY6qMvI3aHYAiC4PZbtQmr4zRabZRf5IQ


 

Length of Waist Belt Adjustable from 30" to
45" inch

*

Thickness of Waist Belt 3 *

Waist Belt Material Nylone Fabric *

Waist Belt Buckle
Material

Fibre or non corrosive
soft material

*

Color of Waist Belt Black *

Pockets for Weight in
Waist Belt

6 nos Pockets made of
similar material with
pocket flap with Velcro
/ Quick Fix Button to
close pocket to
accommodate 4 nos
lead weight of 1 &2 kg
each

*

CERTIFICATION Availability of Type
Test Report to prove
conformity of
parameters to the
specification from any
ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central Govt
Lab

Yes *

Test Report Number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab where
test Conducted

- *

Callibration of weight
from weight &
Measurement

Yes *

Test Reports to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

Warranty Period 2 2.0

Service Life
warranty at
consignee end

5 5.0

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               3 / 4



 

1 Bomken Basar 791111,O/o Director General
of Police, Police Head
Quarters, Chandranagar,
Itanagar, District
Papumpare, Arunachal
Pradesh

4  20

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

