












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712661
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Central Railway Hq Stores Deptt.

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Executive Table

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  40000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 5



 

meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Executive Table ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of supply Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At Consignee
Site By The Seller

Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At Consignee
Site By The Seller

Frame type Free standing *

Understructure of table Four legs *

Storage provided Both side Both side

Keyboard tray Provided Provided

Foot rest Provided Provided

MATERIAL Table top Material Commercial Block Board MR
Grade Conforming to IS
1659

Commercial Block Board MR
Grade Conforming to IS
1659

Gable end and modesty
panel material

Commercial Block Board
BWP grade Conforming to IS
1659

Commercial Block Board
BWP grade Conforming to IS
1659

Leg Material NO LEGS NO LEGS

MISC Table top long sides Edge to be banded with PVC
tape of 2mm thick with the
help of hot melt glue

*

Table top plain sides Edge to be banded with PVC
tape of 2mm thick with the
help of hot melt glue

*

Gable end and modesty
panel plain side

Edge to be banded with PVC
tape of 2mm thick with the
help of hot melt glue

*

Number of buffers provided 4 Nos. at bottom *

DIMENSION Thickness of table top ±2
mm

25 25.0

Thickness of gable end and
modesty panel ±2mm

25 *

Length of table top ±10
mm

1800 1800.0

Depth of table ±10 mm 850 850.0

Height of table ±10 mm 725 725.0

Dimension of
leg(mmXmm) ±5mm

40mmX40mm 40mmX40mm

STORAGE UNIT Number of Storage unit
provided

Double storage Double storage

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/HA4SI3NKN-hywUG690wlTGc0k0cY2BVynwY819DKo3A


 

Width of storage unit
±10mm

450mm *

Depth of storage unit in mm
(±10mm)

700 *

Height of smallest storage
unit ±5mm

125mm *

Height of medium storage
unit ±5mm

175mm *

Height of largest storage
unit ±5mm

305mm *

KEYBOARD TRAY Type of keyboard tray N.A *

Material of keyboard tray
and Right angle L-type
supporting bracket

N.A *

Keyboard adjustablity N.A *

fixing of supporting bracket With telescopic *

Length of telescopic
channe±l0mm

250mm *

Average weight of
telescopic channel ±50Gms

500Gms per set *

Keyboard front
width±10mm

N.A *

Keyboard depth±10mm N.A *

Keyboard height±10mm N.A *

Finish of exposed edges of
keyboard tray

N.A *

Material thickness of
keyboard tray ±1mm

1mm *

FOOTREST Material of footrest N.A *

Length of footrest ±10mm N.A *

Depth of footrest ±10mm N.A *

Height of footrest ±10mm N.A *

Finish of exposed edges N.A *

Material thickness of
footrest ±2mm

25mm 25mm

COLOUR & FINISH Table top finish Laminate in colour with
matt finish 0.6-0.8mm
thickness of type S,F or P
having index no.3.2.3
conforming to IS
2046/Latest with having
balancing laminate of
0.5mm thick on other side

*

Table top shade Teak *

WARRANTY Warrantee period in
number of years

1 1

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand

YES *

Product having BIFMA
certification

YES YES

OEM of offered product YES YES

                               3 / 5



 

is ISO 9001:2015
certified

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

YES YES

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

YES YES

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pravindra Vasudeo
Wanjari

413001,DRM OFFICE CENTRAL
RAILWAY SOLAPUR

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and has at least 5 years
residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-life by the OEM before this period.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6.Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement by some foreign
governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not allowed to participate in this bid in
terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

8.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

10.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

11.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

12.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
14.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25

percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.

                               4 / 5



 

Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.
15.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
16.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /

service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

17.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

18.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

19.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

20.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

