












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709408
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Sashastra Seema Bal (ssb)

Office Name Fhq Ssb New Delhi

Total Quantity 7043

Item Category Jungle Floppy Hat - MHA

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 NITRA

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594721836.pdf

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 5987

                               1 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1785422/1594721836.pdf


 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Deputy Commandant
Frontier Head Quarter, Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB), Tezpur, Assam(784001)
(Navin Kumar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Jungle Floppy Hat - MHA ( 7043 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical Specification of
the product

Jungle Floppy Hat as per QR/
specification approved by
MHA vide letter No.
IV-21011/3/2010 - Prov - I,
Dated: 23/02/2010

*

Specification has been seen
and Understood

Yes *

COLOUR Colour "Dark colour disruptive
(dark green, light green,

*

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/UFwa04L-RuPAF2YJAm0-1mBiZx23pNC6YGU-TVy3NA4


 

khaki & black)"

SIZE Size Assorted Size and as per
buyer's requirement

Assorted Size and as per
buyer's requirement

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from Designated
AHSP/ NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specifications

Yes Yes

Test report no - *

Test report date - *

Name of lab - *

address of lab - *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand, if
claimed to be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s) for
buyer's approval before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Abhijit Sarkar 784026,O/O The Commandant,
68th Bn, SSB Debendra Nagar

7043  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3

                               3 / 5



 

year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are
validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

7.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): NITRA
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: A Board of Officials at Consignee's
Location.

8.Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised Inspecting officers /
empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's risk with pre-
dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment, components , solutions and documentation
conform to contractual requirements. If an institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to
appoint / nominate their own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in term of percentage
which is 1.5 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a right before payment or acceptance to
inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When
the seller is required or authorized to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival.
Expenses of inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods do not
conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for inspection charges as applicable
and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies to contractual specification etc , on production of
payment receipt issued by inspection agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency specifying the place
where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of such notice notify to the seller the date
and time when the stores would be inspected. The seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting
officer , all reasonable facilities and such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the
stores are being and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection of consignment shall
be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance of every kind which
the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination, other than special or independent test,
which he shall require to be made on the seller's premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant
thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his premises as the
Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for tests for which seller does not have
the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing outside owing to lack
of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to the buyer the costs incurred in the
inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for
similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or any part thereof to
such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing specification . The seller shall not be entitled to
object on any ground whatsoever to the method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials expended in test will be
borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment . The Inspecting officer’s
decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to mark all the approved
stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

9.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid, the Inspection
Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by it, as Reference Sample to each
consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for comparing the lot received at consignee end with such
reference sample. Such reference samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall
be borne by the Buyer.

10.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Lab Test report of Govt./NABL accredited lab for this product mentioned
under column Bid requirement..

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

