












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705580

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of Principal Chief Materials Manager, South
Western Railway, Hubli

Total Quantity 24

Item Category tufted carpeting

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Tufted Carpeting ( 24 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 4



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Conforming to Indian
Standard

IS: 5884: 1993: Latest *

Dimension Length X Width (cm) 60 X 90 60 X 90

Construction Back-Coating Synthetic Synthetic

Backing fabric Blended Blended

Secondary backing No No

Secondary backing
material

Not applicable if no
secondary backing is
provided

Not applicable if no
secondary backing is
provided

Mass (g/sq.m) 1800 1800

Pile Pile type Cut Cut

Pile yarn material Blended Blended

Pile yarn material name
and % composition ( if
blended )

- *

Pile yarn spun Semi-worsted Semi-worsted

Pile Density
(Minimum 50
gms/sq.m/mm pile
thickness)
(gms/sq.m/mm pile
thickness)

50 50

Pile Thickness
(Minimum 3 mm Pile
thickness ) (mm)

10 10

Colour and Design Colour/ Design As agreed between
buyer and seller

*

Other Requirement Moth resistance
treatment (Rendered
for carpet containing
wool)

No No

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

YES *

Test report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/AAxis4EYoQaWQFQTORyCoCV7tiXoEwKyczg-YsvqRN0


 

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anurag Singh 580020,O/o Sr.Divisional
Manager South Western
Railway Divisional Office
Hubli Division

24  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given

to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               3 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

http://www.tcpdf.org

