












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714322
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Tripura

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Tripura

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Directorate Of Health Services, Agartala

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Steam Sterlizer

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 4



 

Steam Sterlizer ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Construction Type of Steriliser VERTICAL CYLINDRICAL
Steam Steriliser Pressure
type, Steriliser Chamber
size: 300 mm (Diameter) x
500 mm (Length),
conforming to IS: 3829 (Part
3)/1985, reaffirmed 2001,
with amendment 1 & 2,
fitted with Silicon door
gasket( expansion
type).Electric load of the
unit shall be 4 KW.

VERTICAL CYLINDRICAL
Steam Steriliser Pressure
type, Steriliser Chamber
size: 300 mm (Diameter) x
500 mm (Length),
conforming to IS: 3829 (Part
3)/1985, reaffirmed 2001,
with amendment 1 & 2,
fitted with Silicon door
gasket( expansion
type).Electric load of the
unit shall be 4 KW.

Steam supply to
Steriliser

Direct Steam Operation
from an external source

Direct Steam Operation
from an external source

Material: Steriliser parts;
Chamber, Jacket, Door,
Door Ring and shall be
made of

SS 304 SS 304

Type of control Manual through indt. switch
based

Manual through indt. switch
based

CONSTRUCTION Instruction plate on Steam
Steriliser advising user to
use soft water for steam
generation for long service
life of Steam Steriliser

YES *

Whether a compatible
water softener/reversed
osmosis based system to
feed water to the steam
generator unit is to be
supplied with the
steriliser:

No No

Provision of Lock on
Steriliser Chamber door:

Manual Lock Manual Lock

Installation The site ready for
installation equipped with
water supply, electric
connection cabling and
drainage outlet shall be
provided by Buyer. The
Seller shall be responsible
to carry out for installation
of the offered Steam
Steriliser unit on turnkey
basis i.e. Any civil work
required for installation of
the ordered equipment i.e. f
looring/tilling/plastering/Pain
t and/or wood work shall be
Seller’s responsibility. The
Seller shall also provide
training to personnel of
buyer.

*

Type of Door: Hinged type Hinged type

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/qMAvfDlKCXtznZ94rmLzdPvqujbDFBd055R2dt3YIW8


 

Display facility for
Sterilisation Cycle
parameters

Low water
indicator,Chamber
Temperature

Chamber Temperature, Low
water indicator

Print facility for record
generation of dates,
time, load, identification
number and operating
parameters
(temperature and
holding time etc):

Yes, port given to connect
an external Printer Unit

Yes, port given to connect
an external Printer Unit

Warranty Period 3 3, 5 Or higher

No of Doors in Steriliser 1 1

Whether Type Test
Certificate from a
Govt/NABL/ILAC
approved testing
laboratory is available (If
Yes, to be furnished by
Seller to Buyer on
demand) for the offered
product?

No Yes, No

Type of user friendly
Interface (for
microprocessor
controlled Sterilizer) to
specify parameters for
running Sterilization
cycle:

NA NA

Data Transfer facility
through USB /RS232 port
to computer/laptop on
real time basis

No Yes, No

Air removal from
Sterilisation chamber, after
loading the steriliser, by on
for more pressure/vacuums
pulsing for proper steam
penetration

YES *

Integrated Shredder Facility Integrated Shredder (for
shredding the load in
Sterilisation chamber)

Not available Not available

Material: Shredder parts; SS 304 SS 304

Power of Motor used for
Shredding

NA, no integrated Shredder
unit offered

NA, no integrated Shredder
unit offered

Accessories (made of SS
316) for loading/unloading
and handling of Load

Number of Rails: 0 0, 2 Or higher

Long Handle: 1 1

Sterilisation Carriages 1 1, 2 Or higher

Pull out Trays/Tanks 2 2

Floor loading carts 0 0, 2 Or higher

Transfer carriages: 0 0, 1, 2 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 4



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SAMARPITA DUTTA 799006,Kunjaban, Agartala 1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
3.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid

Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

