












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44548

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Northern Coalfields Limited

Office Name Ri V, Cmpdi, Bilaspur (cg), Central Zone

Total Quantity 8

Item Category Sound Level Meter/Noise Level Meter(Sound
measuring apparatus or decibel meter)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Estimated RA Value  3200000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 64000

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 27

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Assistant Manager (E&M)
RI V, CMPDI, CMPDI Complex, Seepat Road, Bilaspur-495006 (C.G)
(Bandi Joseph Anil Kumar)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Sound Level Meter/Noise Level Meter(Sound Measuring Apparatus Or
Decibel Meter) ( 8 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

POWER SOURCE Power Source Rechargeable batteries Rechargeable
batteries, Alkaline
Batteries (Non-
Rechargeable)

Battery Size AA *

Battery Chemistry Li-ion *

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/JJc50QVbf7p9atrMSVJbVDIqiMamtUOwJEuGgQr-Kyg


 

Number of Batteries
required for operation

3 *

Number of Batteries
Inclusive in the Scope
of Supply

3 *

Battery capacity(mAH) 2100 *

Batteries required for
operation are inclusive
in the scope of supply

Yes *

Battery Life 10 *

APPLICATION/TYPE/PER
FORMANCE

Application Used to assess outdoor
noise or sound
level/Monitoring Noise
due vehicular traffic

*

Minimum level of
noise/sound
Measuring (dB)

30 30, 35, 40, 45, 50 Or
lower

Maximum level of
noise/sound
Measuring (dB)

140 80, 90, 100, 110, 120,
130, 140, 150 Or
higher

Resolution (dB) 0.1 0.01, 0.1 Or lower

Accuracy of dB meter
(dB)

±0.5 *

Frquency Band 1/1 Octave *

NO of steps 3 *

Performance categories
(class) of dB meter as
per IEC 61672
-1(Latest) /
IS:15575/(Pt1 & Pt2)

Class-1 *

Type of micro phone Condenser *

Microphone size 1/2" *

Ferquency weighings
Curve (Mention like A,
C, & Linear(Z))

A *

STORAGE Inbuilt Data Storage 0.5 GB *

External Storage type SD Card *

External Storage
capacity(inclusive in
the scope of supply)

2 GB *

PRINTER Portable Wireless
Printer

With With, Without

Technology of the
wireless Printer

NA *

Wireless Printer
consists of Inbuilt

Yes *

                               3 / 8



 

Rechargeable Battery,
Paper for offence
printouts, Charger

Minimum no of
printouts that can be
taken with the paper
available with the
Printer

500 *

SOFTWARE Software License Perceptual *

Software Compatiblity
with Operating System

Compatible with
Windows or higher
version operating
system

*

Software Features Indicate Leq. Ln., SEL,
Lmin, Lmax and Graph
of dB/Time

*

DISPLAY Display TFT LCD, LED, TFT, OLED,
NA for analog Display

Size of display screen 240 *

Number of Digit 6 *

GENERIC Alha-Numeric full
QWERTY Hard Keypad

Yes *

Material ABS *

Construction Rugged Die Cast
Aluminum reflection
free housing

*

Sampling Second 1 *

Dimension LxWxH (mm
x mm x mm)

- *

Weight of device - *

Connectivity to PC USB,RS232 *

FEATURES Salient Features Slow time
weighting,fast time
weighting,impulse time
weighting,True
RMS,Built in data
logging
system,Automatic
calibration using
acoustic
calibrator,Vehicular
traffic
monitoring,Monitoring
of normal Ambient
Noise,GPS inbuilt,Audio
Recording,Data Hold
functions,Knob
system,printing graph
data function,Tripod

*

                               4 / 8



 

Mouning functions

Display Features Sunlight-readable
Display

*

Indicator Features Overload and under
range indication

*

ACCESSORIES Accessories Microphone,Briefcase
type carrying case,Win
dshield,Operation
Manual,Acoustic
calibrator,Microphone
Extension Cable,Tripod

field calibration unit,
Microphone, Briefcase
type carrying case,
Windshield, Operation
Manual, Acoustic
calibrator, screwdriver
for calibration,
Microphone Extension
Cable, Tripod,
Calibrator having :- (1)
Calibrator Level(dB)
(Dual range-94 dB and
114dB) (2) Calibrator
Frequency(1khz) (3)
Calibrator Accuracy (+-
0.3Db) (4) Calibrator
should have
traceability/certificate
from authorized
Independent and
Accredited Lab
according to the
IEC616724: 2013
Acoustic standards

WARRANTY WARRANTY 24 12, 24 Or higher

OPERATING
ENVIRONMENT

Minimum Operating
Temperature

-10 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

50 *

Opeating Humidity 80 *

Ingress Protection IP 66 *

CERTIFICATION Conforming to Genrally conforming to
IEC 61672-1(latest)

*

Calibration Certificate
provided

Yes *

Calibration Certificate
issuing authority

OEM Certificate *

TEST REPORT Type of lab which
carried out Test of
Complete Product to
prove the conformity of
product as per
specification

Govt Lab *

Test Report Number
and Date

- *

                               5 / 8



 

Name and address of
the Lab where Test
conducted

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bandi Joseph Anil
Kumar

495006,REGIONAL
INSTITUTE V, CENTRAL MINE
PLANNING &amp; DESIGN
INSTITUTE LIMITED, SECL
COMPLEX, SIPAT ROAD

8  60 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant
policy.

3.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

4.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:

                               6 / 8



 

 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

5.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Not required
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: By the inspection
team of buyer organization

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

9.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Sample of calibration
certificate of tendered items issued by NABL accredited laboratory.

13.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

14.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

15.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of CMPDI,
REGIONAL INSTITUTE payable at BILASPUR (CG).
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

16.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of CMPDI, REGIONAL
INSTITUTE payable at BILASPUR (CG).
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

17.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name CMPDI, RI BILASPUR Account No. 10316091328 IFSC Code SBIN0007258

                               7 / 8



 

Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA Branch address SECL, BILASPUR, SECL COMPLEX, SEEPAT
ROAD, BILASPUR 495006 (C.G).
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

18.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of CMPDI, REGIONAL INSTITUTE payable at BILASPUR (C.G). After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

19.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per
normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: Microphone, Carrying Case, Wind Shield, Operation Manual, Acoustic
Calibrator, Microphone extension cable, Tripod.

20.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

21.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 
Replacement of all defective parts free of cost (Upload an undertaking with the bid
confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM
is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder
undertaking)

22.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

23.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

