












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713320
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 2000

Item Category Infrared Medical Thermometer For Measuring Body Temperature

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  49 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  49 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 295484

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

                               1 / 6



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director
Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , CH Rd, Sector 10B, Sector 17, Gandhinagar, Gujarat 382010
(Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Infrared Medical Thermometer For Measuring Body Temperature ( 2000 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Description Hand Held Digital Infrared
medical thermometer for
measuring body
temperature

*

Purpose Infrared thermometer is a
quick and easy-to-use
method to measure body
temperature

*

Suitable for All age group *

PRODUCT INFORMATION Type of Thermometer Non Contact Infrared
Thermometer

Non Contact Infrared
Thermometer

Body Material of IR
Thermometer

- *

Color of Device - *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/s-RzLwzNUwnXZCFurzrUUrFV2icTyNd5nAu9902CKdk


 

Ergonomic Design Yes *

Temperature display unit Degree Celsius & Degree
Fahrenheit

Degree Celsius & Degree
Fahrenheit

Primary Measurement Mode Body Temperature Mode *

Measuring site for body
temperature

Ear & Forehead *

Lowest measurable
temperature for body Mode

32°C (89.6°F) or Lower *

Highest measurable
temperature for body Mode

42°C (107.6°F) or Higher *

Accuracy of measurement
for body temperature in °C
(±)

0.2 *

Accuracy of measurement
for body temperature in °F
(±)

0.2 *

Additional measurement
modes available

Surface Temperature
Mode,Room Temperature
mode,NA

*

Lowest measurable
temperature for surface
mode

0°C (32 °F) or Lower *

Highest measurable
temperature for surface
mode

60°C (140 °F) or Higher *

Accuracy of measurement
for surface temperature in
°C (±)

0.5°C *

Accuracy of measurement
for surface temperature in
°F (±)

0.5°F *

Lowest measurable
temperature for room
temperature mode

0°C (32 °F) or Lower *

Highest measurable
temperature for room
temperature mode

50°C (122 °F) or Higher *

Sensor Type Thermal Sensor *

Display Resolution 0.1°C/0.1°F *

Response Time 0.5 *

Measuring distance for non
contact type IR
thermometer

5 cm or better *

Number of recent readings
that can be stored

32 *

Built-in laser pointer Yes *

Laser sighting Single point laser *

Laser class Class I *

Weight of device with
battery

- *

Dimensions of device (mm x
mm x mm)

- *

                               3 / 6



 

DISPLAY Display Type LCD Display *

Backlit Display Yes Yes

Display size 2 *

FEATURES Features available Interchangeable Celsius &
Fahrenheit modes,Low
battery indicator,Auto
power on,Trigger/Button for
operation,Auto power off
when not in use,Display of
previous reading on screen
with current reading,Sound
indication when the
thermometer is ready to
take or show the
temperature,Audible alarm
for fever,Different backlight
colours to differentiate
between the fever
ranges,Silent mode,Auto
hold function,Waterproof
lens easy to clean and
disinfect,Data transfer
facility of other devices
through
USB/Bluetooth/WiFI/RS
232,Limit value for the
adjustable alarm as
programmable

Interchangeable Celsius &
Fahrenheit modes, Low
battery indicator, Auto
power on, Trigger/Button for
operation, Auto power off
when not in use, Display of
previous reading on screen
with current reading, Sound
indication when the
thermometer is ready to
take or show the
temperature, Audible alarm
for fever, Different backlight
colours to differentiate
between the fever ranges,
Silent mode, Auto hold
function, Waterproof lens
easy to clean and disinfect,
Data transfer facility of
other devices through
USB/Bluetooth/WiFI/RS 232,
Limit value for the
adjustable alarm as
programmable

POWER SOURCE Power source Non Rechargeable Battery Non Rechargeable Battery

Battery chemistry Li-ion *

Battery size, if Non
Rechargeable Battery

9 Volt Rectangular Battery *

Number of batteries
required for operation

1 *

Number of batteries
supplied (Inclusive in the
scope of supply)

1 *

Nominal voltage of each
battery (V)

- *

Battery capacity (mAH) - *

ACCESSORIES Accessories Provided Carry Bag/case,User Manual
in English,Probe cover,Data
transfer software

*

ENVIRONMENTAL
CONDITIONS

Minimum operating
temperature

0 *

Maximum operating
temperature

50 *

Maximum operating relative
humidity (non condensing)

90 *

Minimum storage
temperature

0 *

Maximum storage
temperature

50 *

Ingress Protection IP 65 *

PACKING The supplier/vendor shall
ensure proper and adequate
packing of IR thermometer

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

to prevent damage in
transporting, handling and
storage

CERTIFICATIONS & REPORTS Availability of conformity
certificate of IR
thermonmeter to prove
conformity to the declared
specifications from OEM

Yes *

Availability of calibration
certificate for each device
from OEM

Yes *

Product certifications US-FDA *

Compliance to standards IEC 61326-2 or Equivalent
BIS,IEC 60825-1 or
Equivalent BIS,IEC 61010-1
or Equivalent BIS,ROHS

*

Manufacturer certifications ISO:9001,ISO:13485 *

Submission of all necessary
certifications to the buyer
along with supplies

Yes *

TRAINING The supplier/vendor shall
provide free of cost training
to the personnel in
operation if required by the
buyer

Yes *

WARRANTY Warranty 3 3 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prajapati Srushti
Rushikumar

382010,Gujarat Medical Services
Corporation Limited, Block No
14/1, Dr Jivraj Mehta Bhavan,
Sector-10

2000  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Managing Director, Gujarat
Medical Services Corporation limited,  payable at Gandhinagar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in Beneficiary name 
Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited,  Account No. 32638352973 IFSC Code 
SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address NSC Branch, Gandhinagar..
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line
transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer along with bid.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

                               5 / 6



 

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM shall have to provide
Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period as per contract. : The comprehensive
warranty shall be covering the following scope Free replacement of parts (Upload an undertaking with the bid
confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of
this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

10.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

11.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft also (besides
PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in favour of Managing Director, Gujarat Medical
Services Corporation limited payable at Gandhinagar. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload
scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer
within 15 days of award of contract.

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online through RTGS / internet
banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-line payment shall be in Beneficiary name 
Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited Account No. 32638352973 IFSC Code 
SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address NSC Branch, Gandhinagar.. Successful Bidder to
indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of
award of contract.

14.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

16.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

