












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707099

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Jammu And
Kashmir

Organisation Name Government Medical College

Office Name Govt Medical College Baramulla

Total Quantity 22

Item Category Microscopes - Pathological and Research ( PAC Only
) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  11 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  11 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 4



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Microscopes - Pathological And Research ( 22 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make olympus

Model cx23

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

CONFORMITY / TYPE /
EYE PIECE - OBJECTIVE
DETAILS

Microscope Type pathological binocular
non hinged type with
built in light and with
light intensity regulator

pathological binocular
non hinged type with
built in light and with
light intensity regulator

Conformity to Indian
Standard

Pathological IS:4381
latest

*

ISI MARKED No No

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Dj6KyiaJTU9_u3P9XyxxnK2JhhvN-Yx85m4fYfWORbA


 

C/ML No ( BIS License
No)

NA *

Eye piece Type Compensating Compensating

Binocular Eye pieces
Confirming to the
requirements of IS:
8275/1976 ( latest)

yes *

Eye Piece with
magnification

Set of Two For
Binocular 10x

Set of Two For
Binocular 10x

Objective Type semiapochromatic semiapochromatic

Objective
Magnification

100X 100X

Numerical Apperture
of Objective

1.25 1.25

Type of lamp for
Illumination

led *

GENERIC Plano Concave mirror
attachment

NA *

Stage Ractangular *

Size of Stage 76MM X 30MM *

Coarse and Fine
Movement of stage

yes *

Co-axial focussing Yes *

Micrometer
Arrangement

Yes *

ACCESSORIES Extra eyepieces
(inclusive in the
scope of supply)

NA NA

Carrying case (inclusive
in the scope of supply)

No *

WARRANTY Warranty 5 5 Or higher

CERTIFICATION Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

No *

Test Report No and
Date

NA *

Name and Address of
the Lab

NA *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 4



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Abdul Hameed
Kuthoo

193101,Govt Medical
College Baramulla

22  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

