












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699303

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nhpc Ltd., Chutak Power Station

Total Quantity 100

Item Category hand gloves woolen knitted

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 4



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Hand Gloves Woolen Knitted ( 100 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specfication Conforming to QR/
Specification approved
by MHA vide letter No.
U-II-25/ 2011-12- Prov-
(CoBRA) dt 11-2-2013.
Specification
obtainable from
Directorate General of
Police, CRPF, Ministry
of Home, Block No-1,
CGO Complex, Lodhi
Road, New Delhi-03.

*

Size Size Medium Medium

Width across palm 11 cm for medium 11 cm for medium

Overall Length 26 cm for medium 26 cm for medium

Depth of Cuff 7 cm for medium 7 cm for medium

Total No of Wales 72 for medium 72 for medium

Material Base Fabric Plain Knitted on Palm &
Finger and 2X2 rib on
cuff

*

Material composition 80 percentage wool
and 20 percentage
Nylon

*

Wool grade (minimum) 58s *

Colour Colour Khaki *

Any other shade as per
buyer's requirements

- *

Colour fastness to
Washing- Change in

4 or better *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/dG7d_6AeWKvTNiEpM7lKzUB0FaIBRs0IYFrcgeNV4cg


 

colour and staining on
adjacent fabric

Colour Fastness to
Light

4 or better *

Mass Mass of 10 pairs 820 gms for medium 820 gms for medium

Test Report Availability of Test
Report

No No

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

No No

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Binod Kumar
Singh

194103,Chutak Power
Station, Minji, Kargil,
Laddakh

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 1 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

2.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

3.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.

                               3 / 4



 

ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

