












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/45522

  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Lucknow Nagar Nigam

Total Quantity 382

Item Category Disinfection System- Spraying type

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 79265

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Enviroment Engineer
Lucknow Nagar Nigam, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities - eServices
to citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Pankaj Bhushan)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Disinfection System- Spraying Type ( 382 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 5



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Requirements Machine Type Back pack unit with
pump, battery and
storage tank along with
spray gun with
connecting hose

*

Material of machine HDPE tank with
Stainless steel sprayer
Lance

*

Length of Sparyer
Lance (in mm

292 *

Min water tank
capacity (liters)

15 *

Chemical used is free
from organic solvents
and allergies

Yes *

Chemical used for
disinfection

Calcium Hypo chlorite *

Utility Kills viruses, bacteria,
algae and moulds

*

Form in which chemical
is loaded

Tablet *

Method of loading of
chemical

Through Hypo venturi
system attached with
the gun

*

Hydro Venturi should
have container to hold
jacketed solid
cylindrical tablet

yes *

Type of tablet to be
used in container

compressed solid
jacketed calcium
hypochlorite

*

dia of tablet (in mm)
write zero if NA

47.5 *

Length of tablet (in
mm) write zero if NA

101.8 *

Sanitizer chemical
solution produced by
each tablet(in
Litres)write zero if NA

0.3 *

Calcium Hypo Chlorite
can centra ion in the
spray solution (in PPM)

250 *

Pressure (in bars) 6 *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1idoKmcKTz3v0cK9Bt18CFKqTa9Qufd-PCDXmoczjZM


 

Hydro Venturi system
Material

Aluminium Die cast &
ABS plastic

*

Indicator for the power
On/Battery charging
mode

yes *

Weight of hydro venturi
system (in kgs)

1 *

Spraying capacity with
one tank filling

4 *

Net Weight (In kgs) - *

Batteries Power Source Internal - Rechargeable
Battery with battery
Charge

Internal - Rechargeable
Battery with battery
Charge

Battery Chemistry Lead acid Li-ion, Lead acid

Battery Size
(Alkaline battery)

12 V battery AA, AAA, 9V battery, 12
V battery

Battery Operating
Voltage (individual
battery)

12 *

Number of Batteries
required for
operation

1 1, 2, 3, 4

Battery Operating
Duration (Minimum)
(In hr)

4 3, 4, 8, 12, 16

Battery Charger for
Rechargeable
Batteries inclusive in
the scope of supply

Yes Yes, NA for Alkaline
batteries

Test report Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
confirmity 1 to
specification

YES *

Test Report to be
furnished to the 2
buyer on demand

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               4 / 5



 

1 Pankaj Bhushan 226001,tirlok nath road
lalbagh

382  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope battery
and electronic items (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the
bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this
compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

