












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710954
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd

Organisation Name Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd

Office Name Western Region

Total Quantity 40000

Item Category Taflon Tape

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as defined in
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for
supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary

                               1 / 3



 

evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an
MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in
relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Taflon Tape ( 40000 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Testing laboratory Name &
address(if not applicable
mention NA)

- *

Marking (As per IS 14643 :
1999)

Yes *

ISI/UL marked No Yes, No

Test report number(if not
applicable mention NA)

- *

Name of manufacurer,trade
mark,length,width &
thickness to be printed on
packing or product

Yes *

Specification of White
industrial plumbing taflon
tape conformity to
IS:14643:1999

Yes *

Generic Packing type Piece *

Elongation % 50-60 *

Maximum withstand
temperature

<200 deg Cel *

Minimum withstand
temperature

-250 deg Cel to -200 deg Cel *

Construction Maximum tollerance in
width

+/- 5% *

Application colour of Tape White *

Thickness of Tape, mils 2.5-3 2.5-3

Length of Tape (meter) 15 15

Maximum tollerance in
thickness

+/-10% *

Density, gm/cm3 0.4-0.5 0.3-0.4, 0.4-0.5

Width of Tape 3/4 Inch 3/4 Inch

Residual Lubricant less than
1% by mass

Yes *

Material Virgin PTFE as per
IS 14635

Yes *

In case of NA for length
please mention length in
meter

12 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/DwqGv34uVwVzFc74WBOwuoW4rfjXqVrrICv8A0gaahc


 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Kankana
Bhattacharyya

400702,BPCL LPG BOTTLING
PLANT, NAVGHAR INDUSTRIAL
ESTATE, P.B.NO.8,, DIST.-RAIGAD,
BOKADVIRA, URAN,
MAHARASHTRA - 400702

40000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can

form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total value.

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

7.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Test Certificate with given specifications.

8.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

