












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703838

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Technical Education And Man Power Planning
Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name Directorate Of Technical Education Government Of
Madhya Pradesh Bhopal

Office Name Indira Gandhi Engineering College Sagar Mp

Total Quantity 325

Item Category Classroom Stools

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  32 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  812500

EMD Detail

Required No

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Classroom Stools ( 325 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of supply Assembled ready to
use

Assembled ready to
use

Shape of the Stools Square *

Style of Stools Supported by set of
Legs

Supported by set of
Legs

Design of Stool With four legs and Foot
rest in square shape

With four legs and Foot
rest in square shape

Approval of Advance
sample (in respect of
design)

Yes Yes

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/mrRhR9EkMg4Ap-GC9dsDWdHfRXNA6HrfbbD48txGEWU


 

Stools stand a load
of

100 Kg 100 Kg

MATERIAL Top material Commercial Block
Board MR Grade
Conforming to IS 1659

Commercial Block
Board MR Grade
Conforming to IS 1659

Frame material MS pipe heavy duty MS pipe heavy duty

Leg material 25 mm MS pipe heavy
duty

25 mm MS pipe heavy
duty

Material of
Understructure
supporting the top

MS square section of
25 mm x 25 mm with
1.02 mm (18 gauge)
wall thickness

MS square section of
25 mm x 25 mm with
1.02 mm (18 gauge)
wall thickness

Shoes Material PVC *

DIMENSION &
THICKNESS

Dimension of Top
(length X Breadth)
±10mm

300 mm x 300 mm 300 mm x 300 mm

Height of Stool ±10
mm

600 mm 600 mm

Thickness of top
material (+/-1 mm)

19 mm 19 mm

Thickness of frame
material (+/- 1 mm)

1.02 mm 1.02 mm

Sizes of leg 25 mm X 25 mm *

Thickness of
understructure support
material

1.02 mm *

Cross / Round
/Square /
Rectangular leg
member size

25 mm 25 mm

Distance between Legs
(centre to centre of
legs)

Length of table top
(minus 75 mm) x Width
of table top (minus 75
mm)

*

MISCELLANEOUS connecting of leg Adjacent side of leg *

Number of buffers Four number at bottom *

Welding Joint To be smooth finished -
Sharp edges to be
removed -Free from
objectionable
projection or
irregularities

*

Beeding N.A N.A

Top to be fitted By Round head nut and
bolt inside the
Laminate / Mica

*

Number of Bolt 4 nos. (one each side) *

                               3 / 6



 

Size of Bolt 6 mm dia *

Placements of Nut and
Bolt

37.5 mm inside from
each side edges

*

Iron parts To be without Joint in
length

*

COLOUR & FINISH Table top finish Teak laminate/ply with
polish

*

Paint / Polish Powder coated Powder coated

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years

2 2

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES *

Product having BIFMA
certification

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajendra Prasad 470021,BAHERIYA GADGAD,
JABALPUR ROAD, SAGAR
(M.P.) 470021

325  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings

                               4 / 6

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf


 

within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
12.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from

buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an

                               5 / 6



 

advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

