












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712550
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And Employees Of Urban
Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Khatauli

Total Quantity 50

Item Category wheelbarrows

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Wheelbarrows ( 50 meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/LQkBpVYC5nQktGvP0rLJzHiW3IGB84_UJzhU3906ASU


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Conforming to Indian
Standard

IS 4184: 1967: latest for
Two wheels type Wheel
barrow

IS 2431: 1963: latest for
Single wheel type Wheel
barrow, IS 4184: 1967:
latest for Two wheels type
Wheel barrow

Product ISI Marked No Yes, No

CM/L number - *

Nominal Capacity of
Wheel Barrow

140 Liters (Two Wheel Type
Wheel Barrow)

140 Liters (Two Wheel Type
Wheel Barrow)

Material used for
manufacture

Steel Sheets (Steel sheets
shall be not less than 1.60
mm in thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Steel Sheets (Steel sheets
shall be not less than 1.60
mm in thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Type of chassis frame (Single length of steel tube
of 25 mm nominal bore)

(Single length of steel tube
of 25 mm nominal bore)

Wheel Material C.I. with cushioned
rubberised tyre

C.I. with cushioned
rubberised tyre

Minimum nominal width
of tyre (mm)

50 50

Minimum diameter of the
wheel (mm)

300 300

Minimum bearing length of
axle/spindle

25 mm at each end *

Type of bearing / bush Double Ball Bearing *

Maximum clearance
between the bearing and
axle (mm)

0.5 *

Finish of metal parts Two coats of black
bituminous paint
conforming to IS: 158- latest

*

Finish other than Two coats
of black bituminous paint
and Galvanised

- *

Availability of Test Report
from NABL/ ILAC accredited
or Central Government Lab
to prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand

Yes *

Test report no - *

Test report date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Minimum diameter of the
axle / spindle (mm)

25 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               2 / 3



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rahul Kumar 251201,Nagar Palika Parishad
Khatauli Muzaffarnagar, UP

50  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25

percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

