












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707266

  Dated: 12-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Science And Technology

Department Name Department Of Science And Technology (dst)

Organisation Name Survey Of India Dehradun Uttarakhand

Office Name Surveyor General's Office, Dehradun, Uttarakahnd

Total Quantity 1

Item Category ACTION CAMERAS

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  100000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

ACTION CAMERAS ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TYPE Type of Camera Action camera *

Classification of
Camera

Audio/Video Recording
and Still Photography

*

Application Event
Capture,Adventure
Sports such as skiing,
mountain biking,
Racing, Surfing, Water
sports etc

*

IMAGE SENSOR Image Sensor CMOS CMOS

Sensor Size(inch) 1/2.3 1/2.3

Effective Pixels
(Mega Pixels)

12 12

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/pTwe85odIL1r58Kvau4zbnRL0rJ1c4NCIWsJEuzfWGs


 

ISO sensitivity
(Standard output
Sensitivity) - Minimum

100 *

ISO sensitivity
(Standard output
Sensitivity) - Maximum

800 *

Supported Picture or
image format

JPEG *

OPTICS Lens Mounting Fixed *

Lens Aperture
(f/number)

2 *

Digital Zoom (X) 0 *

Maximum Field of View 180 *

Focus Mode Fixed Focus *

Minimum Focus
Distance

40 *

Minimum iliumination
for capturing colour
image

8 *

Video Recording Maximum Recording
Resolution (Pixels)

5.2 K (5228 x 2624) 5.2 K (5228 x 2624)

Frame Rate for
Recording at
Maximum Resolution
(frames/sec)

30 30

Selectable Frame Rates
(frames/sec)

30,60,120 *

Burst Rates
(frames/sec)

30/2 *

Time Lapse Photo
Intervals (Self-timer)

2,5,10,30,60 *

Video Compression
Format

H.264 *

360 deg video
recording

Yes Yes

Maximum Resolution
for Recording 360
deg video

5.2 K (5228 x 2624) 5.2 K (5228 x 2624)

Live Video
Streaming

Yes Yes

Loop Recording Yes *

Video Output Port Mini HDMI *

Max Video Bit Rate
(Mb/s)

120 120

Video file format MP4 *

                               3 / 8



 

AUDIO Audio Recording Buit-in *

Audio Output Yes *

Audio Recording
Format

AAC *

Number of Audio Input
Port

1 *

Type of Audio input
Port

XLR *

Number of Audio
Output Port

1 *

Type of Audio output
Port

XLR *

DISPLAY Display Type Colour TFT *

Touch Screen No *

Display Size (inch) 1-1.5 1-1.5

Vari Angle Screen No No

View Finder No *

FEATURES in-built GPS Yes Yes

GPS coordinates
Stamping onto
Videos /
photographs

Yes Yes

Image Stabilization Electronic / Digital Electronic / Digital

Waterproof /
Underwater

Yes Yes

Housing for
Waterproof /
Underwater Camera

Without Without

Waterproof /
Underwater Rating -
without Housing
(meters)

10 10.0

Waterproof /
Underwater Depth
for Camera with
Housing (meters)

15 15.0

Gyro Sensor Yes Yes

Voice Control Yes *

Wake on Voice No *

Connectivity Interface Wi-
Fi,Bluetooth,NFC,USB

*

Control Both Remote & App *

Remote / App inclusive
in the scope of supply

Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

Supported Operating
Systems

iOs,Android,Mac,Windo
ws

*

Picture control system portrait,landscape *

Noise Reduction
Feature

Yes *

Automatic transfer of
footage to Mobile
Phone / PC and turns it
into Video by using the
App

Yes *

Auto upload facility to
Cloud

No *

Shutter type electronically
controlled

*

Shooting modes Countinous Shooting *

Additional features, if
any

- *

STORAGE Storage Type Micro SD Micro SD

Capacity of Memory
Card, inclusive in the
scope of supply (GB)

128 128

Memory Card
expandable upto
(GB)

128 128

In-built Memory(GB) 0 0

BATTERY Power Source Rechargeable Battery *

Battery Chemistry, if
Rechargeable
Battery

Li-Ion Li-Ion

Number of Batteries
required for operation

1 *

Number of Batteries
supplied (Inclusive
in the Scope of
Supply)

1 1

BATTERY CAPACITY
(mAh)

1250 *

Battery Charger with
AC adopter inclusive in
the scope of supply

Yes *

OPERATING
CONDITIONS

Minimum Operating
Temperature (for
land use)

0 0.0

Maximum Operating
Temperature (for
land use)

40 40.0

                               5 / 8



 

Minimum Operating
Temperature
(degree Celsius)

0 0

Maximum Operating
Temperature
(degree Celsius)

40 40

Maximum Operating
Humidity, Rh - Non
Condensing

95 95.0

ATTACHMENTS
INCLUSIVE IN THE
SCOPE OF SUPPLY

Attachments
inclusive in the
scope of supply

Cradle,Micro USB
Cable,Suction Cup

Cradle, Micro USB
Cable, Suction Cup

Additional Attachments
inclusive in the scope
of supply

- *

GENERIC Housing
construction

Polycarbonate Polycarbonate

Dimension (WxHxD)
(mmxmmxmm)

- *

Weight (including
Battery)

160 *

Weight (excluding
Battery)

133 *

WARRANTY Warranty on
Equipment

1 1.0

CERTIFICATION Compliant to MIL-
STD 810F, Method
516 5-Shock

No No

Protection against
Dust and Water

IP 67 IP 67

Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt/ NABL/ILAC
acredited lab to
prove confirmity to
the Specifications

No No

If Yes, Test Report to
be furnished to the
Buyer on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               6 / 8



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Amar Dev
Bahuguna

248001,Survey of India,
Hathibarkala Estate

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 3 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

10. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

11.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-

                               7 / 8



 

  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

16.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per
normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: The device should include the standard accessories like battery,
charging/data cable, tripod cradle, tripod handgrip, action cradle, documentation and
software. 2: Also, the device should include 2-wheeler mounting of the camera..

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

