












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710847

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 4194

Item Category mugs stainless steel single double walled with double
wall moulded handle

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  24 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Estimated Bid Value  600000

                               1 / 6



 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 30000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 3

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIG
DIG, Central Armed Police Forces, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Ministry of Home Affairs,
Group Centre, Amethi Uttar Pradesh Pin 228159
(Daljit Singh Lakha)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one

                               2 / 6



 

year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Mugs Stainless Steel Single Double Walled With Double Wall Moulded
Handle ( 4194 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Type Of Mug Type of Mug Double Walled Mug as
per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

Double Walled Mug as
per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

Material Material of Mug Stainless Steel Sheet
conforming to
Designation 04 Cr 18 Ni
11or 07 Cr 18 Ni 9 as
per IS: 5522-1992:
latest for Double
Walled Mug

Stainless Steel Sheet
conforming to
Designation 04 Cr 18 Ni
11or 07 Cr 18 Ni 9 as
per IS: 5522-1992:
latest for Double
Walled Mug

Inside material of
Stainless Steel Sheet
Double walled
Moulded Handle

Moulded Phenol
Formaldehyde

Moulded Phenol
Formaldehyde

Dimension Dimensions The store shall conform
to the Dimension
shown in the plate
attached to the
specification no.
IND/GS/1777(a) for
Double Walled Mug

The store shall conform
to the Dimension
shown in the plate
attached to the
specification no.
IND/GS/1777(a) for
Double Walled Mug

Minimum Finished
thickness of sheet at
any point of outer
and inner wall

0.56 mm (Double
Walled Mug)

0.56 mm (Double
Walled Mug)

Capacity As per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

As per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

Minimum weight of
the mug

350 gms (Double
Walled Mug)

350 gms (Double
Walled Mug)

Test Reports Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/LUzwcX3YJGHoG6ytBhjaK2rgZKcAyb-lgLIu_2aJ5DU


 

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test report to be
furnished to the Buyer
on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

GeM/DGsnd Drawing
document

View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Daljit Singh Lakha 228159,GC, CRPF, Trishundi,
Amethi, U.P. Pin- 228159

4194  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 4
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 15 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

2.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

3.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in

                               4 / 6

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_dome_dome_dome_mugs/51/16/877/CategorySchema/gem_dgsnd_drawing_document/2020/6/17/drawing-single-wall-mug_2020-06-17-16-33-33_0c68cf77fb60dfabbaf4a505f89eb305.pdf


 

the name of THE DIG GC CRPF AMETHI UP A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify
on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the
pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the
Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in
place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15
days of award of contract.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of THE DIG GC
CRPF AMETHI UP payable at THE DIG GC CRPF AMETHI UP .
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of THE DIG GC CRPF AMETHI UP  A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it
that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee.
For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making
endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or

                               5 / 6



 

(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

15.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

