












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703923

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 40 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Chittaranjan Locomotive Works (clw)

Office Name 713331

Total Quantity 100

Item Category hazardous material protective footwear-RUBBER
KNEE AND ANKLE BOOTS

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Hazardous Material Protective Footwear-RUBBER KNEE AND ANKLE
BOOTS ( 100 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification BIS specification No IS:
5557: 2004 Latest

*

Type Type 1— Non-oil
resistant

Type 1— Non-oil
resistant, Type 2 — Oil
resistant

Varieties of
industrial protective
rubber boots:

Variety 1 (Industrial
protective rubber knee
boots.)

Variety 1 (Industrial
protective rubber knee
boots.)

SIZE Size of Boots Assorted sizes ( 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 and 12) as
per buyers
requirements

Assorted sizes ( 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 and 12) as
per buyers
requirements

COLOUR Colour Black *

MATERIAL The boots shall be
made of rubber with
fabric lining

yes *

Protective steel toe
caps Type II
conforming to IS 5852
shall be used

yes *

REGISTRATION Registration for product
with NSIC

No *

If yes,validity of
Registration Certificate

- *

If yes, registration
certificate number and
date

- *

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Buyers reserve the
right to get pre
inspection of stores by

yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/U5yleB954S3ULE8sk4wLgAWLkoFojNyhOvGABTXRS74


 

a QA agency
nominated by him

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

No Yes, No

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test Report to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Not applicable *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Not Applicable Yes, No, Not Applicable

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bijan Chakraborty 713331,GM Building, CMM
Office, Chittaranjan

100  21

Special terms and conditions for category hazardous material protective footwear-
RUBBER KNEE AND ANKLE BOOTS  

1.After award of contract, if required by Buyer, Seller shall have to get Advance Sample
approved from Buyer before manufacturing / starting Bulk Supplies.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate

                               3 / 4



 

to this effect should be submitted.
2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from

the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

