












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/45346

  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar

Organisation Name Urban Development And Housing Department

Office Name Nagar Parishad Benipur Darbhanga

Total Quantity 35

Item Category wheelbarrows

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 5



 

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Wheelbarrows ( 35 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Conforming to Indian
Standard

IS 4184: 1967: latest
for Two wheels type
Wheel barrow

IS 4184: 1967: latest
for Two wheels type
Wheel barrow

Product ISI Marked No Yes, No

CM/L number - *

Nominal Capacity of
Wheel Barrow

140 Liters (Two Wheel
Type Wheel Barrow)

140 Liters (Two Wheel
Type Wheel Barrow)

Material used for
manufacture

Steel Sheets (Steel
sheets shall be not less
than 1.60 mm in
thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Steel Sheets (Steel
sheets shall be not less
than 1.60 mm in
thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Type of chassis
frame

Any other suitable steel
section, such as flat of

Any other suitable steel
section, such as flat of

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/L6T9eOBlg_yBtkTguP8CnEvb4IKhXwv2fFfjEWv4gI4


 

size 30 X 6 mm size 30 X 6 mm

Wheel Material MS with solid rubber
tyre

MS with solid rubber
tyre

Minimum nominal
width of tyre (mm)

50 50

Minimum diameter
of the wheel (mm)

300 300

Minimum bearing
length of axle/spindle

25 mm at each end *

Type of bearing / bush Double Ball Bearing *

Maximum clearance
between the bearing
and axle (mm)

0.5 *

Finish of metal parts Two coats of black
bituminous paint
conforming to IS: 158-
latest

*

Finish other than Two
coats of black
bituminous paint and
Galvanised

- *

Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

Yes *

Test report no - *

Test report date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Muktinath Jha 847103,WARD 25 OFFICE OF
NAGAR PARISHAD BENIPUR

35  30

                               3 / 5



 

OPP CIVIL COURT CAMPUS
BENIPUR,DARBHANGA

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from

the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than

                               4 / 5



 

3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

