












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713458
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name School Education And Literacy

Organisation Name Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan

Office Name Kvs Regional Office Kolkata

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Portable Fire extinguishers as per IS 15683 (2018)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  70 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  24000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some

                               1 / 6



 

quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 70% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Portable Fire Extinguishers As Per IS 15683 (2018) ( 4 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Conformity to Standard IS: 15683: 2018 (Latest
amendments)

*

Type Stored Pressure Stored Pressure, Gas
Cartridge Type (as per IS
4947)

Extinguishing Media Powder Based (as per IS
4308 )

Water Based, Foam Based
(as per IS 4989), Powder
Based (as per IS 4308 ),
Carbon Dioxide Based (as
per IS 15222), Clean Agent
(certificate of
manufacturer/supplier),
Water Mist Type

Expellant Medium N2 Based (Stored Pressure) CO2 Cartridge Based, N2
Based (Stored Pressure),
CO2 Extinguishing Medium

Constructional Material Type of Extinguisher Low Pressure Extinguisher
(Service Pressure ≤19 bar)

High Pressure Extinguisher
(Service Pressure >19 bar),
Low Pressure Extinguisher
(Service Pressure ≤19 bar)

Material Specification for
the body of High
Pressure Extinguisher
(Hint: Select NA Low
Pressure Extinguisher)

NA Steel body (as per latest IS
7285), Aluminium body (as
per latest IS 15660), NA

Material Specification for
the body of Low Pressure
Extinguisher (Hint:
Select NA High Pressure
Extinguisher)

Welded low carbon steel
cylinders (as per Clause
9.2.5 of IS 15683)

Welded low carbon steel
cylinders (as per Clause
9.2.5 of IS 15683), Stainless
steel cylinders (as per
Clause 9.2.6 of IS 15683),
Aluminium Cylinder
seamless construction (as
per Clause 9.2.7 of IS
15683), Composite cylinder
non-metallic liner (as per
Clause 9.2.8 of IS 15683),
NA

Construction Foam Based
Extinguishing Media
(Hint: Select NA for
Extinguishing Media
other than Foam Based)

NA Protein Foam (PF), Aqueous
Film Forming Foam (AFFF),
Film Forming Fluoro- Protein
Foam (FFFP), Synthetic
Foam, AR Foam, NA

Powder Based ABC BC, ABC, Specially made for

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2kwBdiazoTgM7eycJ3ATWEmx6vhglLs8b1h-Q1fXv-Y


 

Extinguishing Media
(Hint: Select NA for
Extinguishing Media
other than Powder
Based)

class-D Fire, Specially made
for class-B Fire, NA

Type of Clean Agent for
Clean Agent Based Fire
Extinguisher (as per CL
5-1-3) (HINT: Select NA
for other Extinguishing
Media)

NA yes, NA

Name of Clean Agent as per
(CL 3-13) (HINT: Type NA for
other Extinguishing Media)

- *

Foam Based Fire
Extinguisher Capacity in
Liters (Hint: Select NA
for Extinguisher Capacity
other than Foam Based)

NA 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, NA

Powder Based Fire
Extinguisher Capacity in
Kg (Hint: Select NA for
Extinguisher Capacity
other than Powder
Based)

2 1, 2, 4, 6, 9, 12, NA

Carbon Dioxide Based
Fire Extinguisher
Capacity in Kg (Hint:
Select NA for
Extinguisher Capacity
other than CO2 Based)

NA 2, 3, 4.5, NA

Water Based Fire
Extinguisher Capacity in
Liters (Hint: Select NA
for Extinguisher Capacity
other than Water Based)

NA 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, NA

Clean Agents Fire
Extinguisher Capacity in
Kg (Hint: Select NA for
Extinguisher Capacity
other than Clean Agents
Based)

NA 2, 4, 6, NA

Water Mist Fire
Extinguisher Capacity in
Liters (Hint: Select NA
for Extinguisher Capacity
other than Water Mist
Based)

NA 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, NA

Weight of Filled Portable
Fire Extinguisher

3.52 *

Features of Fire
Extinguisher

Carrying Handle (Mandatory
If Extinguisher having mass
≥1.5Kg or Cylinder
diameter,Rechargeable

Carrying Handle (Mandatory
If Extinguisher having mass
≥1.5Kg or Cylinder
diameter, Safety Devices
(Mandatory for High
Pressure Extinguisher),
Rechargeable, Hose
Assemblies (Mandatory If
mass or volume of
Extinguishing medium > 3
Kg or Litres), NA

Marking As per clause 10.2 of IS *

                               3 / 6



 

15683 (latest)

Colour Coding Band (As per
CL 10-1)

Blue (Powder) *

Presssure Gauge Range for
Low-Pressure Extinguishers
(Hint: must be ≤ 20 and
type 0 for High-Pressure
Extinguishers)

15 *

Class of fire for which
Fire Extinguisher is
suitable

Class -A Class -A, Class -B, Class -C,
Class -D, Class -E, Class -F,
NA

Performance Operating Temperature (°C) -30°C to +60°C *

Test Pressure for all Fire
extinguisher except CO2
(Hint: must be ≥ 35 and
type 0 for CO2 based Fire
Extinguishers)

35 *

Burst Pressure for all Fire
extinguisher except CO2
(Hint: must be ≥ 55 and
type 0 for CO2 based Fire
Extinguishers)

55 *

Minimum Effective
discharge time for Fire
Extinguisher

13 Above 8

Fire Rating of different
class of fires (Hint:
Higher is better)

70B *

Discharge Range of Class-A
and Class-B Fire
Extinguisher (As per table 1
of CL 7-2-2) (Hint : ≥ 2 in
case applicable on Class-A
or Class A & B both / ≥1 in
case applicable on Class-B
only)

2.5 *

Certification BIS Marking Yes *

CM/L No With Validity Period - *

Availability of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
specification

Availability of Test Report
from NABL accredited
Laboratory

*

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the lab - *

Address of the lab - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               4 / 6



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SAMIR KUMAR DAS 700064,EB BLOCK, LABONI,
SECTOR-I, SALT LAKE, KOLKATA

4  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

5.Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised Inspecting officers /
empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's risk with pre-
dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment, components , solutions and documentation
conform to contractual requirements. If an institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to
appoint / nominate their own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in term of percentage
which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a right before payment or acceptance to
inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When
the seller is required or authorized to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival.
Expenses of inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods do not
conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for inspection charges as applicable
and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies to contractual specification etc , on production of
payment receipt issued by inspection agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency specifying the place
where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of such notice notify to the seller the date
and time when the stores would be inspected. The seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting
officer , all reasonable facilities and such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the
stores are being and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection of consignment shall
be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance of every kind which
the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination, other than special or independent test,
which he shall require to be made on the seller's premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant
thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his premises as the
Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for tests for which seller does not have
the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing outside owing to lack
of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to the buyer the costs incurred in the
inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for
similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or any part thereof to
such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing specification . The seller shall not be entitled to
object on any ground whatsoever to the method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials expended in test will be
borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment . The Inspecting officer’s
decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to mark all the approved
stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

6.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
8.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

10.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

                               5 / 6



 

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

