












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708278

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Naqgar Panchyat Niwari

Total Quantity 1

Item Category e rickshaw for carrying goods

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  270000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

E Rickshaw For Carrying Goods ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification
Parameters

Vehicle Certification ICAT ICAT

Vehicle Certification
Number and Date

- *

If Vehicle Certification
from Others Agency
,Name of the Agency
otherwise put NA

- *

Generic Parameters Type of E Cart Fully Electric, Battery
Operated Motor Driven
for Carrying Goods

Fully Electric, Battery
Operated Motor Driven
for Carrying Goods

Model Number of E-
Cart

- *

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/0cWFpgH3lc2cte-RZupeWELUqLr_mx519v-xV49O5f0


 

Colour of E cart - *

The E Cart Must
Fabricated From Good
Quality Steel properly
Painted to avoid
Rusting for more than 5
Years,

- *

Name and Grade of
Steel from which E Cart
Body Framed

- *

Kerb Weight of E-
Cart (kg)

342 342.0

Goods Carrying
Capacity (kg)

310 310.0

Run Distance ( for a
Full Charge of
Battery , to be
tested with full load
at maximum AIS-040
(km)

85 85

Type of Chassis for E
cart

- *

Ground Clearance as
per IS : 9435

200 200

Wheel Base (mm) 2100 2100.0

Turning Radius (mm) 2250 2250.0

Power Transmission
from Motor Shaft to
Wheels

Other Mechanical
Mechanisms

Other Mechanical
Mechanisms

Please Specify the
Mechanical Mechanism
otherwise Put NA

- *

Type of Battery as
per AIS-048

Lead Acid , EV Grade ,
Tubular Deep
Discharge

Lead Acid , EV Grade ,
Tubular Deep
Discharge

Capacity of the
Battery approved by
ICAT/ARAI (Ah)

100 100

Battery Voltage
,Nominal

48V 48V

Maximum Overall
Dimensions of the
Battery ( L x Wx H
)(mm3)

- *

Nominal Filled
Weight of the
Battery (kg)

118 118.0

Motor Controller ( Must - *

                               3 / 8



 

Suitable for starting,
accelerating,
decelerating, driving ,
and stopping of E Cart

Battery Charger 220/230 V Nominal
Input Voltage , High
Efficiency Type

220/230 V Nominal
Input Voltage , High
Efficiency Type

Charging Current (A) 12 12

Type of Motor Brushless DC Motor Brushless DC Motor

Motor Output Power
,48V/60V at Full
Load (watt)

1660 1660

Overall Efficiency of
the E Cart to be
tested at Full Load
with maximum
speed as per
Concerned AIS
standards (%)

88 88

Gradeability of E-
cart to be tested at
full procedure as per
AIS -003 Load
(Degree)

1 1

Thickness of
Material of Sheet
used for Roof of E-
Cart (mm)

1 1

Material of the roof
of E-Cart, if Enclosed
Otherwise Put NA

MS MS

Constructional
Parameters

Seating Facility
Front

For Driver only For Driver only

Length of E -cart as
per Gazette
Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014
(metres)

2.7 2.7

Width of E -Cart as
per Gazette
Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct, 2014
(meters)

0.99 0.99

Height of E -Cart as
per Gazette
Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014
(meters)

1.46 1.46

                               4 / 8



 

Dimensions of the
cabin Provided for
Transport of Goods
(mm x mm x mm)
(mm3)

- *

Size of Front Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Rear Tyre (mm) - *

Brake Type (Front ) - *

Brake Type ( Rear ) - *

Suspension System (
Rear )

- *

Suspension System
(Front)

- *

Reverse Gear
Facility

Yes Yes

The Mounting of
Batteries

Yes Yes

Vehicle lighting
System

Filament Type Filament Type

Instrument Panel
Containing
Speedometer and
Battery Charging
Indicator

Yes Yes

Glass Windshield
with wiper motor as
approved by
ICAT/ARAI

Yes Yes

Battery Make as per
AIS :048:2009

Amaron Amaron

If others please specify
the material Otherwise
put NA

- *

Equipped with Start
and Stop Button,
parking Lights , Back
lights with Reverse
Gear Facility

Yes Yes

Equipped with Fire
Extinguisher

Yes Yes

Equipped with First
Aid Box

Yes Yes

Yellow Color
reflective tape on
Front and Rear Side
of the E Cart

Yes Yes

E Cart Integration , Yes Yes

                               5 / 8



 

Type of Cabin used
for Transportation of
Goods

Open Open

If others please specify
the Name of Brand
,Otherwise put NA( as
per AIS :048:2009)

- *

Performance
Parameters

Speed of the E-Cart
as per CMVR -2014
with latest amndmt
(to be tested with
Full Load ) (kmph)

22 22

Battery Warranty in
years (Years)

1 1.0

No. Of Free Service 4 *

Complaince of
Centre of Gravity of
E Cart as a
Compulsory Norms
for Safety

Yes Yes

Confirming to
Applicable
Environmental Test

Yes Yes

Noise level must be
Low during
Operation

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pappu 201204,Vill Po Niwari
Modinagar Ghizabad

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery

                               6 / 8



 

Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to

                               7 / 8



 

participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

11.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

12. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
14.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

