












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/42512

  Dated: 09-06-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 19-06-2020 18:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 19-06-2020 18:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 15 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Haryana

Department Name Development And Panchayats Department Haryana

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Chandigarh

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Laptop-Notebook

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

Laptop-Notebook ( 4 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Construction Form Factor Standard Standard, Convertible,
Detachable

                               1 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/hPEUqnjTIwimQXsiIYu9e7ToUPT8rAmIzDBi7uKdSl4


 

Chassis Material ABS Plastic *

Hinges Metallic *

Processor Processor Make AMD Intel, AMD, Microsoft

Processor
Generation

7 7, 8, 0, 9, 10, 1 Or
higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

2 2, 4, 6, 8 Or higher

Processor Base
Frequency (GHz)

3 *

Processor
Description

AMD PRO A6 *

Processor Number AMD PRO A6 7350B *

Out of Band
Management

NA *

Cache (MB) 1 *

Motherboard Expansion Slots (M Dot
2)

1 *

Graphics Graphics Type Integrated *

Graphic Card
Description

- *

Size of Memory in
Case of Dedicated
Graphic Card (GB)

0 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6 Or
higher

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics
(MB)

- *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Windows 10 Home Windows 10
Professional, Linux,
DOS, Windows 10
Home, Mac OS Mojave,
Windows 10 Pro ( 64
bits)

Recovery Image Media - *

OS Certification Windows Windows, Linux, Mac
OS, NA

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 4 4, 8, 16, 32 Or higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 1866 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

2 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

1 *

RAM Expandability
up to( using spare
DIMM Slots in GB)

16 8, 16, 32, 0 Or higher

                               2 / 9



 

Storage Type of Drives used
to populate the
Internal Bays

HDD HDD, SSD, SSHD,
SSED, PCIe SSD

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
HDD

1 *

Capacity of each HDD
(GB)

1000 @5400 rpm *

Total HDD Capacity
(GB)

1000 500, 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000, 0 Or
higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSD

0 *

Capacity of each SSD
(GB)

0 128, 256, 512, 1024,
2048, 0

Total SSD Capacity
(GB)

0 128, 256, 384, 512,
768, 1024, 1280, 2048,
4096, 0 Or higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSHD

0 *

Capacity of each
SSHD (GB)

NA 8 GB Flash + 500 GB
@5400 rpm, 8 GB Flash
+ 1000 GB @5400 rpm,
8 GB Flash + 2000 GB
@5400 rpm, NA Or
higher

Total SSHD Capacity
in addition to 8 GB
Flash (GB)

0 500, 1000, 1500, 0 Or
higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Connectivity Wireless
Connectivity

Yes Yes, No

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

Wi-Fi 802.11ac *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

If available, Type of
Ethernet Ports

10/100/1000 on board
Integrated Gigabit Port

*

Bluetooth
Connectivity

Yes Yes, No

If Yes, Version of
Bluetooth Available

4.1 *

Ports Number of USB Version
2 Point 0 Ports

1 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 0 / 3 point 1,

2 *

                               3 / 9



 

Gen 1 Ports

Number of USB Version
3 point 1, Gen 2 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Type C
Ports

0 *

Number of Serial Ports 0 *

Number of VGA Ports 0 *

Number of HDMI Ports 1 *

Number of DP Ports 0 *

Number of Thunderbolt
Port

- *

Display Display Size (Inch) 14 *

Display Type - Non Touch, Touch Or
higher

Display Technology LED HD Backlit
Antiglare

*

Panel Technology TN IPS, TN, VA Or higher

Display Resolution
(Pixels)

1366x768 *

Availability of
Webcam integrated
with Display

Yes Yes, No

If Yes, Resolution of
Webcam

HD VGA, HD, FHD, NA Or
higher

Infra Red Webcam No Yes, No

Miscellaneous Optical Drive NA Integrated, External,
NA Or higher

Type of Optical Drive N/A *

Internal Speaker
(Dual)

Yes Yes, No

Audio-in No *

Audio-out No *

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in Yes *

Type of Keyboard Standard *

Backlit Keyboard No *

Spill Resistant
Keyboard

No *

Pointing
Device/Touchpad

Touchpad with multi-
touch gestures enabled

*

Finger Print Reader No *

Hardware Trusted No *

                               4 / 9



 

Platform Enabled

Carry Case Yes Yes, No

If Yes, Type of Carry
Case

Back Pack *

Security Lock Slot Yes *

If Yes,Availability of
Cable Lock

No *

Weight (Including
Battery) (Kilogram)

1.55 *

Power Battery Type - *

Battery Chemistry Li - ion *

Battery Capacity (Watt
Hour)

40 *

Battery Backup Time
(Hours)

6 *

Certification BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number and its validity

- *

BEE / Energy Star for
the given Model

Yes *

ROHS Compliance Yes *

Other Certifications
available

- *

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

10 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

90 *

Warranty Battery Warranty 3 1, 3, 4 Or higher

On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 1, 3, 5, 4

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               5 / 9



 

ng Officer

1 Sachin 127040,BDPO TOSHAM
HANSHI ROAD TOSHAM

4  16 N/A

Special terms and conditions for category Laptop-Notebook 

1.As per notification of MEITY circulated vide letter no. F.No.33(1) /2017-IPHW..dated:
14/09/2017, the minimum local content should be 40 percent to qualify as local or domestic
manufacturer.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises for their compliance to the
contract specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any
external laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the
Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-
mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller
about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date
for testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch
inspection. Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received
at his location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously
been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External
Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any
delay in inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised
without Liquidated Damages.

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence

                               6 / 9



 

in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

7.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

13.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

14.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

15.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in

                               7 / 9



 

column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit

                               8 / 9



 

 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

