












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702758

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Home Department Karnataka

Organisation Name Karnataka State Police

Office Name Directorate Of Forensic Science Laboratories

Total Quantity 18

Item Category Desktop Computers

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1400000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 70000

                             1 / 10



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Section Superintendent
Directorate of Forensic Science Laboratories,Sarjapur main road, Madiwala, Bengaluru 560068
(Parashuram S L)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                             2 / 10



 

Desktop Computers ( 18 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Processor Processor Make Intel Intel

Processor
Generation

8 8.0 Or higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

6 2, 4, 6, 8 Or higher

Processor Base
Frequency (GHz)

3 *

Processor
Description

Intel Core i5 Intel Core i5, Intel Core
i7, Intel Core i9 Or
higher

Processor Number Intel Core i5 8500 Intel Core i5 8500, Intel
Core i5 8600, Intel Core
i5 8600K, Intel Core i7
8700T, Intel Core i7
7700K, Intel Core i7
8700, Intel Core i7
8700K, Intel Core i5
9400, Intel Core i5
9500, Intel Core i5
9600, Intel Core i7
9700, Intel Core i9
9900, Intel Core i7
9700K, Intel Core i9
9900K, Intel Core i9
9900KS, Intel Core i9
9900KF, Intel Core i7
9700KF, Intel Core i7
9700F, Intel Core i7
8086K, Intel Core i5
9600K, Intel Core i5
9600KF, Intel Core i9
9900T, Intel Core i5
9500F Or higher

Out of Band
Management

NA *

Cache (MB) 9 *

Motherboard Chipset Series Intel B Series Intel H Series, Intel B
Series, Intel Q Series Or
higher

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
1) (Number)

1 *

Chipset Number Intel B360 Intel H110, Intel H270,

                             3 / 10

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/gl77slt31gFumj9-46p6bxZINwrGCvAw9PmdOkqVKUI


 

Intel H310, Intel H370,
Intel B250, Intel B360,
Intel Q 250, Intel Q
270, Intel Q 370, Intel B
365 Or higher

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
4) (Number)

0 *

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
16) (Number)

1 *

Expansion Slots (PCI)
(Number)

0 *

Expansion Slots (M Dot
2)

2 *

Graphics Graphics Type Integrated *

Graphic Card
Description

- *

Size of Memory in Case
of Dedicated Graphic
Card (GB)

0 *

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics
(MB)

- *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Windows 10
Professional

Windows 10
Professional

Recovery Image Media - *

OS Certification Windows *

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 8 8, 16, 32, 64 Or higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 2666 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

2 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

1 *

RAM Expandability
up to( using spare
DIMM Slots in GB)

32 32, 64, 128 Or higher

Storage Total Number of
Internal Bays available

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
inches internal Bays

0 *

Number of 3 point 5
inches Internal Bays

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

0 *

                             4 / 10



 

Number of 3 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

0 *

Type of Drives used
to populate the
Internal Bays

HDD HDD

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
HDD

1 *

Capacity of each HDD
(GB)

1000 @7200 rpm *

Total HDD Capacity
(GB)

1000 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000 Or higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSD

0 *

Capacity of each SSD
(GB)

0 *

Total SSD Capacity
(GB)

0 128, 256, 384, 512,
768, 0, 1024, 2048 Or
higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSHD

0 *

Capacity of each SSHD
(GB)

NA *

Total SSHD Capacity
in addition to 8 GB
Flash (GB)

0 500, 1000, 2000, 0 Or
higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Cabinet Cabinet Form Factor Tower (13.1 to 26
Litres)

Tower (13.1 to 26
Litres)

Cabinet Volume (Litres) - *

External Bays
(Number)

1 *

Optical Drive N/A *

Internal Speaker Yes *

Audio-in Yes *

Audio-out Yes *

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in Yes *

Connectivity Wireless Connectivity No *

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

NA *

Number of Ethernet 1 *

                             5 / 10



 

Ports

Type of Ethernet Ports 10/100/1000 on board
Integrated Gigabit Port

*

Bluetooth Connectivity No *

If Yes, Version of
Bluetooth Available

0 *

Ports Number of USB Version
2 Point 0 Ports

2 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 0 / 3 point 1,
Gen 1 Ports

6 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 1, Gen 2 Ports

2 *

Number of USB Type C
Ports

0 *

Number of Serial Ports 1 *

Number of Parallel
Ports

0 *

Number of VGA Ports 1 *

Number of HDMI Ports 1 *

Number of DP Ports 1 *

Monitor Model of the Monitor - *

Monitor Technology IPS IPS Or higher

LED Backlit Monitor
Size (INCHES)

19.5 19.5, 21.5, 22, 23, 24,
27, 20, 23.8 Or higher

Monitor Resolution
(PIXELS)

1600 x 900 1600 x 900,
1920x1080, 1920 x
1200, 3200x1800,
3840 x 2160, 1280 x
1024, 2560 x 1440 Or
higher

TCO Certification for
Monitor

- *

Number of VGA Ports in
the Monitor

1 *

Number of HDMI Ports
in the Monitor

0 *

Number of Display
Ports in the Monitor

0 *

Availability of Webcam
integrated with Monitor

No *

If Yes, Resolution of
Webcam

NA *

Availability of Speakers
integrated with Monitor

No *

                             6 / 10



 

If Yes, Number of
Speakers available

2 *

Power Power Supply Capacity
(Watt)

- *

Minimum Power
Efficiency Range (%)

85 - 89 *

Certification ROHS Compliance Yes *

BEE / Energy Star for
the given Model

Yes *

Input Devices Mouse Connectivity Wired *

Type of Mouse Optical Scroll *

Keyboard Connectivity Wired *

Type of Keyboard Standard *

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

10 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

35 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

80 *

Warranty On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 3, 5, 4 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Parashuram S L 560068,Sarjapur main road,
Madiwala

18  15

Special terms and conditions for category Desktop Computers 

1.As per notification of MEITY circulated vide letter no. F.No.33(1)/2017-IPHW..dated
:14/09/2017, the minimum local content should be 45.percent to qualify as local or domestic
manufacturer.\n\nSeller has to ensure that operating system software etc comes preloaded
with machine from respective OEM . Any deviation in respect of genuinity and authenticity of
OS will attract severe penalty on part of seller as law of the land and contractual provisions.
Buyer are also requested to verify the key no of OS etc with server of Microsoft/Linux before

                             7 / 10



 

accepting machines to avoid complexity at latter stage.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of
Servers/Desktop Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier
against warranty replacement.

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 5 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

6.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

9.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.

                             8 / 10



 

iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

11.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

14.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

15.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

16.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

17.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

18.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 2 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 8 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 5% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

19.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

20.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service

                             9 / 10



 

/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

21.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

22.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

23.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Director,
FSL Bengaluru payable at Bengaluru.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

24.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Director, FSL Bengaluru payable at Bengaluru. After award of contract, Successful
Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of
hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            10 / 10

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

