












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704118

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Department Of Border Management

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Land Ports Authority Of India

Total Quantity 7

Item Category X-RAY BAGGAGE INSPECTION SYSTEM AS PER MHA
QRs

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  243 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1940 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 970200

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Deputy Secretary
Land Ports Authority Of India, Department of Border Management, N/A, Ministry of Home Affairs
(Harish Chandra Rai)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

X-RAY BAGGAGE INSPECTION SYSTEM AS PER MHA QRs ( 7 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

CONFORMITY Conformity to technical
requirements

As per QR/specification
for ' X-RAY BAGGAGE
INSPECTION SYSTEM',
approved by MHA vide
letter No. F/No. W-4201
1(494)/QRs/CISF/
Tech/2008/MHA - Prov-
I-1422 Dated 08th
September, 2016.
(Copy of QRs / TDs
uploaded in GeM
portal)

*

Availability of
QR/specification for 'X-
RAY BAGGAGE
INSPECTION SYSTEM'

Yes *

QR/specification has
been seen, read and
understood

Yes *

Scope of supply of X-
RAY BAGGAGE
INSPECTION SYSTEM
covers all components /
accessories complete
as per governing
QR/specification

Yes *

SIZE / CAPACITY /
RADIATION LEVEL

System Size Large Size Large Size

Tunnel Width (W) 100 cm for Large Size 100 cm for Large Size

Tunnel Height (H) 100 cm for Large Size 100 cm for Large Size

Conveyor Capacity >= 200 kg for Large
Size

>= 200 kg for Large
Size

Throughput Rate
(Bags per hour)

435 More than 435.0 Or
higher

Radiation level at a
distance of 5 cm from
external housing of the
system (m R/hr)

0.1 *

Resolution Able to display single
uninsulated tinned
copper wire of 42-SWG
or 38-AWG

*

Penetration (Thickness
of Steel block)

35 *

CERTIFICATION / TEST Availability of Yes Yes

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ssxvSuLs3VY3a3ioWRUh-ixWo5HRvvV7soXIM1XW6Dc


 

REPORTS Certificate from
Atomic Energy
Regullatory Board
(AERB) to prove that
the System complies
the requirements of
Health & Safety
regulations with
regard to
mechanical,
Electrical and
Radiation hazards

Radiation Safety
Certificate from AERB
to be furnished to the
Buyer on demand

Yes *

Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt / NABL
approved / ILAC
accredited Lab to
prove conformity to
the MHA
QR/specification

Yes Yes

If Yes, Test Report to
be furnished to the
Buyer on demand

Yes *

Test Report No and
Date

- *

Name of the Lab and
Address

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

QR/Spcn document View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Debasis Nandi 799001,Land Ports Authority
of India Agartala - Akhaura
Road, Agartala-Tripura (W)
799001

1  40

2 Suvajit Mandal 743405,Land Ports Authority
of India Mukhya Bhawan
Cargo Terminal, Post
Petrapole P.O & P.S

3  40

                               4 / 8

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_defe_secu_surv_xray/51/16/877/CategorySchema/qr_spcn_document/2018/7/4/xray-bag-scanner_2018-07-04-11-48-12_a1028284c5122f474c11bb56255de959.pdf


 

Petrapole North 24 Parganas
west Bengal 743405

3 Sukhdev Singh 143101,Land Ports Authority
of India Post office Attari
Distt. Amritsar Punjab

3  40

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name LAND PORTS AUTHORITY OF INDIA Account No. 3717567248 IFSC Code 
CBIN0280310 Bank Name CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA Branch address BRANCH; KHAN MARKET,
NEW DELHI.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

7.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 4 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 10 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Quarterly after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 4% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

11.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for

                               5 / 8



 

rejection.
12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
13.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have

regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

14.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

15.For hazardous chemical/item, all precautionary measure as per regulation from the point of
transportation/ handling/ storage/ safety/ health/ environment to be undertaken/ specified
before dispatch. During dispatch, proper symbol for the hazard/ MSDS/ Batch No./ date of
manufacturing/ Gross Weight/ Net Weight/ shelf Life etc are to be written/ printed/ pasted on
the body of the packing.

16. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

17.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

18.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

19.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

20.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Land Ports Authority of India payable at Delhi. After award of contract, Successful
Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of
hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

21.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-

                               6 / 8



 

line payment shall be in Beneficiary name LAND PORTS AUTHORITY OF INDIA Account No. 
3717567248 IFSC Code CBIN0280310 Bank Name CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA Branch address 
BRANCH; KHAN MARKET, NEW DELHI. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and
name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder
has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15
days of award of contract.

22.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

23.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

24.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

25.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

26.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): NABL/ILAC, AERB, ATC,
CERTIFICATE AS MHA QR. .

27.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

28.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

29.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:

                               7 / 8



 

i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

