












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/689264

  Dated: 27-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 07-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-07 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Subsidiary Training Centre Bsf Udhampur J&k

Total Quantity 8

Item Category automotive vehicles pneumatic tyres

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 5



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Automotive Vehicles Pneumatic Tyres ( 8 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Ungrouped Category Of
Pneumatic tyres

Special use Tyre: mixed
used

Normal Road Tyre,
Special use Tyre: mixed
used

Tyres Without Tube Tubeless, Without
Tube, Without Tube

Conformity to Indian
Standrad for
Pneumatic Tyres

IS:15636 latest for
Automotive vehicles:
Pneumatic tyre for
commercial Vehicles-
Diagonal and radial ply

IS:15633 latest for
Automotive vehicles:
Pneumatic tyre for
passenger car Vehicles-
Diagonal and radial ply,
IS:15636 latest for
Automotive vehicles:

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/IRX4E00UvzrH_QpLtgJQpXYLhXs1xPV1RHfdJdJiZnY


 

Pneumatic tyre for
commercial Vehicles-
Diagonal and radial ply

Conformity to Indian
Standrad for
Pneumatic Tubes

NA for Tubeless TYRES IS:13098 latest for
Automotive vehicles:
Tubes for Pneumatic
tyre, NA for Tubeless
TYRES

ISI MARKED (for
Tyres)

Yes Yes

CM/L No and validity
date)(for Tyres

- *

ISI MARKED (for
Tubes)

NA for Tubeless and
without tube

NA for Tubeless and
without tube

CM/L No and validity
date(for tubes)

- *

Type of tube NA for Tubeless and
without tube

*

Manufactures name
and Trade Name

- *

Tyre-size
Designations

900 X 20 (16 PLY) jp 900x20(16ply)jp

Tube-size Designations - *

Structure of Tyre Reinforced or Extra
Load

Reinforced or Extra
Load

Ply Rating - *

Speed Category - *

Load indicas - *

Side Well (mm) 325 *

Inner area of Tyers
(mm)

22.5 *

Section Width
(min)(mm)

312 *

Overall Width
(max)(mm)

12 *

Section Height (mm) 20 *

Nominal Aspect
Ratio(mm)

20 *

Outer diameter
(min)(mm)

1112 1112.0

Nominal Rim
Diameter(mm)

18 18.0

Maximum load
Rating(%)

2725 2725

Conformity to AIS-044 Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

Availability of Type
Test Report covering
complete test
parameters as per
relevant BIS
spcification latest for
Tyre type, from any
ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central Gov.
LAB.

YES *

Test cetificate No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Name and address of
the Lab where test
Conducted

- *

Others Certificate ie
ROHS,WHO,GMP etc

- *

Warranty Time 1 1.0
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dilavar Singh 182126,SUBSIDIARY
TRAINING CENTRE BORDER
SECURITY FORCE DHAR
ROAD ROUN DOMAIL
UDHAMPUR

8  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost

                               4 / 5



 

Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

