












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/674754

  Dated: 22-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 06-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-06 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Cancer & Research Institute

Office Name West

Total Quantity 1

Item Category HBA1C/Hemoglobinopathy Analyzer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  30 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  150 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 180000

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 9



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 60

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Biomedical Engineer
The Gujarat Cancer & Research Institute, Civil Hospital Campus, M. P. Shah Cancer Hospital Campus,
New Civil Hospital Rd, Asarwa, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 380016
(Sathwara Drashti)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

HBA1C/Hemoglobinopathy Analyzer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 9



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for product - *

Certification number
and date

- *

Conformity to
Manufacturing
Standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirming Standards
for Electrical Safety

IEC- 60601 with latest
amendments or BIS
equivalent

*

Performance
Parameters

Type of technology CAPILLARY
TECHNOLOGY

*

Configuration and
usage of the system

Automated &
Integrated system for
testing and screening
of HbA1c,
Thalassaemia and
Hemoglobinopathy as
specified in the
category parameters

*

Hemoglobins which
can be screen and
quantitated

HBA, HBA2, HBF HBA, HBA2, HBF, HBA,
HBA2, HBF , HBA1C,
HBA1C

System has ability to
detect the most
commonly occurring
abnormal hemoglobins
like Hb S, Hb D, Hb E,
Hb C, Hb Q-India

Yes *

Detection of rare
abnormal hemoglobin

Yes *

System shall be
supplied with complete
ready to use kit with all
the buffers to run the
system

Yes *

Sample volume
required in ml

2 *

Sample Throughput
time in minutes

9 *

Number of samples
the Analyser is
capable to analyse
(minimum),
concurrently

120 More than 120.0 Or
higher

                               3 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/DmIWL96L_hGsObTFuZpYJo1A1T4d-m_38syqTebFcnY


 

Equipmemt shall be
supplied with an offline
digital library database
with more than 200
chromatograms of fully
classifed abnormal
hemoglobins and
thalassemia

Yes *

System have standards
for instruments
calibrations ensuring
accurate quantitation
of results

In - kit/external *

Type of pump with
programmable solvent
delivery system

Pneumatic pump *

Availability of a bi-
directional Laboratory
Interface System (LIS)

Yes *

Alarm Facility Have a visible alarm
system for low buffer in
the mobile phase
reservoirs, low level
value for cartridge
injections and overflow
for the waste tank, as
well as built in alarms
for calibration failure

*

System is capable of
positive sample
identification using a
Barcode reader after
processing is
completed

Yes *

System have an inbuilt
system check facility
which checks that all
the system parameters
(eg, cartridge, buffer,
reagent, waste etc) are
ready before the
sample analysis

Yes *

System the facility of
primary tube sampling
and direct dilution of
the samples without
manual intervention

Yes *

System have a dual
program mode to
perform either HbA1c
or HbA2/Hb F/HbA
(applicable if both
HBA1C and

NA *

                               4 / 9



 

HBA2/HBF/HBA is
available)

Changing of reagents
in dual mode

System require
changing of reagents
while switching from
HbA1c to HbA/HbA2/Hb
F/ testing mode

*

System should be able
to detect correct A1c
values in presence of
abnormal Hemoglobin
variants like HbD, HbE,
HbS & HbC

Yes *

System offers both
NGSP & IFCC value
reporting on the same
patient report

Yes *

Has facility to print a
hard copy report giving
identification and
information on the
subtype and quantity of
hemoglobins detected,
to view current and
stored chromatograms/
Electrophorogram &
should enable storage
of chromatograms /
Electrophorogram

Yes *

Printer External *

Type of printer Laser *

System to supplied
with Seller’s
commitment to provide
normal & abnormal
controls for Hb A2, Hb
F, Hb S & HBA1C as
applicable for supplied
model & provide
quality control program
to help compare results

Yes *

Availability of external
quality assurance
service (EQAS) for
Hemoglobin variants
and offline library of
chromatograms for
result interpretation

Yes *

Availability of Software
and capability for real
time viewing of the
analysis of the sample

Yes *

                               5 / 9



 

Data Management
System Parameters

Data management
system

PC Based *

Hard disk provided 80 GB or more *

Screen size in inches 14 *

Display LCD *

USB port 2 *

Connectivity to internet Yes *

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Comprehensive
Warranty in years

5 5

System is NGSP
(National
Glycohemoglobin
Standardisation
Program) Certified and
traceable to IFCC
reference method

Yes *

Number of
installations in
Central /State/PSU
Govt Hospitals (
Hint: Seller should
supply a performace
certificate of the
device to the buyer
incase demaneded
after placement of
order)

More than 3 No installations, Upto 3,
More than 3

Availability of toll free
facility for technical
support maintened by
OEM or authorized
agencies

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Installation and
demonstration of
equipment and training
to be provided after
completing supplies
before acceptance

Yes *

The Principal
Manufacturer must
have direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

Copies of reports and
certifications to be
furnished to buyer on

Yes *

                               6 / 9



 

demand at time of
supplies

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sathwara Drashti 380016,The Gujarat Cancer
and Research Institute Civil
Hospital Campus, Asarwa,
Ahmedabad-380 016.
Gujarat, INDIA

1  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Registration / Empanelment Requirement: Contract shall be awarded to only such
sellers , who are registered / empanelled / approved / enlisted with Trivitron Healthcare Pvt.
Ltd. for the required goods / service category on the date of bid opening. Prospective bidders
(if not already registered), are advised to get themselves registered with the said
registration authority before bid opening date. (It is certified that the registration is granted
by the registering agency as per Rule 150 of GFR following a fair, transparent and
reasonable procedure.)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name The Gujarat Cancer And Research Institute Account No. 1056869966 IFSC
Code CBIN0282047 Bank Name CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA Branch address CHAMANPURA
BRANCH, AHMEDABAD-380016.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /

                               7 / 9



 

State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

8. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

9.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of THE GUJARAT CANCER AND RESEARCH INSTITUTE payable at AHMEDABAD,
GUJARAT. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in
place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within
15 days of award of contract.

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name THE GUJARAT CANCER AND RESEARCH INSTITUTE
Account No. 1056869966 IFSC Code CBIN0282047 Bank Name CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA
Branch address CHAMANPURA BRANCH, AHMEDABAD-380016. Successful Bidder to indicate
Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-
line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in
place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

14.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the

                               8 / 9



 

Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

