












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712083

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 15 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jharkhand

Department Name Rural Development Department Jharkhand

Organisation Name Gramin Vikas Vibhag Jharkhand

Office Name Ranchi Secretariat

Total Quantity 8

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 8 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Product Class OEM OEM

Brand Canon Canon

Type of Cartridge/Co
nsumable

Toner Toner

Colour of Cartridges/
Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum
Model number

CRG 328 CRG 328

Corresponding Part
number/ code

3500B003AA 3500B003AA

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

MF4720w,L170 L170, MF4720w

Yield of the Cartridge
as per ISO/IEC:19752/2
004(E)for BK &
ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

2100 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manoj Kumar 834004,FFP Building Dhurwa 8  15

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1. In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM
cartridges are supplied to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will
also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of
indigenously manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be
older than nine months while accepting the material. In case it is found to be more
than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC)
Certificate only after verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/0tzp1YlHoRf-K_nFa7P9XO-c7sF75rtMx2LiiTw3NwI


 

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the
same in the machine so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters
subject to its genuineness having already been verified at the time of issue of
Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by
Sellers on GeM against OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller
from any transaction in future including any other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP

make OEM Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1. In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been

provided and can be accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through
HP SureSupply app or by using Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on
the cartridge security seal. After the scan process of the QR code, a
validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively
the Sl. No. of the cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online
from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP website. The detailed procedure to
check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl visit the Hp
website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

