












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712052
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Ntro

Office Name Ntro, New Delhi

Total Quantity 2

Item Category E-Tourist Vehicle

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  56 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 28720

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIRECTOR
Ntro, New Delhi, NA, NTRO, PMO
(Director Of Accounts)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

E-Tourist Vehicle ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of E-Vehicle Fully Electric, Battery
Operated, Motor Driven.

Fully Electric, Battery
Operated, Motor Driven.

Make and Model Number of
Tourist E- Vehicle

- *

The vehicle Must Fabricated
From Good Quality Steel
properly Painted to avoid
Rusting for more than 5
Years,

Yes *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/bxLLF74sQRiaw9QMqxUN_6m71BBfrPV67CRUrLJtqeQ


 

Name and Grade of Steel
from which vehicle Body
Framed as per IS:2062
(Latest)

- *

Kerb Weight 700 700.0

Laden Weight ( Kerb
Weight + Loading
Capacity including driver
, passenger , and
luggage) (kg)

1180 1180.0

Run Distance (for a Full
Charge of Battery , to be
tested with full load at
maximum AIS-040 ))

60 60.0

Power Transmission from
Motor Shaft to Wheels

Direct Mounting Direct Mounting

If others, please Specify the
Mechanical Mechanism
otherwise Put NA

- *

Material of the roof of
BOV

Fibre glass of good quality Fibre glass of good quality

If others please specify the
material Otherwise put NA

- *

Thickness of Material of
Sheet used for Roof of
vehicle

4 *

Type of Battery as per
AIS-048

Lead Acid Lead Acid

Capacity of the Battery
approved by ICAT/ARAI
(Ah)

150 150

Battery Bank Voltage
,Nominal

48 48.0

Nominal Filled Weight of
the Battery

185 185.0

Motor Controller ( Must
Suitable for starting,
accelerating, decelerating,
driving , and stopping of E
Vehicle

- *

Battery Charger 220/230V nominal input
voltage, high efficiency type

*

Charging Current 25 *

Type of Motor AC motor AC motor

Motor Output Power ,48V
at Full Load

2000 2000.0

Instrument Panel Containing
Speedometer and Battery
Charging Indicator

Yes *

Overall Efficiency of the
e-vehicle ( to be tested
at Full Load with
maximum speed as per
Concerned AIS standards
(%)

90 90

Gradeability of e-vehicle , Yes *

                               3 / 7



 

30 Gradient -Start and Move
with a speed of 5kmph or
above 70 Gradient - ability
to start and Move ( to be
tested at full procedure as
per AIS -003 Load (degree)

Glass Windshield with wiper
motor as approved by
ICAT/ARAI

Yes *

Numbers for Roof Handles
to ease passengers entry
and Ride

4 *

Vehicle Integration ,packing
of Electrical and electronics
wires and devices shall be
such that the vehicle can
run in rainy Season without
any problem

Yes *

Seat Must be Good Quality
with Proper cushioning

Yes *

Vehicle lighting System LED based *

Reverse Gear Facility Yes *

Yellow Color reflective tape
on Front and Rear Side of
the Vehicle

Yes *

Equipped with First Aid Box Yes *

Equipped with Fire
Extinguisher

Yes *

Equipped with Start and
Stop Button, parking Lights ,
Back lights with Reverse
Gear Facility

Yes *

Certification Vehicle Certification from
VRDE, ICAT, ARAI

No *

Vehicle Certification
Number and Date

- *

If No, Vehicle Certification
from Others Agency ,Name
of the Agency and
Certificate number with
date

- *

Constructional Parameters The Mounting of Batteries in
E- vehicles shall be such
that they are not displaced
from their place and there is
no spillage of electrolyte
when vehicle is driven on
Gradient or any aother type
of road

Yes *

Seating Capacity
(including driver)

6 6

Length of vehicle 3480 3.48

Width of vehicle 1300 1.3

Height of vehicle 1900 1.9

Ground Clearance as per
IS : 9435

180 180.0

                               4 / 7



 

Turning Radius 4500 4500.0

Wheel Base 2380 2380.0

No of Wheels 4 *

Size of Front Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Rear Tyre (mm) - *

Brake Type ( Front ) - *

Brake Type ( Rear ) - *

Suspension System ( Front) - *

Suspension System ( Rear ) - *

Maximum Overall
Dimensions of the Battery (
L x Wx H ) (mm3)

- *

Battery Make as per AIS
:048:2009

Exide Exide

If others please specify the
Name of Brand ,Otherwise
put NA (as per AIS
:048:2009)

- *

Performance Parameters Compliance to AIS- 038 for
Battery operated vehicles

Yes *

Compliance to CMVR rules Yes *

Speed of the e-vehicle
(to be tested with Full
Load ) (kmph)

20 20

Battery Warranty 1 *

No Of Free Service 4 *

Complaince of Centre of
Gravity of Vehicle as a
Compulsory Norms for
Safety

Yes *

Confirming to Applicable
Environmental Test

Yes *

Noise level must be Low
during Operation

Yes *

Warranty 12 *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ram Kanwar 110047,NTRO, NEAR-25Bn SSB,
AYANAGAR

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.

                               5 / 7



 

Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): CONSTRUCTION AND RAW MATERIAL USED
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: VEHICLE OVERALL INSPECTION WITH
CAPACITY BATTERY ETC

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 5
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

10.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of DIRECTOR OF ACCOUNTS NTRO payable at 
NEW DELHI.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

12.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

13.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

14.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at

                               6 / 7



 

which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

