












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709234
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Oil And Natural Gas Corporation Limited

Office Name Jorhat Asset

Total Quantity 7300

Item Category Sodium Hypochlorite or Sodium Hypochlorite Solution

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Sodium Hypochlorite Or Sodium Hypochlorite Solution ( 7300 liter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/FN3-plRB0nTavQo8G1h8eN7v9mpPW_nwpFXfiDCs7IY


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Sodium Hypochlorite
Solution (Grade 1)
conforming to Indian
Standard IS 11673(latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked Yes *

CM/L Number(Must
declare,if ISI marked)

- *

Food and drug license
available

No *

Test Report Details Availability of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report to be Submitted
to the Buyer on demand

Yes *

Food and drug license
Number(Write NA ,if not
available)

- *

Date of issue of Food and
drug license

- *

Food and drug license to be
submitted to the Buyer on
demand

NA *

Physical Characteristics Form Liquid *

Colour Pale Yellowish Green *

Requirements for Sodium
Hypochlorite Solution

Relative Density(at
25◦/25◦C)

1.2 More than 1.2 Or higher

"Available Chlorine
percent by mass by
volume

13.5 More than 12.0 Or higher

Total Chlorine percent by
volume(as Cl)

12.8 More than 12.0 Or higher

Free Alkali (as NaOH)
(Min)g/l

1 *

Free Sodium
CarbonateNa2CO3 (Max)g/l

0.5 *

Iron(as Fe)(Max) ppm 0.4 *

Sodium Chlorate 0.05 *

Packing and Marking Quantity per Pack( in
Liter)

20 Any applicable numeric
value

Packing Type Air Tight Plastic Containers *

Marking(as per provisions
made in clause 6 of IS
11673(latest)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               2 / 4



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Jayanta Kumar
Khound

785704,ONGC COMPLEX,
CINNAMARA

7300  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can

match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.For hazardous chemical/item, all precautionary measure as per regulation from the point of transportation/
handling/ storage/ safety/ health/ environment to be undertaken/ specified before dispatch. During dispatch,
proper symbol for the hazard/ MSDS/ Batch No./ date of manufacturing/ Gross Weight/ Net Weight/ shelf Life etc
are to be written/ printed/ pasted on the body of the packing.

4.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
7.Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised Inspecting officers /

empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's risk with pre-
dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment, components , solutions and documentation
conform to contractual requirements. If an institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to
appoint / nominate their own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in term of percentage
which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a right before payment or acceptance to
inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When
the seller is required or authorized to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival.
Expenses of inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods do not
conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for inspection charges as applicable
and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies to contractual specification etc , on production of
payment receipt issued by inspection agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency specifying the place
where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of such notice notify to the seller the date
and time when the stores would be inspected. The seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting
officer , all reasonable facilities and such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the
stores are being and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection of consignment shall
be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance of every kind which
the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination, other than special or independent test,
which he shall require to be made on the seller's premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant
thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his premises as the
Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for tests for which seller does not have
the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing outside owing to lack

                               3 / 4



 

of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to the buyer the costs incurred in the
inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for
similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or any part thereof to
such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing specification . The seller shall not be entitled to
object on any ground whatsoever to the method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials expended in test will be
borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment . The Inspecting officer’s
decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to mark all the approved
stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &
the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

10.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

11.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

