












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702687

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence Production

Organisation Name Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (hal)

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 4

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 5



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 4 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make hp

Model hplaserjetblackprintcartridge16aq7516ac

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Brand HP HP

Product Class OEM OEM

Type of Cartridge/Co
nsumable

Toner Toner

Colour of Cartridges/
Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum
Model number

HP Black Contract
Original LaserJet Toner
Cartridge (HP LaserJet
(Q7516A) Black Print
Cartridge16A)

HP Black Contract
Original LaserJet Toner
Cartridge (HP LaserJet
(Q7516A) Black Print
Cartridge16A)

Corresponding Part
number/ code

Q7516AC Q7516AC

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

HP LaserJet 5200
Printer,HP LaserJet
5200dtn Printer,HP
LaserJet 5200L
Printer,HP LaserJet
5200Lx Printer,HP
LaserJet 5200n
Printer,HP LaserJet
5200tn Printer

HP LaserJet 5200dtn
Printer, HP LaserJet
5200L Printer, HP
LaserJet 5200Lx
Printer, HP LaserJet
5200n Printer, HP
LaserJet 5200 Printer,
HP LaserJet 5200tn
Printer

Yield of the Cartridge
as per ISO/IEC:19752/2
004(E)for BK &
ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

12000 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/0vGLd38W1JZbvzthVsBU3maWEt6NZ8ihuHAL91NzGn4


 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********KORAPUT 4  60

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1. In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM
cartridges are supplied to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will
also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of
indigenously manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be
older than nine months while accepting the material. In case it is found to be more
than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC)
Certificate only after verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the
same in the machine so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters
subject to its genuineness having already been verified at the time of issue of
Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by
Sellers on GeM against OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller
from any transaction in future including any other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP

make OEM Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1. In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been

provided and can be accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through
HP SureSupply app or by using Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on
the cartridge security seal. After the scan process of the QR code, a
validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively
the Sl. No. of the cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online
from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP website. The detailed procedure to
check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl visit the Hp
website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in

Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local

                               3 / 5



 

supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

6.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail

                               4 / 5



 

the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

