












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708352

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name Nagar Palika Parishad Akbarpur

Office Name Akbarpur Ambedkar Nagar

Total Quantity 2

Item Category water tanker mounted on two wheels trailer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  700000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Water Tanker Mounted On Two Wheels Trailer ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Type of Trailers - *

Capacity of water
tank (Liter)

5000 5000

Net water carrying
capacity (Liter)

3000 3000.0

Material used for
fabrication of water
tank

Steel of grade E-250BR
conforming to IS: 2062
Latest

Steel of grade E-250BR
conforming to IS: 2062
Latest

Thickness of the
water tank plate (
Min) (mm)

3.2 3.2

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ZkGT4c9tT4wVrwrNDVxz3xgamkfinKwmAlH0YzMT9sE


 

Gross weight of
water tank (Kg)

655 655.0

Overall length of
Trailers ( shall not
exceed 5 m upto 6
tonne load, 6.7m for
above 6 tonne load

4.1 *

Overall Width of
Trailers between
extreme points (meter)

1.56 *

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface to
top of platform (meter)

2.1 *

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface to
sideboard (meter)

1.75 *

Ground Clarence (mm) 370 *

Tipping Facility No *

If Tipping facility then
Provide the tipping
Angle in Degree, if Not
put NA (degree)

- *

Reto Reflective Marking
(tapes) as per AIS -090

Yes *

Lighting and Lighting
-signalling device as
per AIS-062

Yes *

Ladder provision on
back side of tank

Yes *

Trailers shall be fitted
with Rear Under Run
Protective Device
(RUPD) confirming to IS
14812 :2005

Yes *

Trailers shall have
service and parking
brake as per AISD- 043

Yes *

The tanker shall have
the provision of one
main delivery valve
and three Taps (one on
each side)

Yes *

The Trailers shall be
fitted with pneumatics
tyres and rims of
suitable size confirming

Yes *

                               3 / 6



 

to IS 13154 :1991 and
IS 10694 :1988

Certification conformity to
standards

IS 8213:2000 with
latest amdmnt.

IS 8213:2000 with
latest amdmnt.

ISI marked ISMC
175mm X 75mm or
Better chanel used
for fabrication of
Chassis and frame
mounting on chassis

Yes Yes

Necessary clearance
from RTO for design of
water tanker to be
obtain before supply of
Trailer

Yes *

RTO approval Number
and date

- *

Avaliability of Test
report fron approved
Laboratory to prove
conforming to
specification as per AIS
043

Yes *

Test report No And
date

- *

Name of the testing
Laboratory

- *

Availability of NSIC
registration certificate
for water tanker

No *

Certificate no and date - *

Performance Warranty (in
months)

36 36

Construction
Parameters

Type of suspension
system

- *

Diameter of the Axle
of chassis (Min)
(mm)

80 80.0

Nos. Of spring
leaves plates fitted
(Nos.)

15 15

Lashing hooks for
towing down load

Yes *

No of Hooks 1 *

Type of Towing Device - *

Capacity of Towing
(Tonne)

- 5.0

Painted Colour on the Orange *

                               4 / 6



 

Trailers as per IS 112

Painting on inter side of
the tank as approved
by the buyer

Yes *

Painting on outer side
of the tank as approved
by the buyer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Om Prakash Ram 224122,State Highway 9A,
Muradabad Mohalla,
Akbarpur

2  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.

                               5 / 6



 

Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

