












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705785

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence Production

Organisation Name Indian Ordnance Factories

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Backhoe Loaders

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  9 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  9 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  2500000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 50000

                             1 / 14



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Works Manager
Ordnance Factory Nalanda Rajgir, Department of Defence Production, Indian Ordnance Factories,
Ministry of Defence
(Kumar Rahul Dev Samtayan)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Backhoe Loaders ( 1 pieces )

                             2 / 14



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification
Parameters

Vehicle Certification ARAI *

Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Compliance to IS
20474-4 for EARTH-
MOVING
MACHINERY—SAFETY
REQUIREMENTS FOR
BACKHOE LOADERS

Yes *

On Buyer's
Demand,Test
certificate

Yes *

Generic Parameters Engine Model - *

Engine Maximum HP
(BHP@ RPM) (range)

91-96 91-96

Engine Maximum HP
(BHP@ RPM)

96 *

Engine Rated RPM 2200 *

No of Cylinders (Nos) 4 *

Engine Bore (mm) 105 *

Engine Stroke (mm) 120 *

Engine Cooling System Water Cooled *

Max Torque (N-
m@rpm)

377 200 - 430

Fuel Injection system - *

Torque Backup
(%)REM)-III A

- *

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS III BS III, BS IV Or higher

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule of
CMVR 1989) (Km/Ltr)

5 *

No of Air Cleaner 2 *

No of Fuel Filters 1 *

Type of Gear Box Synchroshuttle type *

No of speeds Forward
(Nos)

4 *

                             3 / 14

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2YKGaxc095AXMVzDnuuyzPEkB1a9BRnHrphdvTjsHl8


 

Maximum Forward
Speed (Km/hr)

35 *

Maximum Reverse
Speed (Km/Hr)

9 *

Minimum Forward
Speed (Km/Hr)

6.2 *

Minimum Reverse
Speed (Km/Hr)

6.2 *

Power Steering Yes Yes

Steering wheel dia
(mm)

380 *

Brake type Disc Type(Oil
submerged)

*

Specific Fuel
Consumption (SFC)in
g/hp/hv (g/hp/hv)

125 *

Minimum Turning
Radius (mtrs or mm)
with brakes

5000 *

Minimum Turning
Radius (mtrs or mm)
without brakes

6000 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Litres)

160 *

Fuel Tank Oil Pan
Capacity (Litres)

11 *

Type of Wheel Drive Four Wheel Drive Four Wheel Drive

Front Tyre Size with ply
rating (mm)

- *

Rear tyer Size with ply
rating (mm)

- *

Minimum Ground
Clearance (mm)

310 More than 300.0 Or
higher

Backhoe Bucket Width 770 *

Backhoe Bucket
Capacities in Cubic
Metre with
locking/bolted teeth

0.26 More than 0.26 Or
higher

Backhoe Bucket
Digging Depth

4.77 4.77, 4.8, 4.6

Backhoe Bucket
Digging Force in Kgf

5700 More than 5630.0 Or
higher

"Backhoe Bucket
Dipper Tear out
Force in Kgf"

3200 Any applicable numeric
value

"Backhoe Bucket 4.1-4.5 4.1-4.5 Or higher

                             4 / 14



 

Loading Height in
metres"

Backhoe Bucket
Loading Reach in
metres

1.12-5.6 1.12-5.6, 5.7-8 Or
higher

"Backhoe Bucket Reach
from swing Pivot"

5500 *

Type of Loader
Bucket

Bottom Dump Bucket Standard Bucket,
Bottom Dump Bucket

Loader Bucket
Minimum Capacity

1.1 More than 1.0 Or
higher

Loader Bucket Dump
height in metres

2.81-3.10 2.51-2.80, 2.81-3.10 Or
higher

Loader Arm Break
out Force in kgf

5350 Any applicable numeric
value

Loader Bucket
Maximum reach at
full height in meter

1.5 1.1 - 1.5 Or higher

Loader Bucket Pay
Load in kgs

1850 Any applicable numeric
value

Loader Bucket Dig
depth

80 Any applicable numeric
value

Operating Weight
(Kgs)

8000 5000 - 9000

Transmission Oil
Capacity (Litres)

20 *

Hydraulic Oil Capacity
(Litres)

135 *

Hydraulic Oil change
period

2000 Any applicable numeric
value

Di-Ethyl Ether Type
Cold starting Kit (to
start the CI engine upto
-25°C)

No *

Rock Breaker No *

Rock Breaker Operating
Weight

NA for without Rock
Breaker

*

Rock Breaker Operating
Pressure (Kgf/cm2)

NA for without Rock
Breaker

*

Rock Breaker Strike
rate (350 blows per
minute)min

NA for without Rock
Breaker

*

Constructional
Parameters

Instrument Panel Yes *

Hour Meter Yes *

Fuel Gauge Yes *

                             5 / 14



 

Temperature Gauge Yes *

Battery Charge
Indicator

Yes *

Horn Yes *

Oil Pressure Gauge Yes *

Battery Type Wet *

Battery Rating - *

Electrical Alternator - *

Electrical Starter - *

Front Lights Yes *

Rear Lights Yes *

Parking Lights Yes *

Brake Lights Yes *

Plough Lights No *

Indicators Lights Yes *

Overall Length (mm) 7800 *

Overall Width (mm) 2380 Any applicable numeric
value

Overall Height (mm) 3560 *

Wheel Base (mm) 2220 2000 - 2350

Cabin/canopy All
round visible cabin
With easy Walk
Through Access

Yes Yes

Cabin Instumental
panel with audio
indicators

Yes *

Cabin Instumental
panel with visual
indicators

Yes *

Rear view large convex
mirror

Yes *

Front screen wiper Yes *

Front and rear horn Yes *

Seating Plan Co-
Adjustable driver seat
with one helper seat

Yes *

Doors Front door with
fixed toughened glass
&amp; locking
mechanism with wiper

Yes *

Glasses Yes *

                             6 / 14



 

Paint Standard
automobile paint to the
exterior body as per
CVMR rules

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Noise level at operator
s ear level (dB)

90 *

Vibration at seat No *

Vibration at seat (if
yes) (micron)

0 *

Average travel speed
(Km/hr)

25 *

Average fuel
consumption (litre/hr)

6 *

Average distance
travelled per litre of
fuel(Km)

5 *

Excavator loader to
perform various
functions such as
digging

Yes *

Dozing, Yes *

Grabbing, Yes *

Grading Yes *

Loading Yes *

Spreading Yes *

Warranty Time
(Month)

12 12.0

Operating hours
during warranty
period

2000 2000.0

Battery Warranty
(months)

12 12.0

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********NALANDA 1  30

                             7 / 14



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

8.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per
normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: Yes.

9.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

10.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within

                             8 / 14



 

the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

11.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful
Bidder :-
(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food
Specification prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification
in any climate and under all conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty
period of the item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached from the date of
acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the
item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of
stores, that the goods/ stores supplied under the contract shall be free from all types of
defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various
depots and stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the
responsibility of supplier is over. At any point of time, the DGST or his authorised
representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from locations where they are
held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are meeting the
concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest
means by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised
representative of the supplier within three working days in whose presence the sample will
be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn unilaterally and the decision on the same
will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c)
above, the goods are reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as
per the Defence Food Specifications, the stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within
Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it having been declared (during the
period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the Director General of
Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the
quality as per DFS for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as
specified in the succeeding paras within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the
notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer, failing which, the buyer will
take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together with all
incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the
supplies were ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his
behalf in regard to these charges will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been
made without committing Govt in any way nor will such decision prejudice the Govt rights.
(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity
including GST and all incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other
incidental charges if any through CDP (APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply
depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality. Option 1- Supplierwill make good
the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by depositing the
money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier
shall lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations
where they are stored at that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to
all) on his own cost, failing which the stock shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall
be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks declared failed to perform within
warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free of charge,
within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for
such defect by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk

                             9 / 14



 

and cost by a station board of officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and
consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The
fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo similar QC procedure as
followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to the
supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the
defect in such an event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under
:-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of
the deposition of the claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the
PBG for a corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired,
after the stipulated time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate
legal action will be initiated against the supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the
destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved
for handing over to suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the
SUPPLIER in writing that a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the
SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the proper communication of that consignment
provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45 days of the expiry of the
warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in that
behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be
valid as per the original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing
by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause
and other claim(s) that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that
effect is made by the Buyer failing which such claims will be recovered by adjustment
against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum be not sufficient to cover the
full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of
guarantee regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the
performance security deposit or such portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may
be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to final supplies.

12.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

13.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

14.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

15. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

                            10 / 14



 

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

16.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

17. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

18.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

19.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total
value.

20.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

                            11 / 14



 

21.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

22.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

23.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

24.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

25.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NA
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: GM/OFN
REPRESENTATIVE AT OFN

26.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

27. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
28.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
29.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

30.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): YES AS MENTIONED IN BID.

31.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

32.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the

                            12 / 14



 

Buyer.
33.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance

of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

34.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope AS PER
BID (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is
taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM
undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

35.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

36.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

37.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of THE
GENERAL MANAGER, ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR, BIHAR-803121 payable at 
RAJGIR.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

38.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of THE GENERAL MANAGER, ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR, BIHAR-803121
A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn
only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be
released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR
duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

39.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of THE GENERAL
MANAGER, ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR, BIHAR-803121 payable at RAJGIR.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

40.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name THE GENERAL MANAGER, ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR,
BIHAR-803121 Account No. 44220100000042 IFSC Code BKID0004422 Bank Name BANK OF
INDIA Branch address ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR, BIHAR-803121.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

                            13 / 14



 

41.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of THE GENERAL MANAGER, ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR, BIHAR-803121
payable at RAJGIR. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of
the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

42.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of THE GENERAL MANAGER, ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR,
BIHAR-803121 A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be
withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security
Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement
on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter. Successful
Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

43.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name THE GENERAL MANAGER, ORDNANCE FACTORY
NALANDA, RAJGIR, BIHAR-803121 Account No. 44220100000042 IFSC Code BKID0004422
Bank Name BANK OF INDIA Branch address ORDNANCE FACTORY NALANDA, RAJGIR,
BIHAR-803121. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in
the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned
copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of
contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            14 / 14

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

