












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697802

  Dated: 04-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Power Grid Corporation Of India Limited

Organisation Name Power Grid Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Corporate Office Gurgaon

Total Quantity 200

Item Category Silica Gel

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  38800

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to

                               1 / 4



 

MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Silica Gel ( 200 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Silica Gel conforming to IS:3401:1992 latest *

ISI Marked No No

If ISI Marked ''Yes"
CM/L Number must
declare. If ''No'' write
NA

- *

Type of silica gel Normal Normal

Colour of silica gel Blue Blue

Particle size (in mm ) 5 to 8 5 to 8

Bulk density (in g/litre) 600 to 700 *

Type of air tight
container for packing of
silica gel

Plastic *

Quantity in each
container (in Kg)

1 1

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of type test
report from Central
Govt., lab/NABL/ILAC
accrediated lab to
conformity of the
specification

Yes *

Test report number -
Must declare

- *

Test report date - Must
declare

- *

Name of lab - Must - *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/S5TNY8AMr99jpvoXKAmYK4Nwyw-wM-m3Ege5sXL5BO8


 

declare

Address of lab - Must
declare

- *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
by the seller to buyer
on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gajendra Mallik 767001,Power Grid
Corporartion of India
Limited, 400/220KV Balangir
Substation, At-Rinbachan,
Near-NH-26, madhiapali,
Balangir-767001

200  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be

ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

4.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope The
offered materials must carry Warranty against defective material & design poor
workmanship & . This warranty period shall be minimum 12 months from the date of SUPPLY
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

                               3 / 4



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

