












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712026

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Chhattisgarh

Department Name Urban Development Department Chhattisgarh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Municipal Corporation Korba

Total Quantity 25000

Item Category Polyaluminium Chloride

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank AXIS BANK LTD

EMD Percentage(%) 1.50

EMD Amount 15000

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 7



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
E.E.
Municipal Corporation Korba, Urban Development Department Chhattisgarh, N/A,
(Gayas Ahmed)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Polyaluminium Chloride ( 25000 kilogram )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conforming to
IS:15573(Latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked Yes *

CM/L Number(Must
declare,if ISI marked)

- *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/76IWIccz_V_SSHcRCBanV8X-o0py6X__SeXIX4guetM


 

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer
on demand

Yes *

Apart from tests
specified in
IS:15573(latest)
specific focus will be on
tests regarding toxicity

- *

Requirements Polyaluminium chloride
is to be manufactured
from virgin raw
materials so that it is
safe for drinking water

Yes *

Form powder *

Grade Medium basicity *

Description "For Powder:
Polyaluminium chloride
powder shall be in the
form of pale yellow
powder and shall be
free from organic
contaminants "

*

"Aluminium as
Al2O3, percent by
mass, min "

28 28

Basicity, percent by
mass, min

35 35

Chloride as Cl,
percent by mass,
max

33 33

Sulphate as SO4,
percent by mass,
max

2.7 10, 2.7

Specific gravity at
25 oC, Min

1.16 1.16

Viscosity (dynamic) at
20 oC , mPa

3.30 *

Bulk density, gm/ml,
Min

0.65 *

Mercury (as Hg),
ppm, max

0.20 0.20

Arsenic (as As) ,
ppm, max

5.00 5.00

                               3 / 7



 

Cadmium (as Cd) ,
ppm, max

6 6

Lead (as Pb) , ppm,
max

30 30

Iron (as Fe) and
Manganese (as Mn) ,
ppm, max

100 100

Chromium (as Cr),
ppm, max

15 15

Insolubles, percent
by mass, Max

0.5 0.5

pH of percent
solution, w/v

2.5-4.5 2.5-4.5

Toxicity Toxicity in drinking
water through use of
polyaluminum chloride
is to be avoided at any
costs

Yes *

Packing Packing of the liquid
material

NA *

Transportation of the
liquid material

NA *

Packing of the powder
material (Polyaluminum
chloride powder
absorbs moisture when
exposed to
atmosphere)

laminated HDPE bags
with inner polyethylene
liner/ liners

*

If any other, please
specify

- *

Packing in
returnable drums

No No

Packing Size (kg),
max

250 250

Marking "The containers shall
bear legibly and
indelibly the following
information: a) Name
and grade of the
material; b) Name of
the manufacturer and
trade-mark, if any; c)
Mass of the material in
package or tanker; d)
Date of manufacture;
and e) Batch No/Lot No
"

Yes *

If the material is
supplied in bulk, a card
bearing all the required

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

information required
shall be placed with the
supply

"The container shall
also be marked with
the following
information: Corrosive
liquid, irritating to
eyes; in case of
contact, rinse
immediately with
plenty of water and
seek medical advice,
On contact with skin,
wash immediately with
plenty of water,
immediately take off all
the contaminated
clothing, Wear suitable
gloves and eyes/face
protection, while
handling the material "

Yes *

"The packages may
also be marked with
the Standard Mark"

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gayas Ahmed 495677,saket bhawan, ,
Korba

25000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised
Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives

                               5 / 7



 

An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 1 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being
and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his
premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .
The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of

                               6 / 7



 

goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

