












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711010
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name Department Of Higher Education

Organisation Name Indian Institute Of Technology (iit)

Office Name Bhubaneswar

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Digital Storage Oscilloscope

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 5



 

Digital Storage Oscilloscope ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

INPUT CHANNELS Type of input channels Analog and Digital (Mixed
Signal)

Analog and Digital (Mixed
Signal)

Number of Analog
Channels

4 4

Record Length Per
Analog Channel
Simultaneously

1M points 1M points

Sampling Rate Per
Analog Channel
Simultaneously

1 GS/sec 1 GS/sec

Digital Channels yes yes

Number of Digital
Channels

16 16

Record Length Per
Digital Channel
Simultaneously

1M point 1M point

Sampling Rate Per
Digital Channel
Simultaneously

500MS/sec 500MS/sec

PERFORMANCE FEATURES Bandwidth 200 200.0

Bandwidth Upgradability no no

Operating System Non -Windows Non -Windows

DISPLAY Display Type colour TFT colour TFT

Minimum Display Size 7 7.0

MEASUREMENTS FEATURES Vertical Sensitivity 2mV/Div to 5 V/Div *

Vertical Resolution 8 *

Frequency Analysis Feature yes *

In-built Frequency Counter no *

In-built Function Generator no *

Time Base Range - *

Time Base Accuracy 25 25.0

GENERIC Minimum Detectable Pulse
Width

5 *

Memory Upgradability no *

Segmented Memory Feature
Availability

no *

Waveform Update Rate
(Waveform/sec)

3500 *

Coupling AC,DC,GND *

Trigger Types Edge,pulse width,video,runt,
setup/hold,pattern

*

Measurements Math function-Add, subtract, *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/T2dP88fvpx7YzxQd5drRlreO9mQEzvz_dbKLC5OXlWQ


 

multiply, divide,Automatic
Measurements of Amplitude
and time,FFT
(phase),Frequency Domain
function,Time & Voltage
cursors,FFT (magnitude)

Acquisition Modes Peak Detect,Averaging,Roll
Mode,Sample

*

I/O Interface USB *

Power Source 230 V AC *

Any other features,if
applicable

- *

ACCESSORIES Standard Accessories to be
supplied

- *

OPERATING CONDITION Minimum Operating
Temperature

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

50 *

Operating Humidity (RH) 95 *

SERVICE Warranty 5 5 Or higher

TEST REPORT DETAILS &
TESTS

conformity to Dry Heat for
16 hrs at specified
maximum temp , in
accordance with IS:9000/par
t-3/section-5/1977 latest

no *

conformity to Damp Heat
(Cyclic)Test for 2 Cycles of
24 h each at a temp of 40
degree C & 95% RH in
accordance with
IS:9000/part-5/section-1/
1991 latest

no *

conformity to Cold Test for 4
hrs at specified minimum
temp in accordance with IS:
9000/part-2/section-4/1977
latest

no *

Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt / NABL approved /
ILAC acredited lab to
prove conformity to the
specification

yes yes

Test Report Number and
date for specification(not a
part of biddable parameter)

- *

Name and Address of the
Test lab(not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 5



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajasekhar Bendi 752050,Indian Institute of
Technology Bhubaneswar Argul,
Jatni Dist-Khurdha,
Bhubaneswar-752050

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of Servers/Desktop
Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier against warranty replacement.

4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6.Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement by some foreign
governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not allowed to participate in this bid in
terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

8.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

10.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

11.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

12.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

13.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are
validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

14.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

15.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to

                               4 / 5



 

time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

16.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in Bids less than 200
Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020):
Preference shall be given to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal
Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted
in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the
local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

17.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

18.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

19.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by the Government of
India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification of GST concession and the conditions
for eligibility of concession are met by the institution. A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the
Seller after award of the Contract. Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the
Concessional rate of GST.
Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : 45/2017 - Central Tax (Rate) dated 14/11/2017

20.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

21.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world bank at click here will
also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK FUNDED PROJECTS.

22.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf
https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

