












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711948

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Energy And Petro Chemicals Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Electricity Board (geb) - Gujarat Urja Vikas
Nigam Limited (guvnl)

Office Name Pgvcl

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Rubber Gloves for Electrical Purposes

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

Rubber Gloves For Electrical Purposes ( 100 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Rubber Gloves,
Electrical Purposes
conforming to

IS:4770:1991 latest *

If Product ISI Marked 1 1, 2

IF ISI marked Yes, BIS
License Number

- *

Type of Gloves Type 3 (Guuntlet type)
For use at Voltge not
exceeding 7500V, AC
rms

Type 1 (Wrist type) For
use at Voltge not
exceeding 650V AC
rms, Type 2 (Guuntlet
type) For use at Voltge
not exceeding 1100V,
AC rms, Type 3
(Guuntlet type) For use
at Voltge not exceeding
7500V, AC rms, Type 4
(Guuntlet type) For use
at Voltge not exceeding
17000V, AC rms

Size of Gloves (as
per Annexure-A of
IS:4770:1991 latest)

8 8, 9, 11

Composition Natural Rubber Natural Rubber,
Synthetic Rubber,
Mixture of Natural and
Synthetic rubber

Construction Latex Latex, Calendered
sheets

Minimum internal
length from the tip
of the second finger
to the edge of the
cuff shall be (in mm)

280 for wrist type 280 for wrist type, 400
Guuntlet type

Colour of Gloves Green for Type 3 Black for Type 1, Blue
for Type 2, Green for
Type 3, Red for Type 4

The Gloves shall be
packed in

With Polyethylene bags
and sealed

*

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report with drawings

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/C2ChnoKu4_F_TDBu6AAp8hyPpXRxPEHGKL2FUVK-_xA


 

from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accrediated laoratory
to prove conformity to
the specification

Test report number - *

Report date - *

Name of lab - *

Address of lab - *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
by the supplier to the
buyer/consignee on
demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vaghela
Girishkumar
Babulal

360575,Porbandar Rural
division store, Pgvcl, Birla
Road, Near GEB Colony,
opposite pragjibapa ashram,
Porbandar

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

4.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

                               3 / 4



 

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): ERDA OR CPRI TESTED AS PER
EN 60903.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

