












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715559
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name 78 Bn Border Security Force

Total Quantity 320

Item Category cap fs disruptive jss

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Cap Fs Disruptive Jss ( 320 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification Conforming to JSS
8405-25:2010(Revision
No.1) issued by Ministry of

Conforming to JSS
8405-25:2010(Revision
No.1) issued by Ministry of

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/FY4jCmj3sAorxYQjIKgzLan6ghQZOv2PKw5zmvCYKFc


 

Defence. Standard
obtainable from the
Director, Directorate of
standardisation, Ministry of
Defence, Room No. 05, J
Block , Nirman Bhawan PO,
New Delhi - 110011

Defence. Standard
obtainable from the
Director, Directorate of
standardisation, Ministry of
Defence, Room No. 05, J
Block , Nirman Bhawan PO,
New Delhi - 110011,
Conforming to JSS
8405-25:2010(Revision
No.1) issued by Ministry of
Defence. Standard
obtainable from the
Director, Directorate of
standardisation, Ministry of
Defence, Room No. 05, J
Block , Nirman Bhawan PO,
New Delhi - 110011 (Black
in colour for NSG)

Cap Pattern and
construction as per
Drawings enclosed in JSS
8405-25:2010(Revision No
1)

Yes *

Size Size Assorted Size (3,4,5,6,7,8)
as per buyer's requirement

3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, Assorted Size
(3,4,5,6,7,8) as per buyer's
requirement

MATERIAL Body Material Plain Weave Polyester
Cotton Blend 67:33, water
repellant 220 g

*

Forehead Piece material 2 layers of HDPE woven
fabric covered on one side
with a layer of Calico Cotton
Khaki

*

Peak Material Piece of LDPE sheet
encased in casing of body
material

*

Cushioning Lining Material 2mm Strip of Polyurethane
foam

*

Stitching Lock stitch with 4 to 5
stitches per cm

*

Packing material of
Individual Cap

Polyethylene Bag of suitable
size

*

PRINT AND COLOUR Cloth Print Pattern Disruptive *

Colour/ Print as per buyer's
requirement

- *

Other Requirement Top Construction Six triangular panels of
equal size joined together
with plain seam and joints
reinforced with 1.5 cm wide
strips of Calico cotton
Khakhi

*

Peak Quilting at periphery Four rows of machine
stitching equidistant from
each other

*

Ventilation Holes One Ventilation hole of 4
mm Dia finished with
Buttonhole stitching

*

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central

No Yes, No

                               2 / 4



 

Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand, if
claimed to be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s) for
buyer's approval before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes, No, Not Applicable

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pooran Mal Meena 732127,78 BN BSF ,
BAISHNABNAGAR, POST-
CHAMAGRAM, MALDA

320  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): required
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: required

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 7
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer
before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with

                               3 / 4



 

modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

