












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699206

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Andaman & Nicobar

Department Name Andaman And Nicobar Islands Integrated
Development Corporation Limited (aniidco)

Organisation Name Andaman And Nicobar Islands Integrated
Development Corporation Limited

Office Name Port Blair

Total Quantity 17

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 17 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Brand Canon Canon

Product Class OEM OEM

Type of Cartridge/Co
nsumable

Toner Toner

Colour of Cartridges/
Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum
Model number

CRG 912 CRG 912

Corresponding Part
number/ code

2613B001AA 2613B001AA

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

LBP 3360 LBP 3360

Yield of the Cartridge
as per ISO/IEC:19752/2
004(E)for BK &
ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

1500 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Jai Prakash Yadav 744101,ANIIDCO Ltd, Vikas
Bhawan, PO 180 , Port Blair

17  15

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1. In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM
cartridges are supplied to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will
also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of
indigenously manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be
older than nine months while accepting the material. In case it is found to be more
than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected by the Buyer/consignee.

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/8rNQeF0fdNXCJv_uiY9CcZtRikVGrf7BrWwaYOUAEPA


 

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC)
Certificate only after verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the
same in the machine so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters
subject to its genuineness having already been verified at the time of issue of
Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by
Sellers on GeM against OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller
from any transaction in future including any other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP

make OEM Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1. In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been

provided and can be accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through
HP SureSupply app or by using Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on
the cartridge security seal. After the scan process of the QR code, a
validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively
the Sl. No. of the cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online
from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP website. The detailed procedure to
check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl visit the Hp
website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

