












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713503
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Eastern Railway

Total Quantity 400

Item Category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Power Cable For Direct Burial Xlpe Ugac Cable ( 400 meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Buying Through bidding only *

Size of Cable (in Sq.mm) 95.0 95.0

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/P_sv24gH-2YXJeFSvoLIG3DeIIaYYO2HqdMW9ANajlE


 

Number of cores (nos) 4 3.5, 4

Cable Type Cross linked polyethylene
and XLPE insulated PVC
outer sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated voltage at
1100 volts grade and
conforming to IS: 7098
Part-1 1988 with
amendment number 1 and
2 and 3 Reaffirmed 2005

Cross linked polyethylene
and XLPE insulated PVC
outer sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated voltage at
1100 volts grade and
conforming to IS: 7098
Part-1 1988 with
amendment number 1 and
2 and 3 Reaffirmed 2005

BIS marked yes *

BIS certificate number - *

Armouring Galvanised round steel wire
armoured

Galvanised round steel wire
armoured

Armouring Type single wire or strip
armouring

single wire or strip
armouring

shape of conductor Stranded and Shaped Stranded and Shaped

CONSTRUCTIONAL Number of armouring
strip/wire for each size of
cable

- *

size of armouring strip/wire
for each size of cable

- *

Material of conductor Aluminium EC Grade *

Weight of finished cable per
meter

- *

In addition to marking
requirements as per
relevant specification,
sequential marking for
length, Size of the cable,
Type of the cable and Drum
Number shall be embossed
on every metre of the cable

yes *

standard cable length on a
drum

500 meter for cable size up
to and including 185 sqmm.

*

Part length which can be
supplied by seller (meter)

- *

cable to be supplied on
wooden drums conforming
to IS: 10418/82 with latest
amendments.

yes *

Quantity supplied shall not
be more than the ordered
quantity.

yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laboratory to
prove conformity to the
specification for minimum
and maximum ratings.

yes *

Type Test Certificate No. - *

Type Test Certificate date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

                               2 / 3



 

Test Report to be furnished
to the buyer on demand

yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ajay Kumar 713301,Sr DEE G Office, TRD
Building ,1st Floor,Station
Road,Asansol

400  15

Special terms and conditions for category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable 

1.Specification for Cross linked Polyethylene insulated thermoplastic sheathed cables" is as per IS:7098 (Part
1):1988 with latest amendments including amendment no.5. Manufacturer shall furnish calculation sheet as per
Appendix-C of IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 amdt., no.5 to buyer/consignee on demand. (Gem Category: Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE insulated PVC outer sheathed cable with aluminum conductor suitable for rated voltage
at 1100 volts grade and conforming to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988 with latest amendment including amendment no.5)

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

Service Support.
5.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

