












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713370
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Commerce And Industry

Department Name Department Of Industrial Policy And Promotion

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Under Uttar Pradesh Government

Total Quantity 3000

Item Category Plain Copier Paper

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Indusind bank

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 7200

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank Indusind bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant

                               1 / 5



 

category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
STORE PURCHASE OFFICER
Office Under Uttar Pradesh Government, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, N/A, Ministry of Commerce and
Industry
(Rakesh Kumar Sharma)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Plain Copier Paper ( 3000 ream )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformance to Indian
Standard

Conforming to IS14490 :
Latest

*

Whether ISI Marked No No

Give CML number if ISI
marked Write NA if not ISI
marked

- *

Test Method as per IS:1060 Yes *

Test Report Details "Availability of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
specification"

Yes *

"Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer on
demand"

Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_0sC4b7dlte2AUXrMEehmjb5wn4Ysr8mpIXsoEJlIk8


 

Additional Requirements for
eco mark

The material shall be
manufactured from pulp
containing not less than
60% by mass of pulp made
from materials other than
bamboo,hard woods
,softwoods and reed or the
material shall be
manufactured from pulp
made from 100%waste
paper

Yes *

Size Size of paper A4 A4

GSM of paper 75 75

"If any other GSM, please
specify"

- *

Quantity "Number of sheets per
Ream"

500 500

Physical Characteristics "ISO
Brightness,percent,Min"

95.2712341 95.2712341

Opacity percent,Min 90.123514674 90.123514674

"One minute Cobb test
both sides,g/m2,Max"

25 25

"Tensile Index Machine
Direction (MD) ,Nm/g,
Min"

49 49

Tensile Index Cross
Direction(CD),Nm/g,Min

30 30

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

4 4

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Cross
Direction(CD)Min,"

5 5

"Smoothness for both
sides (Bendtsen) in
ml/min,Max"

200 200

"Ash
content(900◦C),percent
by mass,Max"

15 15

Thickness in µm,Min 96 96

"Moisture
content,percent,Max"

5 5

"Taber Stiffness
,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

4 4

Taber Stiffness ,Cross
Direction(CD),Min

2 2

"Surface Strength
Dennison (Wax Pick)"

No pick on 12 A No pick on 12 A

Packing and Marking "Packing as per clause 6-1
of IS:14490(Latest)"

Yes *

Package should be marked
with Description,size of
Paper,Quantity,Mass of
500/250 sheets including
wrapping paper in kg/ream

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

Chargeable wt should be
net wt excluding the wt of
packing,Lot Number and
month/year of
manufacturing,Name of
manufacturer

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rakesh Kumar
Sharma

201301,MAIN ADMINISTRATIVE
BUILDING, SECTOR 6, NOIDA

3000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be

provided in Buyer’s standard format only.
3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

6.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

7.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.

                               4 / 5



 

c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.
10.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

