












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714773
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Chandigarh

Department Name Municipal Corporation, Chandigarh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Chandigarh

Total Quantity 43000

Item Category Polyaluminium Chloride

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the

                               1 / 5



 

bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Polyaluminium Chloride ( 43000 kilogram )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conforming to
IS:15573(Latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked Yes *

CM/L Number(Must
declare,if ISI marked)

- *

Test Report Details Availability of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report to be Submitted
to the Buyer on demand

Yes *

Apart from tests specified in
IS:15573(latest) specific
focus will be on tests
regarding toxicity

- *

Requirements Polyaluminium chloride is to
be manufactured from
virgin raw materials so that
it is safe for drinking water

Yes *

Form powder *

Grade High basicity *

Description "For Powder: Polyaluminium
chloride powder shall be in
the form of pale yellow
powder and shall be free
from organic contaminants "

*

"Aluminium as Al2O3,
percent by mass, min "

9.5 9.5

Basicity, percent by
mass, min

35 35

Chloride as Cl, percent
by mass, max

12.5 12.5

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/BRSQL5BzSu4Wp_Xw4ROGNXPwNTqLuPUYKWuVfoFSfvI


 

Sulphate as SO4, percent
by mass, max

2.7 2.7

Specific gravity at 25 oC,
Min

1.16 1.16

Viscosity (dynamic) at 20 oC
, mPa

NA *

Bulk density, gm/ml, Min NA *

Mercury (as Hg), ppm,
max

0.20 0.20

Arsenic (as As) , ppm,
max

5.00 5.00

Cadmium (as Cd) , ppm,
max

6 6

Lead (as Pb) , ppm, max 30 30

Iron (as Fe) and
Manganese (as Mn) ,
ppm, max

100 100

Chromium (as Cr), ppm,
max

15 15

Insolubles, percent by
mass, Max

0.5 0.5

pH of percent solution,
w/v

1.8-4.5 1.8-4.5

Toxicity Toxicity in drinking water
through use of
polyaluminum chloride is to
be avoided at any costs

Yes *

Packing Packing of the liquid
material

NA *

Transportation of the liquid
material

NA *

Packing of the powder
material (Polyaluminum
chloride powder absorbs
moisture when exposed to
atmosphere)

Any other *

If any other, please specify - *

Packing in returnable
drums

Yes Yes

Packing Size (kg), max 250 250

Marking "The containers shall bear
legibly and indelibly the
following information: a)
Name and grade of the
material; b) Name of the
manufacturer and trade-
mark, if any; c) Mass of the
material in package or
tanker; d) Date of
manufacture; and e) Batch
No/Lot No "

Yes *

If the material is supplied in
bulk, a card bearing all the
required information
required shall be placed
with the supply

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

"The container shall also be
marked with the following
information: Corrosive
liquid, irritating to eyes; in
case of contact, rinse
immediately with plenty of
water and seek medical
advice, On contact with
skin, wash immediately with
plenty of water,
immediately take off all the
contaminated clothing,
Wear suitable gloves and
eyes/face protection, while
handling the material "

Yes *

"The packages may also be
marked with the Standard
Mark"

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 VIJAY PREMI 160017,Municipal Corporation,
New Deluxe Building, Sector 17
Chandigarh

43000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &
the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

5.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of The Commissioner Municipal
Corporation Chandigarh payable at Chandigarh.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the

                               4 / 5



 

Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

