












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/698866

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Kasauli

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Deep freezer

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  412000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 5



 

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Deep Freezer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Standards

CE (with 4 digit notified
number)

CE (with 4 digit notified
number)

Certification date and
number

- *

Conformity to electrical
safety

IEC 61010-1, IEC
61010-2-40 or IS 13450

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose For storage of various
biological products
including ATCC
cultures, enzymes,
vaccines, chemicals or
material testing
components for a
longer period of time

*

Capacity in liters 360-400 310-350, 360-400

Type of cabinet Vertical Vertical

Ground Clearance in
mm

100 mm *

Cooling type Direct cooling *

Freezer body Galvanised steel body
with tough powder

*

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/6nTebMqA6y2mBU1T2GF8EqX9Mo52lKwoWYj7tJsgEEc


 

coated exterior finish

Castors Heavy duty lockable Heavy duty lockable

Lockable outer doors
and lids

Yes *

Material of internal
cabinet

SS *

Freezer should use CFC-
free, HCFC-free non
flammable refrigerants

Yes *

Refrigeration system
must be energy
efficient

Yes *

Pull down time in hrs 5.2 hrs *

Operating Temperature
in degree celcius

minus 10 degree to
minus 40

*

Increment variation
setting

1ᵒ C *

Number of corrosion
resistant racks

2 2

Control Fully programmable
microprosseor
controlled with
membrane keypad and
eye level control panel

*

Number of inner
stroage
compartments with
insulated doors and

3 3, 4

Digital temperature
display

Yes *

Should have battery
back up for the display
and security lock for
the display

Yes *

Alarms Audible and visible
alarm system for
unwanted temperature
rise, sudden power
failure , system failure
and battery low

*

Noise level in dB 50 *

Energy consumption
rate (@KWh/day)

14 *

Stabilizer should be
capable to run any
voltage between 190V -
270 V

Yes *

Warranty of Stabilizer 5 years *

                               3 / 5



 

in Years

Warranty of Freezer
in Years (from the
date of installation)

2 2, 3

Additional Parameters Freezer must have
washable condenser
filter indicator which
should keep fins free of
dust to maintain peak
cooling efficiency

Yes *

One 5KVA servo
stabilizer to be supplied
with freezer

Yes *

CO₂ cylinder should
be supplied with
freezer for backup

Yes Yes

Tempearture Chart
recorder to be
provided

Yes Yes

Reports Manufacturer should
have ISO certification

Yes *

ISO certification date
and number

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Tej Parkash 173204,Central Research
Institute, Kasauli

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing

                               4 / 5



 

Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): DQ, IQ, OQ documents and
respective reports.

8.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 3 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 5 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Quarterly after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 7% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

