












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709496

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Housing And Urban Planning Department Uttar
Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Jhansi Development Authority

Total Quantity 1

Item Category diesel generators- DG Sets ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  34 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  850000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 8500

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
ATP
JHANSI DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY, Housing and Urban Planning Department Uttar Pradesh, N/A,
(Jitendra Singh Saharwar)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Diesel Generators- DG Sets ( 1 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make jaksonkirloskar

Model 62.5kvakoelgreendg-3phacmecha1amf1.8mmsh

                               2 / 6



 

eetwithitc2yrswarranty

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

OUTPUT CAPACITY
RATING/ PHASE

Nominal Rated
Capacity (KVA)

62.5 62.5, 82.5, 100, 125,
160, 180, 200, 250,
320, 380, 400, 500,
600, 750, 140, 75 Or
higher

No of Phase Three Phase Three Phase

ENGINE Make of Engine KOEL
GREEN/KIRLOSKAR

*

Model Number of
Engine

HA694TCI G1 *

Capacity of Engine (cc) 3240 *

Engine Power (kWm) 61 *

ISI Marking to IS :10001
for engine

No *

BIS license No, if
applicable

NA *

Type of Engine
cooling

Air Cooled Air Cooled

Type of governer Mechanical Mechanical, Electronic
Or higher

Class of governer A1 A0, A1 Or higher

Number of cylinders
(nos)

6 *

No of Strokes (nos) 4 *

Rated RPM of Engine
(RPM)

1500 1500

Overload capacity for
one hour for every 11
hours continuous
running at full load (%)

10 *

Specific Fuel
Consumption (gm/kWh)

216 *

Starting voltage (volt) 12 *

ALTERNATOR AC GENERATOR(ALTER
NATOR) Make

KOEL
GREEN/KIRLOSKAR

*

AC GENERATOR(ALTER
NATOR) model Number

KOEL
GREEN/KIRLOSKAR

*

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/vjt6Qwxia622bL5Mc_Xv6ogh6ZEimu86oELcmtWE7CI


 

Rating of AC Generator
(KVA)

62.5 *

Power Factor of AC
generator

0.8 *

Efficiency at rated
Power factor at 75% of
full Load

92.6 *

Compliance of
Alternator to
IS:13364(part-1)

Yes *

Type of alternator Brushless *

Voltage Regulation
Grade

VG 3 *

Alternator IP Rating IP 23 *

Class of Insulation H *

CONTROL PANEL Control Panel AMF AMF

IP Rating of Control
Panel

IP 53 *

ACOUSTIC ENCLOSURE Sheet Thickness 1.8 1.8, 2 Or higher

Thickness of Foam 40 *

Density of Foam for
sound insulation

28 *

Noise level at 1 meter
(dB)

75 *

BATTERY Battery Type &
Specification

Low Maintenance free
to IS: 14257 for high
cranking performance

*

Battery capacity (Ah) 100 *

No of batteries 1 *

TEST REPORTS Availability of Type test
report for Engine from
Central govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited laboratory

Yes *

Test Report number
and date(Engine)

PROVIDED LATERON *

Name and address of
laboratory(Engine)

PROVIDED LATERON *

Availability of Type test
report for Alternator
from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accredited laboratory

Yes *

Test Report number
and date(Alternator)

PROVIDED LATERON *

Name and address of PROVIDED LATERON *

                               4 / 6



 

laboratory(Alternator)

DG set meet
requirements of Enviro
nmental(Protection)
Rules 1986, in respect
of noise and emission
norms, as described in
STC

Yes *

WARRANTY /
INSTALLATION &
COMMISSIONING

Warranty 2 2.0

Installation &
Commissioning

With Installation With Installation

Agreed to STC of the
Product

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Jitendra Singh
Saharwar

284002,Commisionary
Compound Jhansi

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category diesel generators- DG Sets 

1. In addition to General Terms and Conditions of GeM, Special T&C shall be applicable for
Diesel Generating Set/DG Set. click here to view the Special terms and conditions.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 5
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be

                               5 / 6



 

borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of dd payable at dd.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of jda payable
at jda.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 1
Quantity shall be supplied within 15 days of contract placement and thereafter 10 Quantity
per Week)

7.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

9. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the

offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

