












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/695499

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 13-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 13-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Telangana

Department Name Health Medical & Family Welfare Department
Telangana

Organisation Name Tsmsidc

Office Name Directorate Of Treasuries

Total Quantity 1000

Item Category Fluid Absorbent Body Cover Bag or Emergency
medical services disaster body pouches

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  30 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 17680

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 5

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
General Manager Drugs
Directorate Of Treasuries, Health Medical & Family Welfare Department Telangana, TSMSIDC,
(Bongoni Yoganandam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Fluid Absorbent Body Cover Bag Or Emergency Medical Services Disaster
Body Pouches ( 1000 pieces )

                               2 / 7



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Size suitability For Adult Bodies (A) For Adult Bodies (A)

Fluid Absorbent Body
Cover Bag Application

Managing Bodies in
Natural or Man made
Disaster situations such
as Fire, Earthquake,
Floods, Riot, any type
of accidents etc.
Preventing rescue team
getting from infection
from the bodies

*

Dimension when
stretcher is open (L x W
)

36"x 86" inch *

Dimension when
stretcher is close (L x
W)

19"x 24" inch *

Suitable to use as use
in dropping Food
Packets/Medicine

Yes *

Constructional Constructional Material Top & Bottom material
200 GSM/ 250 GSM
cross laminated, UV
stabilized polyethylene
film

*

Absorbing Material Replaceable Fluid
Absorbing Pad material
250- 350 gsm
hydrophilic
Polypropylene covered
with 40gsm-60 gsm
non woven spun -bond
hydrophilic
Polypropylene.

*

Handles Counts 8 No. - four on each
side)The lifting handle
should have grips of
4.5 inch approx.

*

Handle Material 38 mm wide Nylon Belt *

Zip and Runner For adult and medium
body bag ,Zip – 8 no.
with 2 Runner dual
opening envelope style
rust resistant in C
shape

*

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/0EG_8f4FTdCDZWzsU9b4JHlCit6XW5quzWPU21mwwBY


 

Operating Temperature The material does not
crack at the
temperature range of
-20 to 60 Degrees.

*

Fold /layers 5 folds / 6 layers *

Replaceable Fluid
Absorbing Pad
Dimension

21” x 84" in inch for A 21” x 84" in inch for A

Identification Tag Body Tag- One
5"x8’’Label for
identification of body
with marker pen.

*

Heat Sealing The bag is heat sealed
and there is no leakage
for fluid (water) from
the bag

*

Covering bag Covering Bag for
victim/Bodies
belongings Provide
Locking facility.

*

Length of Nylon Rope
with hook attached in
cover bag for draw or
pull victims

12 m *

Breaking Strength of
Nylon Rope minimum

1000 *

Precautional
Equipments

Precautional Equipment
with Carbon Mask/N-95
Mask, set of Hand
Gloves, Bleaching
Powder / Eucalyptus oil/
Disinfecting liquid etc.,
Gauze for Binding
Victim/ Body.

*

Accessories 40 feet 8 mm Garware
Nylon rope with hook
attached in cover bag,
for draw or pull
victims/Bodies/Goods.
Breaking strength 1000
Kg.

*

Covering Bag Water proof covering
bag with chain locking
facility for victims
belonging and Safety
Items

*

Performance Replaceable Fluid
Absorbing Pad
Absorbent Capacity

≥3500 ml for Adult
Bodies (A)

*

Body Bag Weight ≤2 Kg For Adult Bodies
(A)

*

                               4 / 7



 

Load carrying capacity 200 Kg for Adult Bodies
(A)

*

Load Carrying
Mechanism

For Adult/ medium
modies ,The bag is
horizontally lift able
through helicopter or
crane using lifting
slings and with stood
400 LBS. of lifting load
without tearing or
breakage

*

Certification Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
acredited lab to prove
confirmity of product
for declared
parameters

Yes *

Name and address of
lab/ certifying authority

- *

Test Report No & Date - *

Test report to be
submitted to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

Warranty 10 years *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bongoni
Yoganandam

500095,The Managing
Director, TSMSIDC , 3rd
Floor, DM & HS Campus,
Sulthan Bazaar,
Koti-500095, HYDERABAD,
500095

1000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening

                               5 / 7



 

date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Quality Control Wing of TSMSIDC , Hyderabad.
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Concerned Authorized
Lab

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Quality Certificates like ISI, BIS,
CE, ISO etc. and Test Reports regarding Quality of the Product..

12.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be

                               6 / 7



 

borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

13.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

14.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

15.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

