












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708282

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Kunda Pratapgarh

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Stainless Steel Two Wheel Water Tanker trailer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 7



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Stainless Steel Two Wheel Water Tanker Trailer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformity to
standards

AISC 112 with latest
amndmt.

AISC 112 with latest
amndmt.

Necessary clearance
from RTO for design of
water tanker to be
obtain before supply of
Trailer

Yes *

RTO approval Number
and date

- *

Avaliability of Test
report fron approved
Laboratory to prove
conforming to
specification as per AIS
043

Yes *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ms775PqVRgegzYesce7kMiA-ZMhRQ-iSbzHS9r7ehMI


 

Test report No And
date

- *

Name of the testing
Laboratory

- *

Availability of NSIC
registration certificate
for water tanker

Yes *

Certificate no and date - *

Generic Type of Trailers - *

Capacity of water
tank (Liter)

3500 3500.0 - 5500.0 Or
higher

Net water carrying
capacity (Liter)

3000 More than 3000.0 Or
higher

Material used for
fabrication of water
tank

SS 304G conforming to
IS 6911

SS 304G conforming to
IS 6911

Thickness of the
water tank plate (
Min) (mm)

3.15 More than 3.15 Or
higher

Gross weight of
water tank (Kg)

900 More than 900.0 Or
higher

Overall length of
Trailers

3.4 3.4 - 6.7 Or higher

Overall Width of
Trailers between
extreme points (meter)

0.7 *

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface to
top of platform (meter)

1 *

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface to
sideboard (meter)

1.9 *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

300 *

Tipping Facility No *

If Tipping facility then
Provide the tipping
Angle in Degree, if Not
put NA (degree)

- *

Reto Reflective Marking
(tapes) as per AIS -090

Yes *

Lighting and Lighting
-signalling device as
per AIS-062

Yes *

                               3 / 7



 

Ladder provision on
back side of tank

Yes *

Trailers shall be fitted
with Rear Under Run
Protective Device
(RUPD) confirming to IS
14812 :2005

Yes *

Trailers shall have
service and parking
brake as per AISD- 043

Yes *

The tanker shall have
the provision of one
main delivery valve
and three Taps (one on
each side)

Yes *

The Trailers shall be
fitted with pneumatics
tyres and rims of
suitable size confirming
to IS 13154 :1991 and
IS 10694 :1988

Yes *

Capacity of Trailer
(Gross Load)

6 6, 8, 10 Or higher

Material used for
fabrication of trailer as
per Clause-5, Table-1 of
IS:8213 (Latest)

Yes *

Type of Axle Assembly Single Axle (Load
carrying capacity not
more than 5 Tonnes)

*

Axle Assembly
dimensions as per
Table-2 of IS:8213
(Latest)

Yes *

Material of Ladder SS304G *

Dimension of Ladder - *

Number of Wheels Two *

Construction
Parameters

Type of suspension
system

- *

Diameter of the Axle
of chassis (Min)
(mm)

85 85.0

No Of spring leaves
plates fitted (No)

15 15

Lashing hooks for
towing down load

Yes *

No of Hooks 1 *

Type of Towing Device - *

                               4 / 7



 

Capacity of Towing
(Tonne)

- More than 6.5 Or
higher

Painted Colour on the
Trailers as per IS 112

Red *

Two coat of Red Oxide
and one coat of black
Paint

Yes *

The tanker will be
buffing with dull shine
inside and outside of
tanker

Yes *

Logo and Slogan
writing as specified by
buyer

Yes *

ISI marked ISMC
channel used for
fabrication of
Chassis and frame
mounting on chassis

125mmX65mmX6mm 125mmX65mmX6mm

Performance Warranty (in
months)

36 36

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shri Niwas Tiwari 230204,Nagar panchayat
kunda pratapgarh

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the

                               5 / 7



 

contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

11.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or

                               6 / 7



 

(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

12.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

13.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

14. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
15.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

