












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/691964

  Dated: 30-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 10-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-10 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Haryana

Department Name Medical Education & Research Department Haryana

Organisation Name Directorate Of Medical Education & Research

Office Name Karnal

Total Quantity 30

Item Category acoustic stethoscope

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 5



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Acoustic Stethoscope ( 30 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Warranty Scope Warranty on Product
(Year&#x28;s&#x29;)

3 *

Free Service
Available during
warranty

Yes Yes

CONFIGURATION Length of Y tubing
(cm)

98 98.0 - 200.0 Or higher

Recommended
application

Physical Assessment
and Diagnosis,Limited
Physical Assessment
and Blood Pressure,Car
diology,Physical
Assessment, Diagnosis

Physical Assessment
and Diagnosis, Limited
Physical Assessment
and Blood Pressure,
Cardiology, Physical
Assessment, Diagnosis

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/3I0DKrDlPQrZP6Ew1BKeIw-QKjk4h-YyOTWc10GdMBM


 

and cardiology and cardiology

Diameter of the
Binaural tube

5 mm 5 mm

Diaphragm type Fixed Fixed

Chest piece material Aluminium Aluminium

Material of snap on ring Plastic *

Latex free product Yes Yes

Noise Isolation
earpiece

Yes Yes

Non chilling snap on
ring provided on
chest piece

Yes Yes

Number of snap on
ring provided

1 1

Binaural spring
provided

Yes Yes

Weight of the
product (g)

5 5

Diameter of Chest
piece(mm)

100 100

Number of spare
diaphragm provided

1 1, 2 Or higher

Type of Stethoscope Adult Stethoscopes Adult Stethoscopes

Binaural tube
material

Drawn Brass confirming
to IS 407-1961

Drawn Brass confirming
to IS 407-1961

Diameter of Chest
piece;Diaphragm
Side (mm)

100 100

Tunable Diaphragm Yes Yes

Finish of Binaural
tube

Chrome plated over
nickle conforming to
Grade C of
IS:1068-1958

Chrome plated over
nickle conforming to
Grade C of
IS:1068-1958

Outer diameter of Y
tubing (mm)

100 100

Type of Chest piece Bell Bell

Detectable Sound
frequency range (Hz)

1200 1200

Ear pieces material Bakelite Bakelite

Number of ID tag
provided

1 1

Material of the
Spring

N/A N/A

Over all dimension;Len
gthxHeightxWidth

- *

                               3 / 5



 

(mmxmmxmm)

Spare snap on ring
Provided

Yes Yes

Stethoscope design
and manufacturing
cofirms to IS
3391-1965 latest
amendment

Yes Yes

Material of Y tubing Latex free PVC *

Finish of chest piece Chrome plated over
nickle conforming to
Grade C of
IS:1068-1958

Chrome plated over
nickle conforming to
Grade C of
IS:1068-1958

Diaphragm material Celluloid Celluloid

Spare ear piece
provieded

Yes Yes

Number of Free
Services, if provided

2 2

Spare ID tag
Provided

Yes Yes

Type of Y tubing Double lumen Double lumen

Test Report Date - *

ID Tag provided Yes Yes

Number of spare Ear
piece provided a set
of two:

1 1

Spare Diaphragm
Provided

Yes Yes

CERTIFICATION Firm Certified to ISO
9001:2008 or latest

Yes Yes

ISI marked Yes Yes

Other Certifications - *

CE marked Yes Yes

WHO-GMP certified Yes Yes

PRODUCT DETAILS Product code
available on supplier
website

Yes Yes

if Yes, Product code - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               4 / 5



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ashok Kumar 132001,Kalpana Chawla
Govt. Medical College,
Karnal

30  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the

offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

