












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/698398

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Information And Broadcasting

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Prasar Bharati Broadcasting Corporation Of India

Office Name South Zone

Total Quantity 240

Item Category lead acid battery

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 31680

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

                               1 / 6



 

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 26

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
ADG(E)(SZ)
South Zone, NA, Prasar Bharati Broadcasting Corporation of India, Ministry of Information and
Broadcasting, Chennai.
(Adg E Sz Air And Tv)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Lead Acid Battery ( 240 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Types of Lead Acid
of Battery

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Nominal Voltage of
Battery (volts)

2.0 Volt 2.0 Volt

Material of container Polypropylene Polypropylene

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/UmF2B6hCy3GqtT5JL8LaPic0hKLCeIUvZ3AlCJXTq1w


 

Rated Capacity at
C20 discharge (AH)

240 240

Warranty (Years) 2 Years 2 Years

Battery Condition Charged *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dimensions (L x W x H)
(mm x mm x mm)

As per relevant IS
Specifications

*

Volume of Electrolyte
(ml)

- *

Weight of Dry Battery
(Kg) shall be as per
relevant IS: Specn.,
corresponding Ah

Yes. *

No.of cells per Battery
(No.)

1 Cell for 2 Volt battery *

Certifications Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accrediated Lab
showing conformity to
the specifications

Yes *

Address of the Lab - *

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Compulsory
Registration (CRS) of
BIS for safety as per IS
16046 as applicable.
Secondary Cells and
(Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-
acid Electrolytes-Safety
Requirements for
Portable sealed
secondary cells, and for
Batteries made from
them for use in
portable applications

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               3 / 6



 

ng Officer

1 R.Alagarsamy 600005,Deputy Director
General (Engg)
DOORDARSHAN KENDERA 5,
Swamisivananda Salai,
CHENNAI, TAMILNADU -
600005

240  45

Special terms and conditions for category lead acid battery 

1.Battery serial number list shall be furnish by the seller along with the supply of the battery
to Buyer

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance

of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

8.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in

                               4 / 6



 

column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit

                               5 / 6



 

 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

10.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of ADG (E) , SZ, ALL INDIA RADIO & TV, CHENNAI A/C (Name of the Seller). The
bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

