












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/685882

  Dated: 25-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 08-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-08 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute Of
Health And Medical Sciences (neigrihms)

Office Name Neigrihms, Shillong

Total Quantity 15000

Item Category Three way Stop Cocks or Manifolds

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank Of Baroda

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 2625

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
NEIGRIHMS, Shillong
Neigrihms, Shillong, Department of Health and Family Welfare, North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional
Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
(Deputy Director Administration)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 8



 

Three Way Stop Cocks Or Manifolds ( 15000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance
Parameters

Purpose of three
way stop cock or
manifolds

Used for accurate drug
administration

Used for accurate drug
administration

Type of three way
stop cock

Lipid Resistant Lipid Resistant

Full Transparent Yes *

Smooth tap
rotation(360 Degree)

yes *

Red and blue taps/pegs
for arterial and venous
line identification

yes *

Uniform bore through-
out to ensure
maximum infusion-
flow and minimum
turbulance

yes *

Max pressure which
body can withstands
(PSI)

upto 5 bar upto 5 bar

Minimum Dead space
in ports to ensure
precise drug
administration and
maximum infusion flow

Yes *

Availability of
Extension Tube

Yes Yes

Length of Extension
Tube in mm
otherwise put NA

100 100

Extension tube fitted
with three way stop
cock at one end & male
luer lock connector and
female luer lock
connector

Yes *

arrow indication on
handle to indicate
direction of flow

yes *

Connection meets 6%
taper requirement to
ensure leakage free

yes *

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jLdvPzXqe-XhqtPWR2iAX9JibrwgzTVcMBonfjVSJKQ


 

fitment

Disposable, sterile and
non-pyrogenic

yes *

Shelf Life (in years) 5 5

Lipid Resistant Yes Yes

Provision for recall Yes *

Dimensional
Parameters

Material Medical Grade PVC Medical Grade PVC

Color Code Blue Red, Blue, White

Internal diameter of
extension tube in mm,
if not provided put NA

- *

Outside diameter of
extension tube in mm,
if not provided put NA

- *

Packing Packing PAPER PACK *

Packing as per
specification and
provision of Drug &
cosmetic act

Yes *

Each packing shall be
marked as under:-a)
Nomenclature of the
stores b) Manufacturers
name, address, c) Drug
license No, d) Month of
manufacturing, e)
Expiry f) Batch No and
lot No (if applicable) g)
Quantity contained
therein h)
Manufacturers name or
trade Mark,

Yes *

All packs must indicate
the month of
manufacture and
expiry, In addition all
supplies shall have a
remaining self life of at
least five by Six (5/6th )
of the stipulated shelf
life at the time of
delivery

Yes *

Reports Availability of valid
drug licence

Yes *

Drug License no & Date
of manufacturers and
incase of resller, Drug
License no & Date (for
sale) of Authorized
reseller also to be

- *

                               4 / 8



 

indicated

Manufacturers or the
Seller must not be
under Conviction in
terms of provisions of
Drug and Cosmetic act

Yes *

Availability of Latest
non conviction
certificate issued by
concerned Drug
authorities

Yes *

Availability of
Certificate for
Manufacturing such as
GMP under revised
Schedule-`M' of Drugs
& Cosmetics Act 1940
Or WHO-GMP or COPP
for imports

Yes *

Details of above
Mentioned Certificate
such as Type of
certificate, Number ,
date and validity

- *

Availability of any
other certification
such as
CE/FDA/CSA/PQS /
etc…

Yes Yes

Details of above
Mentioned Certificate
such as Type of
certificate, Number,
date and validity if Yes
Otherwise put NA

- *

Copies of batch in
house Test report to be
forwarded with each
supply

Yes *

Copy of the certificates
to be provided to buyer
on demand after
placement of order

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               5 / 8



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Laishram
Premananda
Singh

793018,P.O. NEIGRIHMS,
Mawdiangdiang, Shillong

15000  20

Special terms and conditions for category Three way Stop Cocks or Manifolds 

1.Special Terms and Conditions for Medical Devices and Consumables covered under
Provisions of Drug and Cosmetic Act

1.For items wherever Drug Licence requirements are applicable all provisions of Drug
and Cosmetic Act 1940 as amended up to date and Rules made there under will be
applicable in addition to any other terms and conditions specified in the Portal.

2.Drug License: For indigenous products offered in the market, Manufacturer should
have valid Drug License as per Drugs and Cosmetic Act 1940 issued by concerned
State Drug Control authorities .The Seller if different from the manufacturer shall also
be required to be holding Drug License for sale . In case of imported products
Manufacturer shall be registered under Form no 10 with Central Drug Authorities (
CDSCO) and the Seller offering imported products should be also holding valid Sales
License issued by the local drug authorities. For imported products, certificate from
the OEM that product is being used in the Country of Origin should be available with
the Seller. It shall be the responsibility of the Seller to ensure that that the Drug
License is valid for the product offered and due to any reason the drug control
authorities have cancelled or suspended Drug License or convicted the manufacturer
or Seller for any offence under the provisions of Drug and Cosmetic Act, Seller should
immediately withdraw the product and also intimate the Buyers in case of pending
orders for supplies as well as the GeM administration regarding the matter.

3.Manufacturing & Marketing Experience: Sellers offering the Products in the Portal
either as Manufacturers or as Authorised Seller shall ensure that the Products offered
are being Manufactured and Marketed in the country (for Indigenous Products) and
Marketed (for Imported Products) continuously at least for the last 2 years

4.Certifications: Manufacturers of offered product (Offered by Manufacturers or by
Authorized Seller ) should be holding valid Good Manufacturing Practices Certificate
(GMP) as per revised Schedule-M of Drug and Cosmetic Act 1940 as amended up to
date or WHO-GMP as per norms amended up to date issued by the Licensing
Authority or certificate which is at par with WHO-GMP issued by the authorities of
exporting countries / COPP certificate .

5.Non Conviction Certificate: Sellers either Manufacturers or Authorized Sellers are
required to ensure that they are not under conviction in terms of the provisions of
Drugs & Cosmetic Act and any other law applicable in relation to the same . In case
at any point of time, the Manufacturer or Authorized Seller is convicted under
provisions of Drug and Cosmetic Act, it shall be their responsibility to withdraw the
product immediately from the market.

6.Banning and Blacklisting: Seller either Manufacturer or Authorized Seller shall ensure
that there is no banning or black listing applicable against them for the product
offered on the portal due to quality failure and /or fraudulent/illegal practices or for
any other reasons

7. It shall be the responsibility of the Seller either Manufacturer or Authorized Seller to
ensure that manufacturer is having own in-house testing lab to carry out all the
required tests as per specification and provisions of drug act as amended up to date
for the quoted product and shall also forward the copies of the in-house test reports
for each batch along with the supplies. For imported products , certificate from OEM
regarding availability of all test facilities in house with them should be available with
Seller .

8.Each lot of supplies shall be dispatched under Self Certification scheme duly

                               6 / 8



 

supported by in house test reports. Consignees shall be at liberty to draw control
Samples and send it to approved Laboratories for testing and in case of any failure ,
entire responsibility shall rest with Seller in addition to any penalties under the
provisions of Drug Act including removal of Goods from the Consignee place. .Further
administrative actions as per terms and conditions Gem Portal shall also be
applicable.

9.Packing shall be as per relevant clause of Standard Specifications applicable as
indicated in the Catalogue Parameters indicated in the Portal and as per provisions of
Drug & Cosmetic Act as amended up to date.

10.Marking: Each Primary Packing shall be marked as under:-
1.Nomenclature of the stores
2.Manufacturers Name, Address, Drug License No.
3.Month of manufacturing, Expiry, Batch No and lot No (if applicable)
4.Any other particulars required under Drug and Cosmetic Act 1940 amended

up to date if item is governed under drug and cosmetic act
5.Quantity contained therein
6.Manufacturers Name or Trade Mark
7.Government Supply - ""Not For Sale
8.Secondary Packing Cartons shall be marked with Manufacturers Name, Batch

no and Month of Manufacture and Use Before.
11.Expiry Date: All supplies must indicate the Month of Manufacture and Expiry. In

addition all supplies shall have a remaining shelf life of at least 5/6th of the
stipulated shelf life at the time of delivery.

12.Recalls: If any batch is to be recalled because of problems with product quality or
adverse reaction Seller will be responsible to notify the Buyer full details about the
reason leading to the recall and shall take steps to replace the product in question at
its own cost with a fresh batch of acceptable quality or give a refund of the value of
the goods

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Certificate for the supply of the same to any Govt/ PSU/ any renowned private
organisation along with Supply/ Purchase Order.

2.Make in india specific authorisation certificate needs to be enclosed.
3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be

ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.Preference to Make In India products: Preference shall be given to local supplier as defined in
public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to time
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific
Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a local supplier, should be as per
relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry as available on the website of
Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade (DPIIT). If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local

                               7 / 8



 

content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
29.5.2019.

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

8.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of NEIGRIHMS
EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS payable at SHILLONG, MEGHALAYA.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

9.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer
after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with
covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

10.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of NEIGRIHMS EMD
SECURITY DEPOSITS payable at SHILLONG, MEGHALAYA.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS Account No. 30270200000027 IFSC
Code BARB0MAWDIA Bank Name BANK OF BARODA Branch address MAWDIANGDIANG,
SHILLONG-793018, MEGHALAYA.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

