












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712132
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Communications

Department Name Department Of Posts

Organisation Name Tamil Nadu Postal Circle Department Of Posts

Office Name Office Of The Chief Postmaster General Tamilnadu Circle
Chennai 600002

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Video Conferencing End Point

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  37 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 18560

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

                               1 / 8



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Asst. Director(Technology)
Office Of The Chief Postmaster General Tamilnadu Circle Chennai 600002, Department of Posts, Tamil Nadu Postal Circle
Department of Posts, Ministry of Communications
(Assistant Director Technology)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Video Conferencing End Point ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Type of End Point 1+7 Multiparty Full HD 1+7 Multiparty Full HD

Does it require mandatory
registration with MCU

NA *

Video Conferencing
System Resolution

1080p, 60 fps 1080p, 60 fps, 4K, 30 fps,
4K, 60 fps Or higher

Minimum Bandwidth
Required for Specified video
quality at End point/far-site
end (Kbps)

2048 *

Type of Camera PTZ PTZ Or higher

Camera Positioning
System

Preset Automatic Voice Activated,
Face Detection, Preset Or
higher

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_-3fUlSpCuy7w-8oSHcifdEJ5awEzSaaDTjfiRotKC8


 

Type of sensor CMOS *

Camera Control (focusing,
brightness, and white
balance)

Automatic *

Multiple Camera System in
case of Automatic Voice
activated CameraTracking

NA *

Optical zoom 10X 10X, 12X, 20X, 22X, 30X Or
higher

Digital zoom NA *

Field of View at zoom
(Degree)

65 *

Pan range Minimum to
Maximum (+/- Degree)

100,-100 *

Tilt Range (Degree) 20,-30 *

Cord and Connector to be
supplied

Yes *

System delivers Full HD
video and voice & Full HD
content for an overall Full
HD experience at specified
bandwidth

Yes *

Video coding support
Protocol

H.263,H.264AVC,H.264SVC,
H.264 High Profile

*

System has G-722/ G-711/
G-729 or equivalent nt
wideband audio coding
support

Yes *

System supports sharing
of video and graphics
content during the video
call

1080p, 60fps 1080p, 60fps, 4k, 30fps, 4k,
60fps Or higher

It is possible to see both the
near and far site on one
Screen thus making most
efficient use of a single
display area

Yes *

System is equipped with
one or more Omni
directional High Definition
Microphones as required to
cover large conference
room

Yes *

Number of microphone
supported

4 *

Number of microphone
supplied

2 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 Or
higher

Number of camera support
from the same OEM

2 *

Number of Ethernet
connection points for
System supports for RJ-45,
10/100/1000 Mbps Base-T
Ethernet connection

2 *

Wi Fi Connectivity No Yes, No Or higher

If Yes, Type of Wi Fi NA Integrated, External, NA Or

                               3 / 8



 

Connectivity higher

System supports AES
encryption video calls;
System has Encryption On
and Off capability

Yes *

Video Codec shall support
16:9 format

Yes *

Power supply: 230 + or -
10% volts, 50 Hz

Yes *

Shall come with easy to use
infra-red hand held remote
control / Touch Panel with
operating distance

Yes *

All equipment are in
compliance with the
requirements of ITU-T (SIP
Protocol & H Dot 323)
Standard related to Video
Conferencing

Yes *

System to be IPv6 ready
from day one

Yes *

System uses standards
based protocols & the
offered system is inter
operable with any existing
H-323 AVC/SVC based VC
equipment in a P to P call on
VC end point; All H/W and
S/W required to make it
interoperable is included in
the scope of supply

Yes *

Number of Input DVI Ports 0 *

Number of Input HDMI or
equivalent Ports

3 *

Number of Input USB Ports 2 *

Number of Output DVI Port 0 *

Number of Output HDMI or
equivalent Port

3 *

Number of output USB Port 0 *

Calendering Feature Yes *

Recording @1080p on
the end point

No Yes, No Or higher

System supplied complete
with the following
components from the same
OEM (a) Codec (b) Camera
(c) At least one Microphones
with suitable connectivity
(d) Remote Control/Touch
Panel (e) Data sharing
capability using H/W or S/W
(f) Necessary Cables

Yes *

Type of Microphone Omni Directional *

System is also tropicalized
and report available from
ILAC/NABL/Govt Lab with all
add on including

No *

                               4 / 8



 

Environmental Sequence

(a) Dry Heat- For 16 hrs at
55 deg C as per
IS:9000/pt-3/sec-5/1977(b)
Cold-For 4 hrs at 0 deg C as
per IS:9000/pt-2/sec-4/1977
(c) Damp Heat- For 2 Cycles
of 24 h each at 40 deg C &
95% RH as per IS:9000/pt-
5/sec-1/1991 (All Reaffirmed
2007)

No *

After each environmental
test and a recovery period
of two hours, the video
conferencing system has
been checked for complete
functional parameters, and
the results found
satisfactory

No *

Type Test Report from
ILAC/NABL/Govt lab
confirming conformance to
above technical
specifications - to be made
available to buyer

No *

BIS Registration under CRS
of Meity

NA *

BIS Registration Number
and its Validity

- *

UL/CE certification Yes *

If Yes, UL/CE certificate
Number (Corresponding
UL/CE Certificate to be
furnished when demanded
by the buyer)

- *

Minimum Operating
temperature (Degree C)

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree C)

40 *

Minimum Operating
humidity (%RH)

15 *

Maximum Operating
humidity (%RH)

80 *

Free installation and
commissioning

Yes *

On Site OEM Warranty
(Year)

5 3, 5 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               5 / 8



 

1 Balasubramanian
Sethuraman

600002,Office of the Chief
Postmaster General Tamilnadu
Circle Anna Road Head Post office
Bldg Chennai

1  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by Government
buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor should work out input credit for that
GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total amount of new
goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding GST. This is because GST charged
by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC (input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for
the purpose of quoting in the bid and evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back)
as indicated in column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh Good
(A)

%age of
GST on

Fresh Good
as

considered
by seller at
the time of
quote (B).

GST
Amount on
Fresh Good

(C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)

as fixed by
buyer in
the bid

GST
Amount on
Buyback

item (F) as
applicable
at the time
of invoice
by buyer

Quote of
the Bidder (
G={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not alter their quoted price
indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well as buy back items
separately after award of contract through email to the government buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item with GST to the buyer
for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller itself without any extra
cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the seller at the cost of
buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of order. This in no case will modify the bid
in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting the environment in
any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the corrigendum with minimum
price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing to take back the
old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less than the minimum
price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing

                               6 / 8



 

 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government buyer/consignee at
the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods. Seller will be entitled for payment only
after removal of old goods from Government buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh
goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU working through their
ERP and not integrated with GPA.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

8.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

10.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

11.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the contract, does not contain
Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical damage, loss of
information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property Right (IPRs) are caused due to
activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase
preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is
not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price
band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 20% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

                               7 / 8



 

14.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total value.

15.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

16.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

17.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

18.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

19.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

20.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

