












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705808

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Ayush

Department Name Central Council For Research In Ayurvedic Sciences

Organisation Name Captain Srinivasa Murthy Regional Ayurveda Drug
Development Institute (csmraddi), Chennai

Office Name Chennai

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Semi Automatic Bio Chemistry Analyser

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 8



 

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Semi Automatic Bio Chemistry Analyser ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Configuration &
Physical Characteristics

Usage: The equipment; Semi
automatic bio
chemistry analyser is
used for measurements
of bio-chemistry tests,
using wet chemistry
reagent(s) and have
ability to use external
cuvettes and
integrated flow cell.
Semi automated Bio
Chemistry Analyser is
with built in software
for the calculation and
curve plotting .

*

User Interface: Mechanical key board Mechanical key board

Flow cell type: Permanent flow cell Permanent flow cell

Light Source: Halogen Lamp *

Wavelength
Selection &
Measurement range
(wavelengths):

Automatic
(wavelength) selection
facility with 6 position
filter wheel (with all six
filters in position),
covers standard

Automatic
(wavelength) selection
facility with 6 position
filter wheel (with all six
filters in position),
covers standard

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/WxLQGGJ-bmVcCd1fV1dYhyDs_dupqfVLDddy3zFG5Q4


 

wavelengths in the
range of 340 to 630 nm

wavelengths in the
range of 340 to 630
nm, Automatic
(wavelength) selection
facility with 8 position
filter wheel (with all
filters in position),
covers standard
wavelengths in the
range of 340 to 700 nm
6 fixed and 2 free
positions, Automatic
Wavelength selection
facility with 6 position
static photometer
covers standard
wavelength in the
range of 340 to 630
nm, Automatic
Wavelength selection
facility with 8 position
static photometer
covers standard
wavelength in the
range of 340 to 700 nm
6 fixed and 2 free
positions Or higher

Absorbance range: 0 to 3 unit 0 to 3 unit Or higher

Analyzer resolution: 0.0001 absorbance unit
or better

*

Measurement range
(temperature):

25, 30, 37 degree
Celsius with 1 degree
increment, Peltier

*

Memory for storing test
results, sufficient for:

>= 200 test results
and 5000 patient
results

*

Heat Dissipation ability: Analyser shall maintain
nominal temperature,
with suitable heat
dissipation/ cooling
mechanism.

*

Installation Type: Stationary installation
in laboratory

*

Number of
programmable
Channels for
chemistries:

>=100 to 200 >=100 to 200, >= 200
Or higher

Assay /Calculation
types available in
analyser:

End point with factor or
standard,Fixed time
with factor or
standard,Kinetic;
Enzyme kinetics with
factor or standard,Abso

End point with factor or
standard, Fixed time
with factor or standard,
Kinetic; Enzyme
kinetics with factor or
standard, Absorbance,

                               3 / 8



 

rbance,Sample
blanking,Differential
mode with factor or
standard

Sample blanking,
Differential mode with
factor or standard

Calibration Types
available:

Linear factor,Multi
point,Point to point,Log-
Logit,Spline,1- point
calibration,2-point
calibration,Polygonal
multi standard
(Calibration Curve )

Linear factor, Multi
point, Point to point,
Log-Logit, Spline, 1-
point calibration,
2-point calibration,
Polygonal multi
standard (Calibration
Curve )

3 levels control
facility with day to
day Levy-Jennings
curve stored and
displayed, available:

Yes Yes

Sample incubator
facility available:

No No

Flow Cell Flow cell material Quartz + Metallic Quartz + Metallic

Flow Cell
Volume(minimum):

- *

Flow Cell Optical Path: 10 mm *

Aspiration Volume - *

ENERGY SOURCE Power Source: Compatible with
electric power from by
220V-240V 50Hz
(+/-10%) AC source

*

Power Back up with
provision of UPS (with
maintenance fee
batteries) for each
equipment unit:

At least 30 minutes
power back up

*

CONSUMABLES Equipment is
suitable for use of
consumables under:

Open System Open System Or higher

ACCESSORIES Accessories to be
supplied with each unit
of Analyser equipment
:

Micro pipettes (5 No.) -
2 variable (5-50 ),
(100-1000) , Small
Tips- 500 nos. & Large
Tips- 500 nos.

*

OPERATING
CONDITIONS

Operating & Storage
Conditions:

Equipment is suitable
for storage and capable
of operating
continuously in
ambient room
temperature of 8
degree C to 37 degree
C and relative humidity
of 15 to 90% in ideal
circumstances.

*

                               4 / 8



 

Parts of the Device that
are designed to come
into contact with the
patient or the operator
should either be
capable of easy
disinfection or be
protected by a single
use/disposable cover:

Yes *

PRINTER AND COMPUT
ER/LABORATORY
INTERFACE

Printer facility: Yes, In-built Thermal
Printer

*

Computer interface: By RS232
port/USB/HDMI port
facility

*

Lab Interface system
(LIS) compatible viz
analyser equipment
preloaded with
Software needed for
lab interface:

No No

Quality Certifications &
Warranty

Certification available
for the product:

- *

Equipment shall
meet internationally
recognised for
Electromagnetic
Compatibility (EMC)
for electro medical
equipment: 61326-1
and certified to be
compliant with IEC
61010-1, IEC
61010-2-281

Yes Yes

Equipment
Manufacturer have
ISO 13485
certification for
quality standards:

- Yes

Warranty Period: 3 year 3 year, 5 year Or
higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               5 / 8



 

1 Nagalakshmi.E 600106,Captain Srinivasa
Murthy Regional Ayurveda
Drug Development Institute,
A.A. Govt. Hospital Campus,
Arumbakkam,
Chennai-600106 Tamil Nadu

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

9.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC

                               6 / 8



 

(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity

                               7 / 8



 

 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

11.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

