












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714700
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Palika Parishad Nautanwa

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Cattle Catcher Vehicle

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 37000

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 5



 

Beneficiary: 
CLERK
Nagar Palika Parishad Nautanwa, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, N/A,
(Santosh Kumar Srivastav)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Cattle Catcher Vehicle ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT

Yes *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Form 22 A - For compliance
with pollution standards,
safety standards of
components and road
worthiness as per CMVR
Rules

Yes *

Registration To Local RTO
(Regional Transport
Office)/RTA(Regional
Transport Authority) By
Seller

Yes *

Availability of test reports
for all critical components
from the manufacturer or
OEM of Hydraulic system
etc shall be from any ILAC
/NABL accredited / Central
Govt Lab To be furnished to
buyers on demand

Yes *

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine Capacity (cc) 2953 *

Make and Model of Vehicle
Chassis

- *

Pay Load Capacity
(Tonne Load)

4.5 4.5 - 50.0 Or higher

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_etOHNNOkQLhC8o-Rrg_ngJUYZtbR06Lu7DVQBMnCwk


 

Type of chassis for
Vehicle

Medium Vehicle Motor(
maximum mass exceeding
3.5 tonnes but not
exceeding 12 tonnes)

Medium Vehicle Motor(
maximum mass exceeding
3.5 tonnes but not
exceeding 12 tonnes)

Chassis with Built up Cabin Yes *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Max Engine BHP 140 More than 140.0 Or higher

Rated RPM at Max
Engine BHP

2750 More than 2750.0 Or higher

Max Engine Torque N-m 360 More than 360.0 Or higher

Rated RPM at max
Engine Torque

2750 More than 2750.0 Or higher

Braking Distance (m) 5 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
(%)

25 More than 25.0 Or higher

Engine Aspiration
System

Turbocharged Intercooled Turbocharged Intercooled

Fuel Tank Capacity (Ltrs) 90 More than 90.0 Or higher

Ground Clearance (mm) 230 More than 230.0 Or higher

Floor Area (sq. mm) 6175539 6175539

Wheel Base (mm) 3335 3335.0

Kerb Weight (Kg) 2635 More than 2635.0 Or higher

Gross Vehicle Weight
(Kg)

7200 More than 7200.0 Or higher

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Radial

Drive Axle Rear *

No of Axle (Nos) 2 *

No. of Speed/ Forward Gears 5 *

Type of Steering Power Operated Power Operated

Turning Radius (mm) 7.5 More than 7.5 Or higher

Type of Front Brakes Drum *

Type of Rear Brakes Drum *

Constructional Parameters Type of Cabin Tiltable *

Overall Length (mm) 5990 *

Overall Width (mm) 2060 *

Overall Height (Cabin) (mm) 2810 *

Type and Location of Shock
Absorbers

- *

Size Of BIS marked Front
Tyre with Ply Rating

- *

Size of BIS marked Rear
Tyre with Ply Rating

8.25-16,16PR 8.25-1616pr

Chain 5 *

Material and thickness of
Flooring-Mild Steel sheet

3 More than 3.0 Or higher

                               3 / 5



 

Thickness of chequer sheet
on floor

3 *

Hydraulic Ram rear end
loading and unloading

Yes *

Performance Parameters Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test Agency
under Rule 115of CMVR
1989) (Km/Ltr)

8.5 8.5

Warranty Distance (Km) 100000 100000.0

Warranty Time (Months) 12 12.0

No of Free Service (Nos) 4 4, 5, 6, 7 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Santosh Kumar
Srivastav

273164,Nagar Palika Parishad
Nautanwa

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

6.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): LOCAL SERVICE CENTER PROOF.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

10.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the

                               4 / 5



 

relevant clause of the bid.
11.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /

service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

12.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

