












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699083

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nhpc Ltd

Total Quantity 2000

Item Category twill weave cotton fabrics cloth cotton drill

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

                               1 / 4



 

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Twill Weave Cotton Fabrics Cloth Cotton Drill ( 2000 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification Conforming to BIS
specification No IS:
177-1989 Latest

*

Variety No as per IS Variety No 4 (
mercerised and
preshrunk )

Variety No 4 (
mercerised and
preshrunk )

CERTIFICATION ISI. Marked No Yes, No

CML No ( if ISI marked ) - *

CONSTRUCTION Mass (g/ m²) 300 (variety No 4,
Bleached )

300 (variety No 4,
Bleached )

Ends per cm 43 ( for variety No 4 ) 43 ( for variety No 4 )

Picks per cm 19 *

Weave 3 up 1 down warp
faced Twill

*

COLOUR Colour Any other vat dyed
shade as per buyer's
requirements.

Any other vat dyed
shade as per buyer's
requirements.

Any other vat dyed
shade as per buyer's
requirements

- *

DIMENSIONS Width of Cloth 71 71.0

Length of Than 2.35 Mtrs 2.35 Mtrs

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uQFnKeBH0OOyq2YAgqjmVpEi9u5TCiUiqBQD6-yF6qk


 

Short length pieces of
minimum 10 mtrs and
above will be
acceptable to the
extent of 5%

Yes *

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Manufacturers
Name/Trade Mark shall
be woven on both
selvedges throughout
the length using
suitable yarn. The
same shall be clearly
visible even after
wetprocessing /
finishing. The yarn
used for weaving
manufacturers name
shall be of suitable
colour which shall not
migrate to the body of
cloth.

yes *

Shrinkage or
Elongation Percent,
Max (Warpway and
Weftway )

3.0 (V. No 3, preshrunk
quality )

3.0 (V. No 3, preshrunk
quality )

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes Yes

Name and address of
the Lab

- *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand, if claimed
to be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 4



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Suresh Chand
Thakur

176310,NHPC Office
Complex, Chamera Power
Station, Stage-II, Karian, P.O.
Hardaspura, Chamba
176310

2000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 15 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

