












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714382
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Computer Printers

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Computer Printers ( 4 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Cartridge Technology Ink Composite Cartridge,
separate toner and drum,
Ink Or higher

                               1 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Z6TXENIzmWhbrO0r-mR5gElvQGeHTT2-kx1pm__84j4


 

Printing Technology inkjet inkjet

Type of Printing Mono Mono, Colour

Paper Size A4 A4, A3 Or higher

Print Speed per minute
as per ISO/IEC 24734 in
(A4) Size - Mono

15 *

Print Speed per minute
as per ISO/IEC 24734 in
(A4) - Color

0 *

Resolution (Dpi) 1440x720 *

Memory (MB) 8 *

Hard Disk Capacity (GB) 0 *

Processor Speed 0 *

Duplexing Feature No Yes, No Or higher

Duplex Print Speed ( IPM) 0 *

Network Connectivity Yes *

Network Interface, if
available

Ethernet 10/100 *

Wireless Connectivity No Yes, No Or higher

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

NA *

USB Port Yes *

Number of Main Paper
Trays

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

Each Main Paper Tray
Capacity

100 *

Bypass Tray Facility No Yes, No Or higher

If Yes, Bypass Tray Capacity 0 *

Yield of the cartridge/Ink
Tank/Ink Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19798/2007(E) for Cyan
colour (Number of prints)

0 *

Yield of the cartridge/Ink
Tank/Ink Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19798/2007(E) for Yellow
colour (Number of prints)

0 *

Yield of the cartridge/Ink
Tank/Ink Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19752/2004(E) for Black
(Number of prints)

6000 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in case of
Separate Drum and Toner
cartridge technology -Cyan

0 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in case of
Separate Drum and Toner
cartridge technology -
Yellow

0 *

                               2 / 5



 

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in case of
Separate Drum and Toner
cartridge technology -
Magenta

0 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in case of
Separate Drum and Toner
cartridge technology - Black

0 *

Duty Cycle (No of
Prints/month)

5000 *

Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree C)

5 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree C)

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

20 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (% RH)

80 *

BIS Registration under CRS
of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration no - *

Other Certifications
Available

RoHS *

Dimensions(In mm x mm x
mm )

- *

Weight (In kg) - *

On site OEM warranty
(Years)

1 1, 3, 5, 2, 4 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********JODHPUR 4  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful Bidder :-

(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food Specification
prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification in any climate and under all
conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty period of the item is as given in the Defence Food
Specification attached from the date of acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the item is as given in
the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of stores, that the goods/ stores supplied
under the contract shall be free from all types of defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various depots and
stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the responsibility of supplier is over. At any
point of time, the DGST or his authorised representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from
locations where they are held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are
meeting the concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest means
by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised representative of the supplier

                               3 / 5



 

within three working days in whose presence the sample will be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn
unilaterally and the decision on the same will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c) above, the goods are
reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as per the Defence Food Specifications, the
stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it
having been declared (during the period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the
Director General of Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the quality as per DFS
for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as specified in the succeeding paras within a
maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer,
failing which, the buyer will take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together
with all incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the supplies were
ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his behalf in regard to these charges
will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been made without committing Govt in any way nor will
such decision prejudice the Govt rights.
(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity including GST and all
incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other incidental charges if any through CDP
(APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality.
Option 1- Supplierwill make good the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by
depositing the money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier shall
lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations where they are stored at
that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to all) on his own cost, failing which the stock
shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks
declared failed to perform within warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free
of charge, within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for such defect
by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk and cost by a station board of
officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh
validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo
similar QC procedure as followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to
the supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the defect in such an
event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under :-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of the deposition of the
claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the PBG for a
corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired, after the stipulated
time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate legal action will be initiated against the
supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the
legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved for handing over to
suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the SUPPLIER in writing that
a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the
proper communication of that consignment provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45
days of the expiry of the warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in
that behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be valid as per the
original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause and other claim(s)
that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that effect is made by the Buyer failing
which such claims will be recovered by adjustment against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum
be not sufficient to cover the full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of guarantee
regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the performance security deposit or such
portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to
final supplies.

2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

5.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the

                               4 / 5



 

relevant clause of the bid.
6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /

service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

8.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): BY SELLER
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: By Auth rep

9.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

10.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &
the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

