












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44734

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 15 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Ntpc Limited

Office Name Ssc Nr Vindhyachal

Total Quantity 200

Item Category Air Hoses

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM

                               1 / 4



 

{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Air Hoses ( 200 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Types Types of Rubber Air
Hose (as per IS
446-1987 Latest)

Rubber Air Hoses Type
2 (Working Pressure of
1.0 Mpa)

Rubber Air Hoses Type
2 (Working Pressure of
1.0 Mpa)

Specification Conformity to Indian
Standard (as per IS
446-1987 Latest)

Yes *

ISI Marked Yes Yes, No

CMC No (Hint - if ISI
Marked)

9371888 *

Construction and
Material

Reinforcement
Material

Synthetic Fiber Synthetic Fiber

Finish Type Fabric Marked Fabric Marked

Dimension Nominal Bore Size
(mm)

12.50 10.00, 12.50

Length of the
Pipe(meter)

50 10, 50

Marking Marking as per IS
Standard

Yes *

Buyer Logo on
Demand

No Yes, No

Marking on every 1
meter

Yes Yes

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NAB/IAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

No *

Test Report No 0 *

Test Report Date 0 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/FD9MncFGM-w8mEr4qV8kBM58tP6VwwyshPJVlqtJo0I


 

Name of the ab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bind Vasini Singh 486885,Central Stores, C&M
NTPC VINDHYACHAL Post
VINDHYANAGAR Distt
Singrauli MP 486885

200  30 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

5.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 
replacement (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if
Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM
undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

6.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

7.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture

                               3 / 4



 

of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

8.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

9.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 5 % of margin of purchase preference /price band defined
in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will
be awarded for percentage of 100% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

10.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

