












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/698730

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 17263

Item Category synthetic web equipment improved version

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  200 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594012011.pdf

                               1 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1773677/1594012011.pdf


 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 103578

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIG GC MZR
OFFICE OF THE DIGP , GC CRPF MUZAFFARPUR, JHAPHAN, BIHAR
(Sanjeeva Roy)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of

                               2 / 6



 

bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Synthetic Web Equipment Improved Version ( 17263 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification &
Description

Description of Item Belt Waist(Spares for
Synthetic Web
Equipment-Improved
Version) Conforming to
Specification No.
DMSRDE/T&GS/99
/440(a)

Belt Waist(Spares for
Synthetic Web
Equipment-Improved
Version) Conforming to
Specification No.
DMSRDE/T&GS/99
/440(a)

Availability of
Specification No DMSR
DE/T&GS/99/440(a)

Directorate of
Standardization,
Department of Defence
Production and
Supplies, Ministry of
Defence, H Block,
Nirman Bhawan, New
Delhi- 110011.

*

URL for Drawings for
Pouches Ammunition
(BSF Style)

http://dgserver.dgsnd.g
ov.in/rc/49121500.pdf

*

Drawings seen and
understood

Yes *

Disruptive pattern and
colour

Design of the
disruptive pattern
and colour /shade ,
including
Spares/Components
shall be as per
Buyers requirement.

Yes Yes

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes Yes

Name of lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/0RVdVgZ0m4i30A1VVVwpXZTc7a71KY_3JDn8KCeQz0w


 

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Trailokyanath
Khuntia

226002,Group Centre CRPF,
Bijnaur Lucknow, U.P-
226002

1022  90

2 Jagdish Narayan
Meena

190015,Group Centre CRPF,
Rambagh Sriagar, J&K Pin-
190015

3755  90

3 Ashok Kumar
Kanaujia

495112,GC, CRPF, Bharni,
Bilaspur Chhattisgarh,
Pin-495112

1994  90

4 Sham Chand 244901,GROUP CENTRE,
CRPF, GC CRPF, Rampur
(UP)-244901

1054  90

5 Anil Minz 803303,Group Centre, CRPF,
Mokamaghat, PO-
Mokamaghat, Distt- Patna,
Bihar, Pin- 803303

1090  90

6 Ashu Shukla 832107,GC, CRPF,
Jamshedpur, PO-
Sundernagar, Distt- East
Singhbhum, Jharkhand, Pin-
832107

512  90

7 Thongram 781023,Group Centre CRPF 2812  90

                               4 / 6



 

Debajani Devi 9th mile PO- American
District. Kamrup
Assam-781023

8 Sumer Singh
Shekhawat

474001,Group Center CRPF,
Gwalior, A.B. Road,
Nayagaon, Panihaar,
Gwalior, M.P, Pin- 474001

1326  90

9 Anil Kumar 734012,DIG GC CRPF,
Siliguri, PO- Sushruta Nagar,
Distt- Darjeeling, W.B, Pin-
734012

2270  90

10 Sunil Kumar Parth 751011,Group Centre, CRPF,
Bhubaneswar, Distt- Khurda,
Odisha, Pin- 751011

893  90

11 Deepa A K 500005,Group Centre, CRPF,
Chandrayan Gutta, PO-
Keshogiri, Hyderabad, A.P-
500005

535  90

Special terms and conditions for category synthetic web equipment improved version 

1.After award of contract, if required by buyer, Seller shall have to get Advance Sample
approved from Buyer before manufacturing / starting Bulk Supplies.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of DIGP GC
CRPF MUZAFFARPUR payable at SBI, SKMCH BRANCH.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of DIGP GC CRPF MUZAFFARPUR payable at SBI, SKMCH BRANCH. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

                               5 / 6



 

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Lab test report from any NABL
or Govt. Laboratory..

10.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

11.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

