












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704914

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Haryana

Department Name Electronics And Information Technology Department
Haryana

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Dits Rewari

Total Quantity 250

Item Category Plain Copier Paper

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Plain Copier Paper ( 250 ream )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 6



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformance to Indian
Standard

Conforming to IS14490
: Latest

*

Whether ISI Marked Yes Yes

Give CML number if ISI
marked Write NA if not
ISI marked

- *

Test Method as per
IS:1060

Yes *

Test Report Details "Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification"

Yes *

"Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer
on demand"

Yes *

Additional
Requirements for eco
mark

The material shall be
manufactured from
pulp containing not less
than 60% by mass of
pulp made from
materials other than
bamboo,hard woods
,softwoods and reed or
the material shall be
manufactured from
pulp made from
100%waste paper

Yes *

Size Size of paper A3 A3

GSM of paper 75 75

Quantity "Number of sheets
per Ream"

500 500

Physical Characteristics "ISO Brightness,perc
ent,Min"

92 92

Opacity percent,Min 91 91

"One minute Cobb
test both
sides,g/m2,Max"

28 28

"Tensile Index
Machine Direction
(MD) ,Nm/g, Min"

4500 4500

Tensile Index Cross 
Direction(CD),Nm/g,
Min

3000 3000

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/p6LLyFm9yaY60XFL6_MvxWWbOuitBETMvXbt-W4DdC8


 

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

42 42

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Cross
Direction(CD)Min,"

50 50

"Smoothness for
both sides
(Bendtsen) in
ml/min,Max"

180 180

"Ash content(900◦C)
,percent by
mass,Max"

0 0

Thickness in µm,Min 100 100

"Moisture
content,percent,Max
"

4 4

"Taber Stiffness
,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

2.2 2.2

Taber Stiffness
,Cross
Direction(CD),Min

1.2 1.2

"Surface Strength
Dennison (Wax
Pick)"

"No pick on 13 A" "No pick on 13 A"

Packing and Marking "Packing as per clause
6-1 of
IS:14490(Latest)"

Yes *

Package should be
marked with
Description,size of
Paper,Quantity,Mass of
500/250 sheets
including wrapping
paper in kg/ream
Chargeable wt should
be net wt excluding the
wt of packing,Lot
Number and
month/year of
manufacturing,Name of
manufacturer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 6



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Naveen Kumar 123401,Room no 206, 1st
floor , Mini Secretariat
Rewari Haryana

250  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): 0
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 0

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 0
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance

                               4 / 6



 

of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

7.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

8.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

9.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

10. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

12. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
14.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

15.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 20/07/2020.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

