












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709209

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name South Central Railway

Total Quantity 4395

Item Category Safety Footwear - BIS Specification

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 52696

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Sr DFM BZA
South Central Railway, Vijayawada Division , N/A, Ministry of Railways
(Sr Dfm Bza)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Safety Footwear - BIS Specification ( 4395 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical
Specification of the
Product

Personal Protective
Equipment - Safety
Footwear as per BIS
specification No IS
15298 ( Part 2 ): 2016,
Latest

Personal Protective
Equipment - Safety
Footwear as per BIS
specification No IS
15298 ( Part 2 ): 2016,
Latest

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/apSRCmdTK0XR6Gq6GuiqCW3FU-WQsMR8u5f8aevgNok


 

Specification has been
seen and Understood

Yes *

CERTIFICATION BIS Certification Yes Yes

CM/ L No if BIS marked - *

UTILITY Utility Men Men, Women

CLASSIFICATION Classification Class I ( Footwear
made from leather and
other materials,
excluding all-rubber or
all-polymeric footwear )

Class I ( Footwear
made from leather and
other materials,
excluding all-rubber or
all-polymeric footwear
), Class II ( All-rubber
(i.e. entirely
vulcanized) or all-
polymeric (i.e. entirely
moulded) footwear ),
Classification II Hybrid
Footwear

DESIGN Design A ( Low shoe ) A ( Low shoe )

PATTERN Pattern Derby *

SIZE Size 8 8, Assorted sizes (5, 6,
7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and
13) as per buyer's
requirements

MASS Mass of one pair of
Footwear ( gram )

- *

Material Upper for Class 1
Footwear

Leather Leather

Surface Finish of
Upper Leather for
Class 1 Footwear

Buff Barton Print Buff Barton Print

Material for Class II
Footwear

All Polyurethane All Polyurethane

Any other Polymeric
Material for Class II
Footwear

- *

Vamp Lining With ( Classification I
and Classification II
Footwear )

With ( Classification I
and Classification II
Footwear )

Vamp Lining
Material

Not Applicable Leather, Not Applicable

Quarter Lining No Yes, No

Quarter Lining
Material

Leather Leather

Toe Cap ( Steel ) Metallic ( Steel ) Metallic

COLOUR Colour As per buyers
requirements

*

Any other Colour as per - *

                               3 / 7



 

buyer's requirements

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Insole Yes Yes

Insocks Full Insocks Removable
and water permeable

Full Insocks Removable
and water permeable

Tongue ( For
Designation I
Footwear )

Full Bellow Tongue Full Bellow Tongue

Collar Collar with PU Foam
padding, 15 mm thick,
density 40 kg per cubic
meter

Collar with PU Foam
padding, 15 mm thick,
density 40 kg per cubic
meter, Collar with PU
Foam padding, 15 mm
thick, density 60 kg per
cubic meter

LACING/ CLOSING OF
SHOES

Closing ( Tieing ) Laces Laces

Lacing of Shoes Eyelets Eyelets

Eyelets ( Pairs ) 4 pairs 4 pairs

Material of Eyelets Powder Coated "D"type
steel ring eyelets,
riveted

Brass Eyelets, Powder
Coated "D"type steel
ring eyelets, riveted

Laces Nylon *

Cross Section Shape of
Laces

Round *

Breaking Load of Laces
( min )

750 N *

Length of Laces 130 cm *

SOLE Sole Description/
Material

Direct Moulded Single
Density Polyurethane

Direct Moulded Double
Density Polyurethane,
Direct Moulded Single
Density Polyurethane

If Any Other Material of
Sole

- *

Sole Design Cleated Cleated

Construction Single Multi layer, Single

SLIP RESISTANT Slip Resistant As per clause 5.3.5.4 of
IS 15298 ( Part 2 )- Slip
resistance on ceramic
tile floor with NaLS and
on steel floor with
glycerine

As per clause 5.3.5.2 of
IS 15298 ( Part 2 )- Slip
resistance on ceramic
tile floor with sodium
lauryl sulphate (NaLS)
solution, As per clause
5.3.5.4 of IS 15298 (
Part 2 )- Slip resistance
on ceramic tile floor
with NaLS and on steel
floor with glycerine

ADDITIONAL
REQUIREMENTS FOR
SPECIAL APPLICATIONS-

Additional
Requirements for
Special Applications-

Penetration Resistance
( Metallic anti-
penetration insert

Penetration Resistance
( Metallic anti-
penetration insert ),

                               4 / 7



 

WHOLE FOOTWEAR Whole Footwear ),Penetration
Resistance ( Non-
metallic anti-
penetration insert
),Electrical Properties-
Conductive
Footwear,Anti-static
Footwear,Electrically
Insulating
Footwear,Heat
Insulation of Sole
Complex,Cold
Insulation of Sole
Complex,Energy
absorption of seat
region,Water
resistance,Metatarsal
protection,Ankle
protection,Cut
resistance

Penetration Resistance
( Non-metallic anti-
penetration insert ),
Electrical Properties-
Conductive Footwear,
Anti-static Footwear,
Electrically Insulating
Footwear, Heat
Insulation of Sole
Complex, Cold
Insulation of Sole
Complex, Energy
absorption of seat
region, Water
resistance, Metatarsal
protection, Ankle
protection, Cut
resistance

ADDITIONAL
REQUIREMENTS FOR
SPECIAL APPLICATIONS
( UPPER )

Water penetration
and absorption

Yes Yes

ADDITIONAL
REQUIREMENTS FOR
SPECIAL APPLICATIONS
( OUTSOLE )

Additional
Requirements for
Special Applications-
Outsole

Resistance to hot
contact,Resistance to
fuel oil

Resistance to hot
contact, Resistance to
fuel oil

LOGO AND MARKING Logo/ Totem/
Emblem Marking

As per buyer's
requirements

As per buyer's
requirements

Size, design, Type and
Location of Logo as per
buyer's requirement

- *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from
Designated AHSP/
NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)

Yes Yes

                               5 / 7



 

for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Hemraj Meena 520001,O/o DRM/BZA DRM
Office Compound, South
Central Railway, Vijayawada
- 520001

4395  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have

Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.
4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): BIS certification and test report
FDDI.

10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

11.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract

                               6 / 7



 

specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Sr DFM BZA
payable at State Bank Of India.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Sr DFM BZA A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit
can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of
EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on
the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

14.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of sr dfm bza payable at 
State bank of India.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

