












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708574

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Northern Railway

Organisation Name Stores

Office Name Northern Railway

Total Quantity 1560

Item Category Industrial Safety Helmet With Lamp

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 7800

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 1

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
SrDFM/Ambala
Accounts Department, DRM Office, Northern Railway, Ambala Cantt.
(Veer Singh Yadav)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Industrial Safety Helmet With Lamp ( 1560 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 7



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

General Item Industrial Safety
Helmet With Lamp

Industrial Safety
Helmet With Lamp

Specification Conformity to
Specification of
Industrial Safety
Helmet

IS 2925 latest *

Industrial Safety
Helmet is BIS
marked

Yes Yes

Material Material
construction of the
non - metallic shell

High-density
polyethylene

High-density
polyethylene

Material
construction of the
inner harness for the
head band, anti -
concussion tape, etc
of safety helmet

Nylon Nylon

No metal parts in
helmet for use in
underground mines

Yes *

The Helmets shall be
sweat-resistant, non -
irritant and shall not
cause skin disease

Yes *

Ear Muff No *

Ear Muff Material NA NA

Ear Muff, Pads NA *

Pad Cover Ear Muff NA *

CONSTRUCTION Brim surrounding the
shell

With Peak *

No of holes on each
side

3 *

Anti-Concussion Tapes,
Anchoring Points

5 *

Water Resistant of LED
Light Industrial Safety
Helmet (Minimum)

NA *

Modes (High, Low, OFF) Yes *

Type of Lens Unbreakable
Polycarbonate Lens

*

Fitting On Helmet Fitting On Helmet Lamp Mounted on
Helmet,Cable
Clip,Lamp

Lamp Mounted on
Helmet, Cable Clip,
Lamp Bracket, Nape

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/vkzEd8AJcBmpSBBaYB6owuhWW9uEqUKd3a6dapZNzZk


 

Bracket,Nape
Strap,Chin Strap,Shock
Absorption
Resistance,Penetration
Resistance,Flammabilit
y Resistance,Electrical
Resistance,Water
Absorption

Strap, Chin Strap,
Shock Absorption
Resistance, Penetration
Resistance,
Flammability
Resistance, Electrical
Resistance, Water
Absorption

Dimension Helmet Sizes (mm) 540 540

Width of the Head Band
(mm)

41-45 *

Diameter of the hole
(mm)

5 *

Interhole (for
ventilation) distance
(mm)

5-10 *

Total aggregate area of
holes (mm)

200 *

Width of the Cradle
Strap (mm)

25 *

The strap clearance
between the top of the
wearer's head and the
inside top of the helmet
crown (mm)

36-40 *

The Headband's
wearing height (mm)

80-85 *

Width of Chin Strap
(mm)

25-30 *

Depth of Nape Strap
(mm)

121-125 *

Length of Ear Muff
(mm)

NA *

Width of Ear Muff (mm) NA *

Thickness of Ear Muff
(mm)

NA *

Tilting Head of Lamp
(Degree)

NA *

Burn Time of Lamp
(Minimum)

2.5 Hours in High Mode
and 10 Hours in Low
Mode

*

Light Output
(Minimum)

30 Lumen in Low mode
and 150 Lumen in High
mode

*

MATERIAL MASS Mass of Helmet
without attachments
(gram)

325 325

Lamp Weight with 180 *

                               4 / 7



 

Battery (gram)

Colour Colour of Helmet Yellow *

Colour of Light White *

POWER SOURCE Power Source "Rechargeable Battery" *

Battery Size, if Non
Rechargeable Battery

NA *

Battery Chemistry, if
Rechargeable Battery

Li-Ion *

"BATTERY CAPACITY
(mAh) hint: (May
indicate '0'if Not
Applicable)"

1800 *

Number of Batteries
supplied (inclusive in
the scope of supply)

0 *

Warranty Warranty of Lamp
(Year)

1 *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
confirmity to
specification

- *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sunil Kumar 133001,DIVISIONAL STORE
DEPOT NORTHERN RAILWAY,
NEAR GURUDWARA,
RAILWAY COLONY, AMBALA
CANTT. HARYANA. PIN -
133001

1560  30

                               5 / 7



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: SR.DEN/C, Ambala or
his Authorised Representative

6.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 15 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

7.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service

                               6 / 7



 

Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

