












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710951

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name North Western Railway

Total Quantity 7292

Item Category welder gloves or gauntlets

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Welder Gloves Or Gauntlets ( 7292 pairs )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 4



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification Conformity to Indian
Standard for Leather
Gauntlets - IS:2573
Latest

*

Type Type -1 Type -1

CERTIFICATION ISI MARKED No Yes, No

CML No and Date - *

MATERIAL Material as per cause
4,2 of IS: 2573 latest

Yes *

SIZE Size Medium Medium

Length 350mm ( Medium ) 350mm ( Medium )

PACKING Packing (in pairs) Yes *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from
designated AHSP/
NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/fhnLujFNnJAHVTk1fZskf_9X6QzJuhpZ0KLle8l4rss


 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sharwan Kumar 342001,General Stores
Depot, Near Railway
Workshop, Ratanada,
Jodhpur

1659  30

2 Yatindra Singh
Sahwal

305001,Diesel, Loco and
Wagon Workshop, NWR,
Ajmer

2366  30

3 Om Prakash
Palasia

305001,Diesel, Loco and
Wagon Workshop, NWR,
Ajmer

254  30

4 Bhupendra Singh 305001,Diesel, Loco and
Wagon Workshop, NWR,
Ajmer

2943  30

5 Sudhir Kumar
Sharma

307026,Diesel Shed, North
Western Railway, Aburoad

70  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.SLBR52
2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from

buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 10
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to

                               3 / 4



 

Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

