












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712535
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Out Board Motor for Rescue Boats (Marine propellers)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  60 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  300000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 60% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

                               1 / 6



 

Out Board Motor For Rescue Boats (Marine Propellers) ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Out Board Motor An outboard motor is a
propulsion system for
rescue boats, consisting of a
self-contained unit that
includes engine, gearbox
and propeller or jet drive,
designed to be affixed to
the outside of the transom
with accessories.

An outboard motor is a
propulsion system for
rescue boats, consisting of a
self-contained unit that
includes engine, gearbox
and propeller or jet drive,
designed to be affixed to
the outside of the transom
with accessories.

Specification SOLAS 74 as amended,
Regulation III/ 4 & X/3 and
LSA Code

*

Fuel Type Petrol *

Type of Engine Four Stroke Four Stroke

Maximum Power output 30 30.0

Engine Shaft Type Long *

TRANSOM HEIGHT 20 20.0

Engine Make Mercury Mercury, Suzuki, Tohatsu

CONSTRUCTIONAL Engine model number - *

Dry Weight 78 *

Engine Type SOHC *

Starting System Manual-Recoil *

Cooling System Water Cooled *

Fuel Delivery System EFI EFI

Numbers of Cylinder 3 3

Piston Displacement ( in
cm³)

526 *

Bore × Stroke (in mm) - *

Full Throttle Operating
Range (rpm)

6250 *

Fuel Tank Capacity 25 25.0

Battery Charging NA *

Alternator Rating 12v/15A *

Battery Type NA *

Battery Capacity (in AH) (
Write NA for not appicable)

- *

Steering Tiller Handle *

Remote Type NA *

Trim method position Manual Gas Assist *

Gear Shift FNR *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1Ukw0Yl4f2FX4i_wKnIy04WrZuxyKgCruprruQ9VE3Y


 

Gear Ratio - *

Drive Protection Rubber Hub *

Propeller Dimensions - *

Propeller material Aluminium Alloy Aluminium Alloy

No of blades in Propellers 3 *

Over-Rev Limiter
Mechanism

Yes *

Emergency Stop Switch
(lanyard)

YES *

Start-in Gear Protection YES *

Loop Charge Fuel Induction Yes *

Dual Water Intakes Yes *

Through Prop Hub Exhaust YES *

Water Pump Housing YES *

Fuel Tank 1 *

Fuel Attachment 1 Set *

On-board spares (OBS) 1 Engine oil filter - 03 nos. 2
Fuel Filter - 06 nos. 3 Air
Filter - 02 nos. 4 Fuel line
with priming valve and
connectors – 01 no. 5
Propeller - 01 No. 6 Spark
plug - 03 nos. 7 Spark plug
wrench -01 no. 8 Water
pump repair kit – 01 set 9
Water pump impeller – 01
no. 10 Gear oil drawn screw
washer – 06 nos. 11
Lubrication oil drain plug
washer – 02 nos. 12 Fuses
of all system complete - 02
set

*

CD Ignition System Yes *

Thermo State Controlled
Coolling System

Yes *

Shallow Water Drive Yes *

Audible Over Head Monitor Yes *

Analog Techometer No *

Digital Tachometer No *

CERTIFICATION Availability of Type Approval
to prove conformity of
declared parameters from
IRS / DG Shiping

YES *

Certificate Date - *

Certificate number - *

Compliance to latest
applicable emission Norms
of Govt of India

YES *

After Sales and Service OEM should have adequate
facilities in India for
providing after sales service
/ Technical Support and
spares including electronic

*

                               3 / 6



 

equipments for minimum
period of 10 years (after
delivery of last equipment)
including electronic
equipments

Test and Trial by the user Yes *

Warranty 1 1.0

Free Service Period 1 1.0
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********CHAMBA 1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

2.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful Bidder :-
(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food Specification
prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification in any climate and under all
conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty period of the item is as given in the Defence Food
Specification attached from the date of acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the item is as given in
the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of stores, that the goods/ stores supplied
under the contract shall be free from all types of defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various depots and
stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the responsibility of supplier is over. At any
point of time, the DGST or his authorised representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from
locations where they are held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are
meeting the concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest means
by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised representative of the supplier
within three working days in whose presence the sample will be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn
unilaterally and the decision on the same will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c) above, the goods are
reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as per the Defence Food Specifications, the
stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it
having been declared (during the period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the
Director General of Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the quality as per DFS
for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as specified in the succeeding paras within a
maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer,
failing which, the buyer will take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together
with all incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the supplies were
ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his behalf in regard to these charges
will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been made without committing Govt in any way nor will
such decision prejudice the Govt rights.

                               4 / 6



 

(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity including GST and all
incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other incidental charges if any through CDP
(APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality.
Option 1- Supplierwill make good the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by
depositing the money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier shall
lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations where they are stored at
that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to all) on his own cost, failing which the stock
shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks
declared failed to perform within warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free
of charge, within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for such defect
by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk and cost by a station board of
officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh
validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo
similar QC procedure as followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to
the supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the defect in such an
event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under :-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of the deposition of the
claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the PBG for a
corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired, after the stipulated
time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate legal action will be initiated against the
supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the
legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved for handing over to
suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the SUPPLIER in writing that
a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the
proper communication of that consignment provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45
days of the expiry of the warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in
that behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be valid as per the
original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause and other claim(s)
that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that effect is made by the Buyer failing
which such claims will be recovered by adjustment against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum
be not sufficient to cover the full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of guarantee
regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the performance security deposit or such
portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to
final supplies.

3.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

4.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before dispatch, the goods
will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized Representative or by Nominated External Inspection
Agency (independently or jointly with Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at
designated place for inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external laboratories testing
charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost.
Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will
notify the Seller about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for
testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection. Consignee's
right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his location shall in no way be limited or
waived by reason of the goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its
Nominated External Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in inspection
beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without Liquidated Damages.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

                               5 / 6



 

9.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

