












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714049
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 22:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 22:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute Of Health And
Medical Sciences (neigrihms)

Office Name Neigrihms, Shillong

Total Quantity 10000

Item Category hospital biohazard bags or bio medical waste collection bags

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  2000000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank Of Baroda

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 20000

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant

                               1 / 5



 

category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
NEIGRIHMS, Shillong
Neigrihms, Shillong, Department of Health and Family Welfare, North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health
and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
(Deputy Director Administration)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Hospital Biohazard Bags Or Bio Medical Waste Collection Bags ( 10000 kilogram )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

DIMENSIONS Length of the Bag 914 914.0, 1016.0, 1065.0,
1219.0

Width of the Bag 813 813.0, 914.0, 1016.0,
1065.0

MATERIAL Material of the Bio
Medical Waste Collection
Bags

Bio-Degradable Plastic
conforming to ASTM D 6954

Bio-Degradable Plastic
conforming to ASTM D 6954

Virgin plastic Yes *

Bio- Degradable Yes *

Thickness of the plastic
sheet ( min )

50 *

Uniform Density without
defects like tears, holes or
weak areas

Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/n_buii2JlxMT0hopEX1HgCWQGSGsjBr7L0fFLv-ggqA


 

Puncture Resistant Yes *

CERTIFICATION ISI Marked Yes *

CML. No. - *

Firm registered under
Pollution Control Board as
Manufacturer of
Biodegradable Bags

Yes *

COLOUR Colour Green (Biodegradable) Green (Biodegradable)

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Number of Bags per Kg - *

Double Seam secured edges Yes *

Leak proof Yes *

Maximum weight
withstanding capacity of
the Bag (Kg)

30 30.0, 35.0

TEST REPORT Availability of Test Report
from NABL/ ILAC accredited
or Central Government Lab
to prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Jerry Azer Sutnga 793018,P.O. NEIGRIHMS,
Mawdiangdiang, Shillong

10000  20

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Certificate for the supply of the same to any Govt/ PSU/ any renowned private organisation along

with Supply/ Purchase Order.
2.Make in india specific authorisation certificate needs to be enclosed.
3.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

                               3 / 5



 

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

5.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

6.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): ASTM/BIS/EN/ISO.

7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

8.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &
the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

9.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY
DEPOSITS payable at SHILLONG.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

10.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of NEIGRIHMS
EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be
withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released
in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped
along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS
payable at SHILLONG.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in Beneficiary name 
NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS Account No. 30270200000027 IFSC Code BARB0MAWDIA Bank Name BANK
OF BARODA Branch address MAWDIANGDIANG SHILLONG MEGHALAYA.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line
transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer along with bid.

13.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

15.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

