












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713206
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Agriculture And Co-operation Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Directorate Of Animal Husbandry

Office Name Krishi Bhavan

Total Quantity 350

Item Category Surgical Dressing Trays

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 3



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Surgical Dressing Trays ( 350 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

General Type Without Lid Without Lid

Usage For Carrying Medical
Dressing Material and
Instruments in Hospitals

*

Colour NA *

Shape Kidney Shape Kidney Shape

Size Small Small

Sterile No *

Method of Sterilization NA *

Reusable Yes *

Autoclavable Yes *

Material Material of Dressing Tray Stainless Steel Stainless Steel

Construction Lifting Arrangement of
lid

Grooved Flat Strip Grooved Flat Strip

Tray edges Curved Curved

No of Partitions 0 0

Dimension Width 165 165.0

length 88 88.0

Depth 38 38.0

Weight 260 260.0

Packing And Marking Product is BIS Marked No Yes, No

CM/L No(If product is ISI
Marked)

0 *

Type of Packing Individually Packed *

Certification Submission of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
Lab to prove the confirmity
to the declared specification
at the time of supply

Yes *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/V5azp4lBVDzn8HQGVlq0w607kQpHKFG4gf3sic245Yg


 

Product Confirmity
Certificate is to be provided
to the buyer when required

Yes *

Certification Available - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Patel Yashkumar 382330,GVK Emergency
Management & Research Institute,
Gujarat 108 Emergency
Management Center, Naroda
Kathwada Road, Ahmedabad -
Gujarat

350  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25

percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk

manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

