












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/693413

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Naps

Total Quantity 1

Item Category M S Structural Plate as per IS 2062 (Unit- Mass)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

M S Structural Plate As Per IS 2062 (Unit- Mass) ( 1 tonne )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/gz0Lv4BDlsrGcdFksWTASuH0BIJWII-tN4nJ1yUNb_0


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Steel Producer Type Primary Producer of
steel

*

Mild Steel Plate
Specification

HOT ROLLED MEDIUM
AND HIGH TENSILE
STRUCTURAL STEEL
conforming to IS:2062
latest

HOT ROLLED MEDIUM
AND HIGH TENSILE
STRUCTURAL STEEL
conforming to IS:2062
latest

Constructional Dimensions of Steel
Plates

in compliance to IS
1730

*

Nominal Thickness
of Plate

16 *

Nominal Length of
Plate

12500 *

Nominal Width of
Plate

2500 *

Mode of Deoxidation Killed/Semi-Killed *

Supply Condition as-rolled *

Performance Steel Grade
Designation

E 250 E 250, E 275, E 300, E
350, E 410, E 450, E
550, E 650

Quality Of Steel as
applicable

BR : Impact test
optional; if required at
room temperature;
semi-killed/killed

*

Nominal Mass per
Metre of Plates as per
Table 3 of IS 1730
(Kg/m)

314 *

Nominal Mass per
Plates / Sheet

3925 *

Certifications BIS Marking to IS 2062
latest

Yes *

BIS CM/L No - *

Type Test Report OEM test Report as per
specification for
complete lot to be
submitted along with
the supply to prove
conformity of product
for declared
parameters to the
Inspecting Officer/
Consignee by the
Primary Producer

OEM test Report as per
specification for
complete lot to be
submitted along with
the supply to prove
conformity of product
for declared
parameters to the
Inspecting Officer/
Consignee by the
Primary Producer,
Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC

                               2 / 4



 

accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification for the
Secondary Producer

Test Report Number
and Date in case of
Secondary Producer

- *

Name and Address of
Lab for Secondary
Producer

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gaurav Singh 202389,NARORA ATOMIC
POWER STATION PO NAPP
TOWNSHIP NARORA
BULANDSHAHR UP

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

3. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

4.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or

                               3 / 4



 

service.
5.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

