












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699258

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nhpc Ltd., Chutak Power Station

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Gum (Paper Adhesives, Liquid Gum and Office Paste
Type)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Gum (Paper Adhesives, Liquid Gum And Office Paste Type) ( 100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 2257 :
Latest

Yes *

ISI Marked No Yes, No

BIS Licence Number - *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./State
Govt/NABL/IL AC
accredited Lab
showing
conformation to the
IS Specification

Yes Yes, No

Test Report Number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Material Material Type B Type B, Type C

Packing Size Packing Size (Grams) 10 10 - 1000
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Binod Kumar
Singh

194103,Chutak Power
Station, Minji, Kargil,
Laddakh

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership

or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/A-HnfCYu8QTJcmsQX9AJd1oY66Zr5YunmuG7k1l4frs


 

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 1 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

