












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/695723

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Urban Development Department Karnataka

Organisation Name Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development And
Finance Corporation (kuidfc)

Office Name Davanagere Smart City Limited

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Utility Vehicles

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  28 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank AXIS BANK LTD

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 3705

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank AXIS BANK LTD

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 3

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
GM-TECH
Davanagere Smart City Limited, Urban Development Department Karnataka, Karnataka Urban
Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation (KUIDFC) ,
(Satheesh M)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Utility Vehicles ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine
Capacity (cc)

1493 More than 1493.0 Or
higher

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Vehicle Colour type Both solid and metallic Both solid and metallic

Colour of the vehicle - white

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(in KM/Litre)

16.7 16.7 - 50.0 Or higher

Engine Gradeability
(Degree)

10.2 10.2 - 50.0 Or higher

Air Conditioning With With

Engine BHP@rpm - *

Engine Torque
(Max.)@rpm (N-
m@rpm)

- *

Number of Cylinders
in Engine

3 3.0 - 10.0 Or higher

Type Of Vehicle Body Chassis Frame *

Seating Capacity 7 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

60 *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

180 More than 180.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base 2680 2680.0 - 5000.0 Or
higher

Boot Space (Ltrs) 394 *

Kerb Weight 1570 1570.0 - 5000.0 Or
higher

Gross Vehicle
Weight

2220 2220.0

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Radial

Size Of Tyre - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Cg7wuB7GPg_n5lc5imKgNmZyd1uZhrmj68lo_6pGhqU


 

No. of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 5.0 - 10.0 Or higher

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel Drive( Rear
Wheel)

Two Wheel Drive( Rear
Wheel)

Drive Axle Rear Rear

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius (mm) 5800 *

Vehicle Brake ABS
Fitted

Yes Yes

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake Disc Brake

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake Drum Brake

Vehicle Air Intake
System

TurboCharged TurboCharged

Driver Airbag yes *

Battery Make - *

Vehicle Gradeability
(in Degrees)

10.2 10.2 - 50.0 Or higher

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT
Number

- *

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Time 36 36.0

Battery Warranty 12 12.0

Warranty Distance
(unlimited during
warranty period)

No *

Warranty Distance(in
KM) (If not unlimited
during warranty period)

- *

No of Free Services 3 3.0 - 20.0 Or higher

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Transportation
Charges including
transient insurance
and temporary
registration(in Rs)

- 10.5

Constructional
Parameters

No.of Doors (Nos.) 5 *

Length of Vehicle
Body

3995 3995.0 - 10001.0 Or
higher

Width of Vehicle
Body

1745 1745.0 - 3000.0 Or
higher

Height of Vehicle
Body

1880 1880.0 - 3000.0 Or
higher

Type of Wheel Simple Simple

Size of Wheel 15 *

                               4 / 8



 

Central Locking Yes *

Co -Driver Airbag No Yes, No

Side Airbag Rear No Yes, No

Rear seatbelt Yes Yes, No

Leather Seats No Yes, No

Day & Night View
Mirror

With With, Without

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prashanth H Y 577004,#1776/A85/A86,
Siddaveerappa layout,
Shamanur Road,
Davanagere

1  45

Special terms and conditions for category Utility Vehicles 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like

                               5 / 8



 

Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the

                               6 / 8



 

following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): REQUIRED
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: REQUIRED

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               7 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

http://www.tcpdf.org

