












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714886
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And Employees Of Urban
Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Musafirkhana Amethi

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Water Tanker mounted on Four Wheels Trailer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  15 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  568760

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Water Tanker Mounted On Four Wheels Trailer ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of Trailers Balanced Trailer (Double
Axle)

Balanced Trailer (Double
Axle)

Capacity of water tank in
litre

6000 6000

Net water carrying
capacity in liter

4000 More than 4000.0 Or higher

Material used for
fabrication of water tank

SS 304G conforming to IS
6911

SS 304G conforming to IS
6911

Thickness of the water
tank plate(min)(mm)conf
orming to IS:6911

4 More than 4.0 Or higher

Gross weight of water
tank in Kilogram

1150 More than 1150.0 Or higher

Capacity of Trailer (Gross
Load in Tonne)

8 8

Material used for fabrication
of trailer as per Clause-5,
Table-1 of IS:8213 (Latest)

Yes *

Type of Axle Assembly (The
capacity of Single Axle
Trailers is not more that 5
Tonnes)

Double Axle (Load carrying
capacity upto 10 Tonne)

*

Overall length of Trailers 5.6 Less than 5.6 Or lower

Overall Width of Trailers
between extreme points

2.3 Less than 2.3 Or lower

Overall Height of Trailers
with tyre inflated from
the supporting surface
to top of platform

1.45 Less than 1.45 Or lower

Overall Height of Trailers 2.1 Less than 2.1 Or lower

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/MxjTYEkqNdJLNoRUkkxbPcZR9hI2T2UZIJxxzB7Oto8


 

with tyre inflated from
the supporting surface
to sideboard

Ground Clearance 300 More than 300.0 Or higher

Tipping Facility No No

If Tipping facility then
Provide the tipping Angle in
Degree

0 *

Axle Assembly Wheel Track 1110 *

Axle Assembly dimensions
as per Table-2 of IS:8213
(Latest)

Yes *

Reto Reflective Marking
(tapes) as per AIS -090

Yes *

Lighting and Lighting -
signalling device as per AIS-
62

Yes *

Trailers shall have service
and parking brake as per
AIS- 43

Yes *

The Trailers shall be fitted
with pneumatics tyres and
rims of suitable size
confirming to IS 13154
:1991 and IS 10694 :1988

Yes *

Ladder provision on back
side of tank

Yes *

Material of Ladder SS:304 G *

Dimension of Ladder - *

The tanker shall have the
provision of one main
delivery valve at bottom of
tanker and one number
outlet at the back side of
tanker

Yes *

Number of Wheels Four *

Constructional Parameters ISI marked ISMC channel
used for fabrication of
Chassis and frame mounting
on chassis

Yes *

Type of spring suspension
system (as per IS:1135) for
load carrying capacity

- *

Dimensions of Spring Leaf - *

Diameter of the Axle of
chassis (Min)

80 More than 80.0 Or higher

No of spring leaves
plates fitted

15 More than 15.0 Or higher

Lashing hooks for towing
down load

Yes *

No of Hooks 1 More than 1.0 Or higher

Type of Towing Device - *

Capacity of Towing 7 More than 7.0 Or higher

                               3 / 5



 

Painted Colour on the
Trailers as per AIS 112

Red *

Two coat of Red Oxide and
one coat of black Paint

Yes *

the tanker will be buffing
with dull shine inside and
outside of tanker

Yes *

Turntable ring made of
50x50x5mm thick MS angle
with Male Female bush type
of 8 mm thick with suitable
fittings

Yes *

Logo and Slogan writing as
specified by buyer

Yes *

JETTING Pump water
capacity LPM

38 *

Pump pressure 150 More than 150.0 Or higher

High pressure gun High pressure gun suitable
for 38 LPM/150 Bar

*

Un loader valve Un loader valve for 38 LPM
150 Bar

*

Direction Valve Suitable for hydraulic
control system

*

Jetting hose Jetting hose 20 Meter of 3/8
Dia (9.525mm)

*

Hose reel Auto rewind *

Water Strainer Water filter will be provided
for clean water for jetting
machine

*

The Jetting pump will be
operated by Power take off
of the tractor

Yes *

Certification Conformity to standards IS 8213:2000 with latest
amdmnt., AIS: 112 with
latest amndmt.

*

Necessary clearance from
RTO for design of water
tanker to be obtain before
supply of Trailer as per
applicable RTO rules in
States

Yes *

RTO approval Number and
date

- *

"Avaliability of Test report
fron approved Laboratory to
prove conforming to
specification as per AIS 043"

Yes *

Test report No And date - *

Name of the testing
Laboratory

- *

Availability of NSIC
registration certificate for
water tanker

Yes *

Certificate no and date hint:
If not regd say "NA"

- *

                               4 / 5



 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Radheram Verma 227813,Nagar Panchayat -
Musafirkhana, Amethi

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /

service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

