












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/698128

  Dated: 04-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 14-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 14-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Allahabad

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Almirah Steel

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Almirah Steel ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Conformity to Indian
Standard IS:3312
latest

No No

No of shelves (Nos) 3 3

Type of Shelves Fixed Fixed

Locker Provided Yes Yes

Locking System with
the locker

YES YES

Cloth hanging provision
in the Almirah

No *

Number of Doors
(Nos)

2 2

Door Stiffner upto
full door height
Provided with the
almirah doors

No No

Number of Hinges
with each door (Nos)
- No hinges if having
sliding door with top
hanging
arrangement

3 3

Number of Glass
Sheet fixed in each
Almirah door (Nos)

N.A N.A

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ZhqBmxR4-KuqqoSOUm-J3K5xIxbTTenYD0eJzs11-E4


 

Construction Welded Welded

Lock Three Way bolting
device controlled by
lock

Three Way bolting
device controlled by
lock

MATERIAL Material M.S sheet conforming
to commercial quality
CR- 1,Grade 340 of IS
513:2008 (reaffirmed
2013)(Fifth
Revision)Amdt. no.1

M.S sheet conforming
to commercial quality
CR- 1,Grade 340 of IS
513:2008 (reaffirmed
2013)(Fifth
Revision)Amdt. no.1

Material of Almirah
Doors

M S Sheet M S Sheet

Sheet Thickness of
Locker

0.7 mm 0.7 mm

Length of Glass
Sheet ±10 (mm)

N.A N.A

Width of Glass Sheet
±10 (mm)

N.A N.A

Sheet Thickness of
door in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Sheet Thickness of
sides,back , Top and
Bottom

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Sheet Thickness of
Shelves

0.6 mm 0.6 mm

Sheet Thickness of
Pedestal in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Material of Lock steel steel

Material of Keys steel steel

DIMENSION Height (Without
Pedestal) (in mm)
(+/- 10 mm)

1000 1000

Width in mm (± 7
mm)

760 760.0

Depth in mm (±5
mm)

430 430.0

Inside Height of
Locker in mm (± 5
mm)

290 mm 290 mm

Inside Width of
Locker in mm (±5
mm)

380 mm 380 mm

Inside Depth of
Locker in mm (±5
mm)

430 mm 430 mm

Width of Stiffner in
mm (±5 mm)

115 mm 115 mm

                               3 / 5



 

Thickness of MS
Sheet of Stiffner (in
mm)

0.6 mm 0.6 mm

Stiffened Pedestal
height in mm (±2
mm)

120 120

Pedestal Width in
mm (±2 mm)

70 70

COLOUR & FINISH Finish powder coated powder coated

Colour of Paint ash gray *

Packing: Bubble Sheet *

CERTIFICATION ISI marked No *

WARRANTY WARANTEE PERIOD
IN NUMBER OF
YEARS

1 1

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Harish Chandra
Balmiki

211010,Jalkal Vibhag Nagar
Nigam Prayagraj
Khushrobagh, Prayagraj in
front of Railway Station
Leader Road Prayagraj

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

3.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the

                               4 / 5



 

currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

7.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

