












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700297

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 17-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 17-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd

Office Name Petroleum House

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Disinfection System- Spraying type

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM

                               1 / 5



 

{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Disinfection System- Spraying Type ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Requirements Machine Type Back pack unit with
pump, battery and
storage tank along with
spray gun with
connecting hose

*

Material of machine HDPE tank with
Stainless steel sprayer
Lance

*

Length of Sparyer
Lance (in mm

200 *

Min water tank
capacity (liters)

15 *

Chemical used is free
from organic solvents
and allergies

Yes *

Chemical used for
disinfection

Calcium Hypo chlorite *

Utility Kills viruses, bacteria,
algae and moulds

*

Form in which chemical
is loaded

Powder *

Method of loading of
chemical

manual mixing of
powder in the tank

*

Hydro Venturi should
have container to hold
jacketed solid
cylindrical tablet

NA *

Type of tablet to be
used in container

NA *

dia of tablet (in mm)
write zero if NA

0 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_ZcrAuPS3HBFu4SQyoWI6ACD0gTdcBDC-x2cvFQTDx0


 

Length of tablet (in
mm) write zero if NA

0 *

Sanitizer chemical
solution produced by
each tablet(in
Litres)write zero if NA

0.3 *

Calcium Hypo Chlorite
can centra ion in the
spray solution (in PPM)

250 *

Pressure (in bars) 6 *

Hydro Venturi system
Material

NA *

Indicator for the power
On/Battery charging
mode

yes *

Weight of hydro venturi
system (in kgs)

1 *

Spraying capacity with
one tank filling

4 *

Net Weight (In kgs) - *

Batteries Power Source Internal - Rechargeable
Battery with battery
Charge

Internal - Rechargeable
Battery with battery
Charge

Battery Chemistry Li-ion Li-ion

Battery Size
(Alkaline battery)

AA AA

Battery Operating
Voltage (individual
battery)

12 *

Number of Batteries
required for
operation

1 1

Battery Operating
Duration (Minimum)
(In hr)

4 4

Battery Charger for
Rechargeable
Batteries inclusive in
the scope of supply

Yes Yes

Test report Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
confirmity 1 to
specification

YES *

Test Report to be
furnished to the 2
buyer on demand

YES *

                               3 / 5



 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sanjiv Mili 400008,HPCL, Richardson &
Cruddas Building, 2nd Floor,
J J Road, Byculla, Mumbai -
400008

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be

                               4 / 5



 

borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

