












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707764

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Odisha

Organisation Name Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited (osmcl)

Office Name Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited

Total Quantity 850000

Item Category Urine Test Strips

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 130900

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
General Manager Operation (Equipment)
Odisha State Medical Corporation Limited, Health and Family Welfare Department Odisha, Odisha
State Medical Corporation Limited (OSMCL) ,
(Saubhagya Ranjan Ransingh)

Splitting

Seller Splitting in percentage

L1 50

L2 30

L3 20

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Bid Splitting: L1 would be awarded contract for highest percentage indicated in the bid splitting
ratio. For the rest of the bid quantity, the L-1 rates / lowest accepted rate will be counter offered to
the next higher quoting bidder(s) for price matching. On acceptance of the counter offer, the order
will be placed on next higher quoting bidder(s) for the respective percentage. In case of
nonacceptance of the counter offer by the next higher quoting bidder(s), a similar offer shall be
made to L3 and L4, and so on. In case counter offered rates are not accepted for ratio of splitting
quantity as per bid document by any of the subsequent bidders, the left over quantity will be
divided between bidders who have accepted the rates in the ratio of their originally allocated
quantities subject to their confirmation and after getting consent on mutually agreed delivery
schedule for the additional quantity.

                               2 / 6



 

4. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Urine Test Strips ( 850000 strip )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Urine Test Reagent
Strips

*

Purpose To determine
pathological changes in
a patient’s urine in
standard urinalysis

*

The entire reagent
strips should be
disposable

Yes *

Each strip should be
stable and ready to use
upon removal from the
bottle

Yes *

PRODUCT
INFORMATION

Material of Strips Paper *

Detects Glucose,Protein,Ketone
,Bilirubin,Urobilinogen,
Specific Gravity,Blood,p
H,Nitrite,Leucocytes

Glucose, Protein,
Ketone, Bilirubin,
Urobilinogen, Specific
Gravity, Blood, pH,
Nitrite, Leucocytes

Detection Type Semi- Quantitative *

Results should be
obtained by direct
comparison of the strip
with the color blocks
printed on the bottle
lable

Yes *

All the reagent strips
should withstand
temperature between
15°- 30°C (59°- 86°F)

Yes *

PACKING The urine reagent
strips should be packed

Yes *

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uFBI8DBkhuhob0lOG6MI0YV0b09O7kFH1_go516Q7nk


 

along with a drying
agent in air tight plastic
bottle

Number of strips
packed in one bottle

100 *

CERTIFICATIONS &
REPORTS

Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited Lab to prove
the conformity to the
declared specification
(Proof of the same to
be submitted to buyer
on demand)

YES *

Availability of Valid
Drug License from the
appropriate Drug
Authority defined under
Drugs and Cosmetics
Act, 1940(Proof of the
same to be submitted
to buyer on demand)

For Sale or Ditribution
of Urinalysis Strips

*

Drung License Number - *

Drug License date - *

ISO 13485/ ICMED
13485 Certified
Manufacturer (Proof of
the same to be
submitted to buyer on
demand)

YES *

Product Certifications
(Proof of the same to
be submitted to buyer
on demand)

EU-CE (IVD) *

Four digit number of
notified body If product
is EU-CE certified

- *

Certificatiion Number - *

Certificatiion Date - *

Certification Issuing
Authority

- *

SHELF LIFE Shelf life from the
date of manufacture
(months)

18 18, 24, 30, 36 Or
higher

Shelf Life after first
opening of the pack
(months)

3 3, 4, 6, 8 Or higher

The product should not
have passed more than
1/6 of the total shelf

YES *

                               4 / 6



 

life at the time of
dispatch to the
consignee

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SAUBHAGYA
RANJAN
RANSINGH

751007,Odisha State
Medical Corporation Limited,
Infront of Ram Mandir,
Convent Square, Unit-3,
Bhubaneswar

850000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of

                               5 / 6



 

certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Odisha
State Medical Corporation Ltd. payable at Bhubaneswar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of  Odisha State Medical
Corporation Ltd. payable at Bhubaneswar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

14.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of  Odisha State Medical Corporation Ltd. payable at Bhubaneswar. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

