












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705500

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Basic Education Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Director Basic Education, Lucknow

Total Quantity 14

Item Category interactive panels and accessories

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  23 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  49 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Estimated Bid Value  9800000

EMD Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Interactive Panels And Accessories ( 14 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Display Type LCD LCD

Display Panel
Diagonal size (mm)

1907 1907

Width of The
Effective Display
Area of The Panel
(mm)

1651 1651

Height of The
Effective Display
Area of The Panel
(mm)

925 925

Backlight
Technology

LED LED

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/lXsJATE-JI5ab6W2XBDVVBdd0kQ-uasZUu_63-D9zMo


 

Display Resolution
(Pixels)

3840X2160 3840X2160

Display Brightness
(Nits)

340 340

Display Aspect Ratio 16:9 *

Touch interface Touch sensitive as well
as pen driven

Touch sensitive as well
as pen driven

Touch Technology Infrared optical Infrared optical

Number of touch
points (Number)

9 9

Response time (milli
seconds)

4 4

Operating System
Compatibility

- *

Number of Input HDMI
ports

4 *

Number of USB 2.0
ports (Nos.)

5 *

Number of USB 3.0
ports (Nos.)

2 *

Number of Audio Input
ports (Number)

1 *

Number of audio output
ports (Nos.)

1 *

Number of RS-232 C
ports (Nos.)

1 *

Number of RJ 45 ports
(Nos.)

1 *

Number of VGA-IN
ports (Number)

2 *

Number of VGA-OUT
ports (Number)

1 *

Provision of in built
speakers

Yes Yes

Provision for wall
mounting

Yes *

Bluetooth connectivity No *

Wi-Fi connectivity Yes *

Number of electronic
pen or stylus to be
supplied with the board
(Nos)

2 *

Details of software
provided

- *

Power Supply Voltage 100-240 *

                               3 / 5



 

in AC (Volts)

Power consumption
(Watts)

125 *

Operating Temperature
Range (degree celsius)

- *

Operating Humidity
(%)RH

- *

Installation Kit to be
supplied alongwith the
Panel

Yes *

All connecting Cables
and accessories to be
supplied along with the
Panel

Yes *

BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number & its Validity

- *

Availability of test
reports from Central
Govt /NABL / ILAC
accredited Lab
covering all the
parameters

Yes *

Test Report Number - *

Test Report date - *

Name of Test lab - *

Address of the Test lab - *

On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 3

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dhirendra Kumar 212207,BSA OFFICE GB
NAGAR BEHIND D.M. OFFICE

14  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5



 

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

