












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699158

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 2

Item Category X-Ray Machine (500 mA)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  16 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  32 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

CMC Required  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 99240

                             1 / 12



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director GMSCL
Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Block 14 Dr.Jivraj Mehta Bhavan Sector
10-Gandhinagar 382010
(Dr.suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                             2 / 12



 

X-Ray Machine (500 MA) ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Certification

- *

Certification number
and date

- *

Type test approval
from AREB required

Yes *

AREB approval
certificate number of
Particular Model

- *

Confirmity to
manufacturing
standards

Both ISO 13485 and
ICMED 13485

*

Conformity to safety
standards

IEC 60601-2-54 or BIS
equivalents

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose For Radiography
examinations

*

Type of Frequency
generator

High frequency
generator

High frequency
generator

Frequency generator
output in kW

80 *

KVP range in KV 40 -125 *

Current output 500 mA or more at 100
kV

*

Provision of
Anatomical
programming
radiography

Yes Yes

Over loading protection Yes *

X-ray tube positioning Floor Mount Tube stand *

X ray tube should be
high speed rotating
anode and must have
dual focus

Yes *

Tube rotation in degree 120 *

Size of large focal spot
in mm

Upto 2 mm *

Size of small focal spot
in mm

Upto 1 mm *

                             3 / 12

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Sh7HvZFeXnq9WrHsqYl0XU1I78L3yLgKIelNAlFoAJg


 

Anode Rotation Speed
(minimal) per minute

3200 *

Permanent Filtration 0.9 mm Al / 75 kV *

Anode heat storage
capacity

600 *

Heat dissipation rate 1750 *

Automatic exposure
control device provided

Yes *

Maximum Exposure
time in milli second

upto 15 upto 15

Digital display for KVP
& mAs provided

Yes *

Range of tube
movements in vertical
planes in cm

180 *

Range of tube
movements in
longitudinal in cm

200 *

Range of tube
movements in lateral
planes in cm

220 *

Electromagnetic brakes
with fully counter
balanced mechanism
for tube movement

Yes *

Facility to display tube
angulation

Yes *

Centering devices to be
provided

Yes *

Maximum source to
image distance (SID) in
vertical position in cm

180 *

Maximum source to
image distance (SID) in
horizontal position in
cm

120 *

Collimeter rotation in
degree

±180 *

Multileaf collimator
having halogen
lamp/bright light
source, with auto shut
off provision of the
light, should be
available

Yes *

Minimum intensity of
light field lamp

≥150 lux ≥150 lux

                             4 / 12



 

Full coverage size at a
100 cm SID(collimeter
size) with ± 5 percent
tolerances

430 x 430 *

Type of table provided Floating table top *

Table top material
with low attenuation
and scratch resistant
surface

Carbon fiber Carbon fiber

Table Length in mm
with ± 1 percent
tolerances

2250 *

Table Width in mm with
± 1 percent tolerances

820 *

Table Height in mm
with ± 1 percent
tolerances

860 *

System should have
longitudinal and
horizontal table top
movements

Yes *

Table should have
provision for lateral
imaging, without
patient movement

Yes Yes

Range of movements
for the table

Transverse movements
of + 10cm or more &
Longitudinal
movements+ 40 cm
with electromagnetic
brakes

*

Facilities of height
adjustments

Yes Yes

Maximum Patient
weight supported by
table in kgs

300 *

Foot switches for
adjusting
longitudinal/side to
side movements,
locking, and light
adjustment

Yes Yes

Movable Grid with grid
ratio

10:1 or more *

Anti-collision and
safety devices
provided

Yes Yes

Counterbalanced,
adjustable height, wall
and floor mounted,

Yes *

                             5 / 12



 

vertical Bucky

SID range of
radiographic
application including
chest radiography in
mm

1000 to 1800 *

Provision of doing
chest radiography
without grid

Yes Yes

Power supply Three Phase AC (
380-440 V,50/60 Hz)

*

Number of
installations of the
X- ray machines in
Central /State/PSU
Govt Hospitals
(Note: Seller should
furnish a
performance
certificate of the
device to the buyer
in case demanded
after placement of
the order)

>3 <3, >3

OEM and Reseller (if
supplier is re-seller)
shall ensure
uninterrupted
availability of all spares
for 10 years

Yes *

Availability of toll
free facility for
technical support
maintened by OEM
or authorized
agencies

Yes Yes

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment and training
to be provided after
completing supplies
before acceptance

Yes *

Comprehensive
Warranty in years

5 5

Additional Parameters Patient fixing belts
and compression
device (for
performing
excretory urography,

Yes Yes

                             6 / 12



 

etc)

Voltage stabilizer servo
controlled in kVA

100 *

Lead lining for doors Yes *

Lead Aprons - Full body
and Skirt type (Each )

2 each (0.5pb) *

Light weight zero
lead radiation
protection aprons
provided

Yes Yes

Thyroid shields
supplied

4 *

Gonad sheet Male
supplied

2 *

Gonad sheet Female
supplied

2 *

Wall mounted stand for
radiation protection
aprons supplied

Yes *

Lead glass window
Supplied

Yes *

Footsteps for the table
supplied

Yes *

Lateral cassette
holder provided

Yes Yes

Reports The Principal
Manufacturer must
have direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

Copies of reports and
certifications to be
furnished to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies

Yes *

QA, QC and other tests
as per NABH shall be
carried out by OEM or
authorized agency of
OEM

Yes *

Copies of all calibration
and test reports to be
submitted at the time
of Supply of Machine

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                             7 / 12



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dr Ganesh
Govekar

395001,New Civil Hospital
Campus, Majura Gate, Surat

2  15

Special terms and conditions for category X-Ray Machine (500 mA) 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and

                             8 / 12



 

maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

7.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

                             9 / 12



 

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited A/C (Name of the
Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand
or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited Account
No. 32638352973 IFSC Code SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address 
NSC Branch, Gandhinagar.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Managing
Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited payable at Gandhinagar .
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

14.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

15.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of not more than 10% (Upload the undertaking). The
original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and
verification of AMC Performance Security for 5% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period
plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).

Additional Clause For Comprehensive Maintenance Charges 

  1.CMC shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as per technical/ service
/operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares, after satisfactory completion
of Warranty. During the CMC period commencing from date of the successful completion of
warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site as recommended in the
manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six months. CMC shall not be
including the consumables. Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during CMC period on 24
(hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend CMC period by double the downtime

                            10 / 12



 

period.

  2.CMC charges to be indicated as percentage of cost of equipment quoted for each year after the
warranty period.

  3.GST shall be included in the CMC Charges quoted.

  4.Cost of CMC will be added for Ranking/Evaluation purpose with depreciation formula. A 10%
discounting rate per year shall be applied on CMC Charges for price evaluation on present value.

  5.The payment of CMC will be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period,
duly certified by end user.

  6.While creating a bid or RA buyers shall indicate whether CMC is required against Yes/No options.
If CMC Charges are included an option for number of years for CMC required after the warranty
period shall be available. Under this options up to 5 years can be chosen for CMC charges beyond
warranty period.

  7.The CMC functionality shall be available in bid only and no direct RA shall be applicable. In case
of bid to RA decrement rules shall be applicable on total price inclusive of CMC charges. Bunching of
products shall not be available while creating bids with CMC charges.

  7.1. Buyer shall indicate number of years of warranty by selecting option of 2 or 5 available in the
field depending on warranty parameter applicable in category parameters for the equipment. The
Seller while participating in Bid/RA will get fields to indicate CMC charges as percentage depending
on number of years of CMC selected by Buyer. The following shall be applicable If 5 year CMC
selected  

CMC charges for first year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated- A 1
CMC charges for second year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A2
CMC charges for third year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A3
CMC charges for fourth year after warranty period – Fixed amount to be indicated A4
CMC charges for 5th year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A5

7.2. The calculation of CMC Charges shall take in to account of number of years of warranty and
duration of CMC as specified while creating bid.

  7.3. In the price evaluation, the system shall provide function to calculate the cost of each
equipment by formula indicated below including CMC and then show the inter-se- ranking of the
bidders. The following are the variables.

  (i) Number of years for which CMC required.
  (ii) Number of years of warranty. The formula for calculating total cost including CMC charges shall
be :

  Total cost for evaluation= C+ C*( A1/100) /(1.10n) + A2/100/(1.10n+1)+ A3/100/(1.10n+2)+
A4/100/(1.10n+3) + A5/100/(1.10n+4)
  C – Cost for equipment quoted and n shall be number of years of warranty specified
  If 2 year warranty specified n shall be 2 and if 5 year specified n shall be 5.

  A1,A2 A3 A4 A5 shall depend on how many years CMC selected If 3 year means only A1,A2 and A3
factor to be not taken in to account and A4 and A5 will not be applicable

  7.4. CMC charges to be indicated for each subsequent year should be same or higher than
preceding year.

  7.5. The CMC charges shall be offered within range of 3 to 10% of cost of equipment.

                            11 / 12



 

  8. Since CMC charges are to be paid only later for each year during CMC period , applicable
performance guarantee amount after placement of contract shall be based on the cost of equipment
and not on basis of cost of equipment along with CMC Charges.

  9. Performance bank guarantee applicable for CMC is to be submitted at start of the CMC and shall
be applicable 5% as specified in bid on the total contract value including CMC Charges The PBG
submitted  after award of contract shall be released only after new PBG for the CMC period is
submitted and accepted by buyer/consignee after due verification. Bank guarantee for CMC is to
remain valid till completion of CMC period plus one year .The bank guarantee for CMC shall be
submitted to buyer directly.

  10. In case of splitting of quantity equipment cost and CMC charges offered by L-1 in the evaluated
cost shall be matched by higher quoting eligible bidders on one to one basis .The equipment cost
shall be matched and CMC charges shall be matched year to year.

  11. The CMC Contract shall be an offline contract to be handled by buyer. The payment of CMC will
be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by end user
and scope of CMC will be as per para 1 above.

  12. The above terms and conditions shall be part of the bid as well as part of the contract. 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            12 / 12

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

