












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709468

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 65

Item Category servo control drive-Servo motor operated LVC

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 8083

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

                               1 / 5



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
EME SO SRE
HQ 15 Corps, Department of Defence, Indian Army, Ministry of Defence
(Oic Sre)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Servo Control Drive-Servo Motor Operated LVC ( 65 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Conformation of servo
motor operated LVC to

IS:9815 (Pt-1) for single
phase

*

KVA rating (KVA) No of Phase: Three,
Rated KVA: 3 x 10

No of Phase: Three,
Rated KVA: 3 x 10

BIS Marked No No

CM/L No (BIS Marked if
Yes must declare CM/L
Number IF No Write
NA)

- *

Warranty (Years) 1 Year 1 Year

CONSTRUCTIONAL Number of phases
on output

Three ( 3 single phase
connected in star)

Three ( 3 single phase
connected in star)

Input voltage range
per phase (Volt)

120-280 120-280

Output (Volt) (+/-
1%)

240 Volt 240 Volt

Type of cooling Oil cooled ( with oil) Oil cooled ( with oil)

Quantity of oil (Litres) - *

Transformer (s) Copper *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/3UCuiUF6f7m_8ezObDTqjOZW08LNGKPT8bn4S9wQg7c


 

winding material

FUNCTIONAL Efficiency at rated
output (%)

>/= 95% *

Power factor >/=0.95 *

Continuous duty Yes *

No load loss at
minimum rated input
(Watt), and maximum
rated input voltage
(Watt) shall conform to
IS:9815 latest:

Yes *

Full load loss at
minimum rated input
and at maximum rated
input voltage (Watt)
shall conform to
IS:9815 latest:

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification

Yes *

Test Report No - *

Test Report date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********SRINAGAR 65  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.

                               3 / 5



 

ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

5.Demurrage charges In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the
demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In
case the items are not lifted within a month, the same will be destroyed by the station board
of officers and no claim will be admitted.Demurrage charges. In case the rejected items are
not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total
contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within a month, the
same will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.

6.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

7.Packing Material The items will be supplied by the successful bidder in its original packing
material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing material will not
be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items will be counted. The
packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will not be accepted in
non-standardized weights.Packing Material. The items will be supplied by the successful
bidder in its original packing material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight
of packing material will not be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items
will be counted. The packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will
not be accepted in non-standardized weights.

8.Shelf Life The supplier shall declare the shelf life/best before use for a minimum period
equal to the warranty period as given in the DFS for the item. The item should be of the
latest manufacture, conforming to the current production standard and having 100% defined
life at the time of delivery.

9.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence

                               4 / 5



 

over this clause.
10.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given

to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

13.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

14.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

