












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709202

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Agriculture And Co-operation Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Sardarkrushinagar Dantiwada Agricultural Universit

Office Name Comptroller

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Domestic Electric Juicer

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  4150

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Domestic Electric Juicer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Domestic Electric Juicer *

Type of Juicer Centrifugal Juicer Centrifugal Juicer

Material Material of Body Polycarbonate Polycarbonate

Material of pusher
for Centrifugal Juicer
and Masticating
Juicer

Polycarbonate Polycarbonate

Material of Mesh
Filter for Citrus
juicer

Stainless Steel 304 Stainless Steel 304

Material of Juice
Collecting Jug

ABS Plastic ABS Plastic

Dimension Capacity of pulp
container (in Kg)

1.5 1.5

Maximum RPM of
Juicer (RPM)

18000 18000

Maximum Diameter
of Fruit (In MM) /
vegetable that can
be fed for
Centrifugal Juicer
and Masticating
Juicer

30 30

Number of Speed 3 3

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uN33oyGU8BDfHZhto3gCe_hIm2N30HZkRhKwsdr5PKU


 

Setting

Cord length (in metre) 1.5 *

Functional
Arrangement on Juicer

Features on Juicer Locking clamps Locking clamps,
Integrated cord
storage, Detachable
part, easy for cleaning
and operating,
Automatically separate
juice from pulp,
Dishwasher safe,
Transparent Cover,
Rubber Footing, Juice
Collecting Jug (0.5Litre)

Power Supply Voltage (Volt) 220-240 *

Motor Power (Watt) 550 *

Warranty Warranty (Year) 1 1
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shailesh Babubhai
Gondaliya

385506,Unit Head
Bioscience Reseach Centre,
S.D.Agricultural University,
Sardarkrushinagar

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 1 % of margin of purchase preference /price band defined
in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will
be awarded for percentage of 5% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

                               3 / 4



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

