












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/692180

  Dated: 01-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 11-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-11 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Principal Chief Material Manager,north
Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur

Total Quantity 42000

Item Category Oil Machinery / General Purpose machinery oil VG-32
& VG-100

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 98112

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
PFA/NER/GORAKHPUR
OFFICE OF THE PFA/NER/GORAKHPUR
(Pfa/ner/gorakhpur)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Oil Machinery / General Purpose Machinery Oil VG-32 & VG-100 ( 42000
liter )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 5



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Viscosity Grade Oil Machinery /
General Purpose
machinary oil

VG-100 VG-46, VG-100

REQUIREMENTS FOR
OIL MACHINERY

Kinematic viscosity,
in centistokes at
40°C

90 to 110 90 to 110

Pour point,°C, Max 0 *

ASTM colour, Max 6.5 *

Flash point ( Cleveland
open cup),°C Min

170 *

Ash percent by mass,
Max

0.01 *

Total acidity, mg
KDH/g, Max

0.15 *

Inorganic acidity NIL *

Saponification
value,Max

1 *

Copper strip corrosion
at 100°C, for 8 h

Not worse than No. 1 *

Packing , Marking and
Labelling

As agreed to between
the purchaser and the
supplier

YES *

Packing size (liters) 210 *

Following shall be
marked on the
containers: a) Name,
grade and net mass of
the material; ‘b)
Manufacturers name
and trade-mark, if any;
and c) Date of
manufacture

YES *

Details available with
the Bureau of Indian
Standards

YES *

Certification Conforming to IS:493
(Latest)

YES *

Whether ISI Marked NO *

CM/L Number(Must
declare if ISI Marked)

YES *

RDSO Approval YES *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/OCVgKFw622CvgOdTOHbTt81mgaH9K-ZDgMRZ_Ch3hJI


 

RDSO approval
certificate to be
submitted to the buyer
on demand

YES *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/ State
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab(hint:
Must be declared)

YES *

Test Report Number(
Must be declared, write
NA if Test Report is not
available)

- *

Test Report date( Must
be declared, write NA if
Test Report is not
available)

- *

Name of the Lab( Must
be declared, write NA if
Test Report is not
available)

- *

Address of the Lab(
Must be declared, write
NA if Test Report is not
available)

- *

Test Report to be
furnished to the Buyer
on demand( Must be
declared, write NA if
Test Report is not
available)

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nand Lal 273012,Office of the Deputy
Chief Materials Manager,
North Eastern Railway

21000  30

2 Gaurav Kant 243122,Office of the Deputy
Chief Materials Manager,
General Stores Depot,North

21000  30

                               4 / 5



 

Eastern Railway

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES, with Rust Preventive test to IS:1448-P-96,Method A &
requirements to RDSO slip no.1 Aug-2016.
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: CONSIGNEE

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given

to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

