












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708122

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name Department Of Higher Education

Organisation Name Indian Institute Of Management (iim)

Office Name Ranchi

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Elliptical Cross Trainer

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Elliptical Cross Trainer ( 1 pieces )

                               1 / 5



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Dimensional and
Material Parameters

Weight of elliptcal
cross trainer in kg

50 50

Length of stride in
inches

20 *

Size of screen in inches NA *

Machine length in cm 190 *

Machine width in cm 86 *

Machine height in cm 177 *

Maximum User weight
in kg

150 *

Material of frame of
elliptical cross trainer

anti rust alloy steel *

Performance
Parameters

Type of resistance
system

Electromagnetic
Resistance System

Electromagnetic
Resistance System

Number of resistance
difficulty level

15 *

Number of adjustable
levels of stride of
elliptical cross trainer

4 *

Type of screen LED LED, LCD

Screen display
reading

time, distance, RPM,
Speed, difficulty Level,
Calories, Pulse, heart
beat

time, distance, RPM,
Speed, difficulty Level,
Calories, Pulse, heart
beat

Provision of dual action
handlebars with high
density foam grips,
Moving, for total-body
workout

Yes *

Source of power supply Self powered *

Warranty in years 1 1

Additional Parameters Provision of programs Preset and manual *

Number of available
programs

12 *

Adjustable paddle
foot straps spacing
in inch

2 2

Provision of fluent
working and pedals

Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/MLpVnSuzstc9-6An1JUTt0WKxraXtoRJqUrmaXLEA1E


 

which fit all sizes and
self-balancing

Provision of reversible
pedal rotation

Yes *

Provision of easy rear
and from drive to avoid
injury to joints keeping
the correct
biomechanical aspects
of movements

Yes *

Provision of built in
Hand Grip Pulse Sensor

Yes *

Heart Rate monitoring
with hand sensor &
telemetric

Yes *

Provision of wheels for
easy transportation

Yes *

Reports Certification for
product

EN 957 EN 957

Details of certificate
such as date and
number

- *

Manufacturer shall be
ISO certified

Yes *

ISO cetification deatils
such as date and
number

- *

Availability of test
report from govt/
NABL/ILAC
accredited lab
covering all
parameters

No No

Test report number ,
Incase test reports not
availabble , put NA

- *

Test report date, Incase
test reports not
availabble , put NA

- *

Name of test lab ,
Incase test reports not
availabble , put NA

- *

Address of test lab ,
Incase test reports not
availabble , put NA

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be
provided to buyer on

NA ,Incase test reports
not availabble

NA ,Incase test reports
not availabble

                               3 / 5



 

demand at time of
supplies ,

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ajay Kumar 834008,Meurs Road 1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

4.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

                               4 / 5



 

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

11.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

