












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713957
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nhpc Ltd., Chutak Power Station

Total Quantity 12

Item Category Revolving Chair

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder Turnover,OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central

                               1 / 6



 

/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Revolving Chair ( 12 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Pedestal Base , Nylon Base With Nylon
Twin Caster Wheels
Minimum Of 50-70 Mm
Diameter

Glass Fibre Nylon with ABS/
NylonTwin Caster Wheels
Minimum 5 Nos, of 50 mm
Size, ABS Plasstic with
ABS/Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5 Nos, of
50 mm Size, Electro Coated
with ABS/Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5 Nos, of
50 mm Size, Stainless Steel
with ABS/Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5 Nos, of
50 mm Size, Aluminium Die
Cast with ABS/Nylon Twin
Caster Wheels Minimum 5
Nos, of 50 mm Size,
Aluminium Die Cast Chrome
Finish With Nylon Twin
Caster Wheels Minimum Of
50-70 Mm Diameter, , Nylon
Base With Nylon Twin
Caster Wheels Minimum Of
50-70 Mm Diameter,
Aluminium Alloy With Nylon
Twin Caster Wheels
Minimum Of 50-70
Diameter, Wooden Cladded
With Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum Of 50-70
Mm Diameter, Chrome
finish with 5 wheels

Arm Material steel covered with
polyurethane

*

seat material pressed and moulded
plywood with polypropylene
cover

pressed and moulded
plywood with polypropylene
cover, PU foam covered with
mesh fabric, PU Foam
covered with Fabric, PU
Foam Covered With pure

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/b6R0bTllFbrDCGZvkysHgJsDA8ajuQEvRWkJKq3bivM


 

leather, PU Foam Covered
With pure leatherite,
Pressed and Moulded
Plywood with PU Foam
covered with Fabric, Pressed
and Moulded Plywood with
PU Foam covered with Pure
Leather, Pressed and
Moulded Plywood with PU
Foam covered with
Leatherite

Density of PU foam used in
seat KG per Cu Meter (+/- 3)

70 *

Density of PU foam used in
backrest in KG per Cu Meter
(+/- 3)

70 *

Material of Fabric Back
Cover / Material for
Backrest

mesh fabric mesh fabric, Innner frame
Upholstered with Mesh
fabric and mounted on main
assembly, pure leather,
100% polyester fabric, nylon
with poly olefin elastomer,
Leatherite, N.A, Polyester
mesh with fibreglass plastic
frame

Material of Fabric of Seat
Cover

foam laminated mesh
fabrics

foam laminated mesh
fabrics, Mesh Fabrics, pure
leather, leatherite, 100%
polyester fabric, N.A, Fire
retardant fabric

GSM/Thickness of fabric
±5%(Gram/Square meter)

290 gram *

GENERAL Chair Type 360 Degree swivel,posture
control with multilocking
position synchronized
mechanism

*

Tilt Tension Adjustment Yes *

Height Adjustment ±
5(mm)

up to 120 mm up to 100 mm, up to 120
mm, N.A, up to 90 mm, up
to 65 mm

Arm With With, Without

Type of backrest support backrest with lumber
support of polypropylene at
multilevel across back

backrest with lumber
support of polypropylene at
multilevel across back,
backrest symmetrical
lumber support, Backrest
With Adjustable Lumber
Support, Countered lumber
supporting

Arm Type Fixed Adjustable, Fixed, NA

Colour of Fabric for Seat and
Backrest

N.A *

Ergonomic Seat Design Yes Yes, No

Back type push back push back, fixed, height
adjustable

Backrest is made of two pcs
injection moulded frame

Backrest is made of two pcs
injection moulded frame

*

backrest has separate
adjustable headrest

No Yes, No

                               3 / 6



 

Seat type fixed fixed, sliding

Seat is curved No *

Locking mechanism Yes *

Type of locking upright locking *

Number of arm
movement

N.A 2(up & down), 4(up & down
end left & right), 6(Up &
Down,Left & Right And
Swivel), 8(Up & Down,Left &
Right,Swivel And Front &
Back), N.A, 6 (UP and down,
front and back, swivel), 4
(UP and down, front and
back)

Lumber support external & adjustable integrated, external & fixed,
external & adjustable, N.A,
Cushioned and upholstered
Lumbar Support

DIMENSION Overall Chair Height
±15mm

990 *

Backrest Height ±15mm 500 *

Backrest Width ±10mm 520 *

Seat Height ±15 mm 520 420, 450, 480, 500, 520

Seat Width ±10 mm 500 440, 480, 500, 520, 550,
460, 360, 415

Seat Depth ±10 mm 480 400, 460, 480, 500, 520,
550, 420, 440, 540, 360

Thickness of MS Plate
Joining the under
structure with Seat

2 *

Thickness of Plywood
used in Seat ±1(mm)

N.A 12 mm, 15 mm, 18 mm,
N.A, 65 mm

Thickness of Plywood
used in Backrest ±
1(mm)

N.A 12 mm, 15 mm, 18 mm, N.A

Padestal Size (Diameter in
mm) +/- 10 mm

650 *

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam Used
in Seat in mm (+/- 2 mm)

55 mm *

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam Used
in Backrest IN MM (+/- 2
MM)

N.A *

WARANTEE Warrantee period in
number of years

1-year 1-year, 2-year, 3-year,
4-year, 5-year

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES YES, NO

BIFMA Certification YES YES, NO

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES YES, NO

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

YES YES, NO

                               4 / 6



 

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

YES YES, NO

Green guard certification YES YES, NO

Aiota - YES, NO
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Binod Kumar Singh 194103,Chutak Power Station,
Minji, Kargil, Laddakh

12  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and has at least 1 years
residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-life by the OEM before this period.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

5.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

6.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful installation and
commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per normal industry practice, following
accessories must be part of supply and cost should be included in bid price: 0.

7.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

8.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

10.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the

                               5 / 6



 

average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

11.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

12.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

13.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

14.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

15.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &
the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

16.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

17.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

18.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 15
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

19.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

