












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704685

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence Production

Organisation Name Directorate General Of Quality Assurance ( Dgqa)

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 1

Item Category USB Camera for Video Conferencing System

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 6



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

USB Camera For Video Conferencing System ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Type of USB Camera
for Video
Conferencing System

USB Camera with
Integrated Speaker
Phone

USB Camera with
Integrated Speaker
Phone

Type of Camera &
Speaker Phone
Combination

USB PTZ CAMERA with
Speaker Phone &
optical zoom & Remote
For Mid to Large Size
Room

USB PTZ CAMERA with
Speaker Phone &
optical zoom & Remote
For Mid to Large Size
Room

Resolution Full HD(1920 x 1080
progressive signal)

Full HD(1920 x 1080
progressive signal)

Compression Format H.264 *

Frame Rate 30 fps 30 fps

Zoom Range Optical 5X *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/bYPSlh-uln_zQUIowdRq5L8QCnCVn5d-SxFNdfIlG0I


 

Zoom Range Digital 5X *

Field of View (Degree) 90 *

Controls Settings of
PAN , TILT and Zoom

Yes *

Remote Control Yes *

Integrated Speakers Yes *

Number of MICS 4 *

Auto Focus Yes *

UL/CE certification - *

Certifications available Yes *

Operating Temperature
Range (Degree C)

- *

Operating humidity (Rh
%)

90 *

Installation &
Commissioning

Yes *

Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Government / NABL
approved / ILAC
acredited lab to prove
conformity to the
specification (Test
reports are to be
furnished when
demanded by buyer)

No *

On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 3

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********NEW DELHI 1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right

                               3 / 6



 

or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful
Bidder :-
(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food
Specification prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification
in any climate and under all conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty
period of the item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached from the date of
acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the
item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of
stores, that the goods/ stores supplied under the contract shall be free from all types of
defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various
depots and stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the
responsibility of supplier is over. At any point of time, the DGST or his authorised
representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from locations where they are
held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are meeting the
concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest
means by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised
representative of the supplier within three working days in whose presence the sample will
be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn unilaterally and the decision on the same
will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c)
above, the goods are reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as
per the Defence Food Specifications, the stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within
Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it having been declared (during the
period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the Director General of
Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the
quality as per DFS for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as
specified in the succeeding paras within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the
notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer, failing which, the buyer will
take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together with all
incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the
supplies were ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his
behalf in regard to these charges will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been
made without committing Govt in any way nor will such decision prejudice the Govt rights.
(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity
including GST and all incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other
incidental charges if any through CDP (APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply
depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality. Option 1- Supplierwill make good
the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by depositing the
money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier
shall lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations
where they are stored at that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to
all) on his own cost, failing which the stock shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall

                               4 / 6



 

be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks declared failed to perform within
warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free of charge,
within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for
such defect by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk
and cost by a station board of officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and
consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The
fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo similar QC procedure as
followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to the
supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the
defect in such an event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under
:-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of
the deposition of the claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the
PBG for a corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired,
after the stipulated time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate
legal action will be initiated against the supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the
destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved
for handing over to suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the
SUPPLIER in writing that a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the
SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the proper communication of that consignment
provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45 days of the expiry of the
warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in that
behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be
valid as per the original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing
by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause
and other claim(s) that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that
effect is made by the Buyer failing which such claims will be recovered by adjustment
against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum be not sufficient to cover the
full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of
guarantee regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the
performance security deposit or such portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may
be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to final supplies.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than

                               5 / 6



 

3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

8.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

9.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

10.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

11.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

16.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

