












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702256

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 5307

Item Category Enamel, Synthetic, Exterior: (a) Under coating (b)
Finishing paint

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  36 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 19954

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
COMMANDANT
Jalandhar, Department of Defence, Indian Army, Ministry of Defence
(Commandant 223 Abod 56 Apo)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 7



 

Enamel, Synthetic, Exterior: (a) Under Coating (b) Finishing Paint ( 5307
pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Enamel , Synthetic,
Exterior: (a)
undercoating (b)
Finishing Paint

Enamel , Synthetic,
Exterior: (a)
undercoating (b)
Finishing Paint

Uses For exterior Finishing For exterior Finishing

SPECIFICATION Conformity to
Specification

IS 2932 latest IS 2932 latest

Product is BIS
marked

Yes Yes

REQUIREMENT of
SYNTHETIC ENAMEL
PAINT

Class Brushing *

Surface Dry time 4 hour for (Finishing) *

Hard Dry Time 12 hour for (Finishing) *

Gloss 60 Degree Above 71 for (Finishing) *

Mass, kg/10 litre,
minimum

9.0 for (Finishing) *

Wet Opecity
Requirement,minimum

60 *

Fineness of grind not more than 15
microns for (Finishing)

*

Volume solid percent
,minimum

35 (Finishing) *

COLOUR Colour shade of
enamel Paint with
ISC no

Dark brown(412) Dark brown(412)

FINISH Finish smooth and glossy for
(Finishing)

smooth and glossy for
(Finishing)

Self Life Keeping Properties 1 *

Packing Packing Size 20 Litre 20 Litre

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provided
advance sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
bulk supply (Hint:

Yes Yes

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/WScY5YgqEpW0SqxGn8e5ZJI1RN7R_SkXImPK-q2A_xM


 

Application in case
of orders placed
against bid and not
applicable in case of
Direct Buying)

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
confirmity to
specification

- *

Test report no - *

Test report date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********JALANDHAR 5307  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 7 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and

                               4 / 7



 

has at least 3 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.Registration / Empanelment Requirement: Contract shall be awarded to only such
sellers , who are registered / empanelled / approved / enlisted with DGOF/OFB/ORDNANCE
DEPOT for the required goods / service category on the date of bid opening. Prospective
bidders (if not already registered), are advised to get themselves registered with the said
registration authority before bid opening date. (It is certified that the registration is granted
by the registering agency as per Rule 150 of GFR following a fair, transparent and
reasonable procedure.)

9.Shelf Life The supplier shall declare the shelf life/best before use for a minimum period
equal to the warranty period as given in the DFS for the item. The item should be of the
latest manufacture, conforming to the current production standard and having 100% defined
life at the time of delivery.

10.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

11.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

12.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

13.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than

                               5 / 7



 

3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

14.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

15.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NO
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: BOO EX HQ 91 SUB
AREA

16.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

17. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
18.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
19.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

20.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): The firms which are regd with
NSIC/MSME and Exempted for submission of EMD are reqd to furnish registration docu duly
authenticated by the issuing auth as regd for manufacturing of bid item (Part No
8010-007496 Paint RFU GS Sun Dark Brown) and NABL Accredited Lab Test Certificates.

21.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

22.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample

                               6 / 7



 

being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.
23.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered

as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

24.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

25.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of 
Commandant 223 ABOD C/o 56 APO payable at SBI Main Branch, Jalandhar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

26.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Commandant 223 ABOD C/o 56 APO A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer
after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with
covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

27.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Commandant 223 ABOD
C/o 56 APO payable at SBI Main Branch, Jalandhar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

28.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Commandant 223 ABOD C/o 56 APO payable at SBI Main Branch, Jalandhar. After
award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and
has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award
of contract.

29.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Commandant 223 ABOD C/o 56 APO A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in
place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15
days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

