












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713202
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Southern Railway

Total Quantity 25

Item Category ac static watthour meters-Energy meter

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Ac Static Watthour Meters-Energy Meter ( 25 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/r0opZyur_g2Q64N3rHQYJJdwCwgu9LtM53WmOOwlrkY


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

FEATURES Number of phases Three phase four wire Three phase four wire

Reference Voltage 415 415.0

Basic Current Ib 10 10.0

Rated maximum current
(I max) as (%) of lb

600 600.0

Accuracy Class 1 1

GENERIC Features /requirements
conforming to the STC of
the product

yes yes

Requirement of External
Current Transformer

No *

CERTIFICATION ISI marked to IS 13779/99
with latest amendments

Yes *

CM/L No(Not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

ADDITIONAL FEATURES Additional
features/functions, if any

- *

TEST REPORT DETAILS Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt / NABL approved /
ILAC acredited lab to
prove conformity to the
specification

yes yes

Test Report number and
date (Not a part of biddable
parameter)

- *

Name and address of
laboratory (Not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prakash Neelakandan
G

620001,Office of the Divisional
Electrical Engineer , Tiruchirapalli
Railway Station Tiruchirapalli
620001, Tiruchirappalli, 620001

25  30

Special terms and conditions for category ac static watthour meters-Energy meter 

1.In addition to general terms and conditions to the GeM, following are the special T&C
1.All Electronic Meters shall meet the latest requirements of Central Electricity Authority (Installation &

Operation of meters)Regulations.
2.Meters shall be provided with following anti-tampering features:

1.The meter shall not get damaged or rendered non-functional and shall operate accurately even if
any phase and neutral are interchanged. LED or LCD indication shall be provided on the meter
wherever such tamper occurs for indication purpose.

2.The meter shall register energy even when the return path of the load current is not terminated

                               2 / 3



 

back at the meter and in such a case the circuit shall be completed through the earth. In case of
metallic bodies, the earth terminal shall be brought out and provided on the outside of the case.

3.Meter shall operate accurately even when incoming mains is connected to outgoing terminals and
load is connected to incoming terminals. LED or LCD indication shall be provided on the meter
wherever such tamper occurs.

4.Three Phase meters shall have anti tampering features like Phase sequence reversal, current
reversal, missing potential and missing neutral.

5.In the case of 3 phase/4 wire system, the meter shall keep working even in the presence of any
two wires i.e.even in the absence of neutral and any one phase or any two phases.

6.In case of whole current meters and LV-CT operated meter, the meter shall be capable of
recording energy correctly even if input and output terminals are interchanged.

7.The registration must occur whether input phase or neutral wire are connected properly or they
are interchanged at the input terminals.

8.The meter shall be factory calibrated and shall be sealed suitably before dispatch.
9.Neutral missing feature: Meter will register energy even if neutral is disconnected from both ends

and load is earthed in single phase.
3.The meter shall be immune to external influences in respect of parameters covered in IS:13779/99 with

latest amendments.
4.All the three phase meters shall have data storage capacity for at least 35 days in a non-volatile

memory.
5.The meter shall have down loading facilities of metered data through Common Meter Reading

Instrument(CMRI).
6.The terminal block, terminal cover and meter case shall ensure reasonable safety against spread of fire.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

