












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714158
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Pipri Sonbhadra

Total Quantity 15

Item Category tricycle or rickshaw

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 2640

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 5



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Executive Officer
Office Nagar Panchayat Pipari Sonbhadra
(Executive Officer Nagar Panchayat Pipari)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Tricycle Or Rickshaw ( 15 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Parameters Manufacturer Drawing No. - *

Generic Parameters Driving Mechanism Pedestal Chain Pedestal Chain

Length of Tricycle (mm) 2500 2500.0

Length of Cart (mm) 1350 1350

Width of Cart (mm) 800 800

Height of Cart (mm) 300 300

Number of Plastic
Containers with lid and
handle (Nos)

6 6

Capacity of the each
Container (Litres)

40 40.0

Material of the Container
and Lid

Virgin HDPE Virgin HDPE

Material of Handle of
container

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/KUzG3KRNSPxiF65K0Wc4YjqJO1EUc0VFwbiP4WUEBzk


 

Loading Capacity of the
Tricycle (Kg)

- *

Constructional Parameters Frame Structure Made of MS Tubes Made of MS Tubes

Diameter of MS Tube
(mm)

12 12.0

Thickness of MS Tube
(mm)

1 1.0

Cart Frame Material MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

Material of Bottom Plate
of Cart

Mild steel plate Mild steel plate

Thickness of Bottom
Plate of Cart (mm)

1.6 1.6

Holes in Bottom Plate of
Cart

Having 12 mm diameter
holes at a distance of 200
mm square Matrix

*

Lengthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

3 *

Widthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

1 *

Stiffener Material M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

Finish of Handle Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Chain Wheel Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Crank Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Front Rim Thickness (mm) 1 *

Number of Front Wheel
(Nos)

1 *

Type of Front Wheel Tyre Tube Wheel Tyre Tube Wheel

Front Rim Diameter (mm) 150 *

Front Rim Width (mm) 650 *

Number of Spikes in Rear
Wheel (Nos)

42 *

Diameter of Spike of
Front Wheel (mm)

620 620.0

Number of Rear Wheels
(Nos)

2 2

Type of Rear Wheels Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Rear Rim Diameter (mm) 620 620.0

Rear Rim Width (mm) 150 150.0

Rear Rim Thickness (mm) 1 *

Number of Spikes in Front
Wheel (Nos)

38 *

Thickness of Spike of
Rear Wheel (mm)

1 1.0

                               3 / 5



 

Daimeter/ Width of Spike in
Rear Wheel (mm)

10 *

Support Details of Rear
Wheels

- *

Minimum Wall thickness
of the Plastic Container
and Lid (mm)

1 1.0

Maximum Ash content of
the container and Lid
when tested as per
Annex D of IS
14887/2014 (%)

1 1

Pretreatment Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Colour of the Frame - *

Paint Ennameled Paint Ennameled Paint

Colour of the Cart - *

Manufacturer 's Name
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Year of Manufacturing
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Finish of Rim Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Colour of the Container and
Lid

- *

Accessories Parameters Bell Yes *

Two Reflectors at back Yes *

Type of Reflector Adhesive Tape *

Lock for locking the Tricycle Yes *

Tool Kit Yes *

First Aid Box Yes *

Tricycle Seat with Cover Yes *

Hangers for broom and
wiper

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 MUNNA PRASAD 231216,ROBERTS GANJ 15  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of Executive

Officer Nagar Panchayat Pipari A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be
withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released
in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped
along with covering letter.

                               4 / 5



 

Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

6.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

