












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710280

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Steel

Department Name Nmdc Limited

Organisation Name Nmdc Limited

Office Name Hyderabad

Total Quantity 610

Item Category bedclothes rubberised coir mattress cushions and
pillows hospital mattresses and pillows

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  9 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  76 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.20

EMD Amount 23424

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Dy. Manager (MM)
Hyderabad, NMDC Limited, NMDC Limited, Ministry of Steel
(Naveen Kumar Gandi)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Bedclothes Rubberised Coir Mattress Cushions And Pillows Hospital
Mattresses And Pillows ( 610 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing
Specification:
Conforming to Indian
Standard

Bed Mattresses
conforming to
IS:13489/2000 Latest,
Type 2. Inner
Cushioning Material
Rubberized Coir Sheets
Medium Grade
conforming to
specification
No.IS:8391-87 Latest.
The Inner Cushioning
Material to be pasted
with Inner Protective
Blanket. The outer
cover shall be of Floral
Jacquard Tapestry cloth
in dark Green or Blue
or Pink shade.

Bed Mattresses
conforming to
IS:13489/2000 Latest,
Type 2. Inner
Cushioning Material
Rubberized Coir Sheets
Medium Grade
conforming to
specification
No.IS:8391-87 Latest.
The Inner Cushioning
Material to be pasted
with Inner Protective
Blanket. The outer
cover shall be of Floral
Jacquard Tapestry cloth
in dark Green or Blue
or Pink shade.

CERTIFICATION Inner Cushioning
Material Rubberized
Coir Sheet is BIS
Marked as per
IS:8391 Latest

Yes Yes

CM/L No - *

DIMENSIONS Dimensions of
Rubber Coir
Cushions ( Length X
Width X Thickness )
(cm)

183 X 55 X 4 183 X 55 X 4

Dimensions of
Rubberised Coir Bed
Mattresses (Length
X Width X Thickness
(cm)

137 X 68.5 X 10.2 137 X 68.5 X 10.2

Dimensions of
Pillows ( Length X
Width X Thickness )
(cm)

Not applicable for items
other than Pillows

Not applicable for items
other than Pillows

Dimensions of
Hospital Mattresses-
Ruberised Coir
(Length X Width X
Thickness) (Medium
and Firm Grade)
(cm)

190.5 X 91.4 X 10.2 190.5 X 91.4 X 10.2

Dimensions of
Hospital mattresses
Suitable for Fowler
Cot (Length X Width

197.6 X 86.5 X 10 197.6 X 86.5 X 10

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/lkD05_WrRiaaVscc5q9qOMayhXie17_mNeJrF4G6pd4


 

X Thickness) (cm)

Individual Slab
Lengths for Hospital
mattresses Suitable
for Fowler Cot

75.0 Cms + 18.0 Cms+
41.6 Cms + 63.0 Cms
(Length-197.6 cm)

75.0 Cms + 18.0 Cms+
41.6 Cms + 63.0 Cms
(Length-197.6 cm)

INNER PROTECTIVE
BLANKET

Specification for Innner
Protective Blanket

Ends Per Dm- 112 (-2);
Picks Per Dm- 72 (-2);
Count Of Warp- 20s (
Approx ); Count Of
Weft- 2s ( Approx );
Mass- 280g/ M²; Plain
Weave; Finish- Grey

*

The paste used for
pasting in inner
protective blanket

The paste used for
pasting in inner
protective blanket shall
be such that it shall not
decompose and loose
adhesion properties or
produce mildew

*

OUTER COVERING Specification for Outer
Floral Jacquard Cloth

Not Applicable For
Rubberized Coir
Cushions, Rubberised
Coir Pillows ( Vinyl
Coated Fabric ) And
Hospital Mattresses Of
All Types

*

Outer Floral Jacquard
Cloth ( Colour and
Stitching )

Not Applicable For
Rubberized Coir
Cushions, Rubberised
Coir Pillows ( Vinyl
Coated Fabric ) And
Hospital Mattresses Of
All Types

*

Outer Covering for
Rubberised Coir Pillows
(Vinyl Coated Fabric)
And Hospital
Mattresses Of All Types

Not Applicable For
Items Other Than
Rubberised Coir Pillows
(Vinyl Coated Fabric)
And Hospital
Mattresses Of All Types

*

Colour of Vinyl Coated
Fabric

Not Applicable For
Items Other Than
Rubberised Coir Pillows
(Vinyl Coated Fabric)
And Hospital
Mattresses Of All Types

*

OTHER REQUIREMENTS The mattresses
Suitable for Fowler Cot
shall comply with the
requirements of clause
7 2 ( Mattress Test ) of
IS:7378/1974 for Bed,
Fowler's Hospital

Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

Type of Rubberised
Coir Cushions ( Use )

Not applicable for items
other than Rubberised
Coir Cushions

Not applicable for items
other than Rubberised
Coir Cushions

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Name of lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report no - *

Test Report date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Naveen Kumar
Gandi

494001,NMDC Iron & Steel
Plant Nagarnar Jagdalpur
Distt Bastar Chattisgarh

610  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 10
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the

                               5 / 8



 

sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name NMDC NISP NAGARNAR Account No. 10460907509 IFSC Code 
SBIN0013655 Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA Branch address NAGARNAR, BASTAR( DIST),
C.G 494341.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

5.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

6.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

7.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

11.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

12. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

                               6 / 8



 

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
15.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be

ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

16.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

17.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

18.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

19.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated

                               7 / 8



 

04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

20.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

21.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

22.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

23.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

