












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706392

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Telangana

Department Name Health Medical & Family Welfare Department
Telangana

Organisation Name Tsmsidc

Office Name Directorate Of Treasuries

Total Quantity 1

Item Category CT Scanners 16 Slice

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  150 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1000 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

CMC Required  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 781200

                             1 / 17



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 60

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director,TSMSIDC
Directorate Of Treasuries, Health Medical & Family Welfare Department Telangana, TSMSIDC,
(K. Chandra Shekar Reddy)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

CT Scanners 16 Slice ( 1 pieces )

                             2 / 17



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Description CT Scanners 16 Slice *

UMDNS Name and
Code

Scanning Systems,
Computed Tomography
- 13-469 Scanning
Systems, Computed
Tomography, Axial, Full-
Body - 15-956 Scanning
Systems, Computed
Tomography, Axial,
Head - 15-955
Scanning Systems,
Computed
Tomography, Spiral -
18-443

*

Other Names Axial CT scanners, CAT
scanners, cine CT
scanners, computed
tomography systems,
EBT scanners, helical
CT scanners, multislice
CT scanners, spiral CT
scanners, ultrafast CT
scanners, volume CT
scanners.

*

Scope This Product covers
computed tomography
(CT) scanners used to
obtain cross-sectional
images without
restriction to a
particular anatomic
region

*

Clinical Application CT scanners produce
thin cross-sectional
images of the human
body for a wide variety
of diagnostic
procedures. CT is a
noninvasive
radiographic technique
that involves the
reconstruction of a
tomographic plane of
the body (a slice) from
a large number of
collected x-ray
absorption

*

                             3 / 17

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/rCkAY8_oq_rB_Ne5BmO7pB-ux6wU6nmjpRT4IXIuDnc


 

measurements taken
during a scan around
the body's periphery.
The result of a CT study
is usually a set of trans
axial slices, which can
be mathematically
manipulated to
produce sagittal or
coronal image slices.
With isotropic imaging,
an image can be
reconstructed in any
arbitrary plane. CT is
clinically useful in a
wide variety of imaging
exams, including spine
and head,
gastrointestinal, and
vascular.

TYPE Type Multislice *

Number of slices per
rotation

≥ 16 *

Number of Detector
Rows

16 *

Number of acquisition
channels

16 *

DETECTOR ASSEMBLY Minimum Field of
view (standard)

50 50, 55, 65 Or higher

Extended Field of
View (cm)

70 70

Total detector width, z-
axis (mm)

≥10 mm *

Minimum
Reconstructed slice
width range

0.625 to 10 mm *

Minimum Standard
rotation time for full
360°

≤ 1 sec *

DETECTOR
PERFORMANCE

Minimum High-
contrast spatial
resolution at 0% MTF
with full FOV

14 lp/cm 14 lp/cm

Low-contrast resolution
at 3 HU with 10 mm
slice on 20 cm Catphan
phantom

≤ 5 mm *

Image Noise Not applicable *

ADVANCED IMAGE
ACQUISITION

Perfusion imaging Yes Yes

Extended coverage No No

                             4 / 17



 

for 4-D imaging

Dual-energy
acquisition

Yes Yes

Contrast Based Dual
energy acquisition

No No

GANTRY Gantry Tilt Type Digital *

Gantry Tilt ± 30⁰ *

Minimum Gantry
aperture

70 *

Scan localizer Laser *

X-RAY GENERATOR Minimum kW output
(kW)

32 32, 40, 80 Or higher

kVp range 80 -130 or better *

X-RAY TUBE Minimum Anode Heat
storage (MHU)

3.5 *

Anode Heat dissipation
rate (kHU/min)

≥ 500 kHU/min *

Tube cooling Oil *

Tube focal spots (mm) Large: (0.8x0.7) ;
Small: (0.4 x 0.8)

*

Max mA ≥ 180 mA *

Max scan time ≥ 120 sec *

PATIENT TABLE Table Top Material Carbon Fiber *

Table Type Moveable Moveable

Range of movement -
Vertical (cm)

46-79 cm or better *

Minimum Scannable
range

140 *

Maximum load capacity
without restrictions (kg)

200 kg or more *

RADIATION DOSE Dose-modulation
technique (3D), x-y-z

Yes *

Pediatric-specific
dose control

Yes Yes

Iterative image
reconstruction for
dose reduction

Yes Yes

Overbeaming
reduction sliding
collimation

No No

CLINICAL
APPLICATIONS AND
FUNCTIONALITY

Virtual colonoscopy Yes *

Vessel analysis
(noncardiac)

Yes *

                             5 / 17



 

Auto bone removal Yes *

Denta Scan Yes Yes

Lung Analysis No No

Metal Artifact
Reduction

Yes Yes

Neuro DSA Yes Yes

IMAGE
RECONSTRUCTION

Reconstruction FOVs ≥ 50 cm *

Reconstruction
matrices

512 x 512 *

Max reconstruction
rate, (512 x 512),
image/sec

9 *

Real-time image
reconstruction

Yes *

SYSTEM INTEGRATION DICOM Yes *

CT image storage
SCU/SCP

Yes *

Enhanced CT storage
SCU/SCP

Yes *

Modality worklist SCU Yes *

Query/retrieve SCU and
SCP

Yes *

Storage commitment
SCU

Yes *

DICOM work list
license

Yes Yes

IMAGE PROCESSING Image Processing Type Standard *

OEM postprocessing
workstation with
dual medical grade
Monitor

Standalone Standalone

If it is server
workstation, number
of nodes to be
provided

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Number of
Concurrent Licenses
to be Provided

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Minimum Rendering
Capacity of Server

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Remote access to raw
image data

No *

Remote access to
clinical applications

No *

                             6 / 17



 

DICOM 3-D image
export

Yes *

Image Processing
Software

Review workstations -
MPR, MIP, VRT formats
, tools for stenosis
measurement,
Advanced vessel
analysis, Automatic
bone removal etc

*

SERVER HARDWARE Minimum Image
storage capacity of
Server

0 0, 2, 4 Or higher

Minimum Ram Size
of Server

0 0, 32, 64 Or higher

Size of Monitor of
server

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Type of Monitor for
server

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

Not Applicable in case
of standalone
workstation

WORKSTATION
HARDWARE

Medical grade monitor
and CPU

Yes *

Type of monitor for
Workstation

LCD/LED/TFT *

Size of Monitor for
Workstation

18 inch or more with 2
MP resolution or better

*

Minimum Ram Size
for Workstation

8 8, 16 Or higher

Minimum Storage
capacity for
Workstation

500 500, 1000 Or higher

WORKSTATION
APPLICATIONS

Neuro DSA
application in
workstation

Yes Yes

Cardiac Angio No No

Cardiac calcium
scoring

No No

CT angio Yes Yes

Filming Yes Yes

CT VRT Imaging Yes Yes

Perfusion imaging in
workstation

No No

CONTRAST BASED
DUAL ENERGY
APPLICATIONS

Virtual Non-contrast
imaging

No No

Mono-energetic
imaging

No No

                             7 / 17



 

Direct Angio No No

Lung Perfusion No No

Gout Imaging No No

Calculi
Characterization

No No

Bone Marrow
Imaging

No No

Iodine mapping No No

ACCESSORIES Online UPS for full
backup of atleast 30
minutes

Yes Yes

Lead Glass Setup to
be provided

Yes Yes

Lead aprons - 5 Nos
with Hanger to be
provided

Yes Yes

Gonald and thyroid
Shield - 5 No each

Yes Yes

Pressure Injector Single head Single head

Color Printer Yes Yes

Head Holder Yes Yes

Patient table
accessories

Yes *

X-Ray Film Viewer Yes Yes

Variety of phantoms
for quality control

Yes Yes

CERTIFICATIONS AND
REPORTS

Availability of test
report/QA and QC
report during warranty
and CMC as per
AERB/NABH/JCI
guidelines

Yes *

Machine should be
AERB type approved or
NOC

Yes *

Product certification EU-CE,US- FDA *

Product Certificate
Number

- *

Product Certificate
Date

- *

Product Certificate
issuing authority

- *

Four digit number of
notified body If product
is EU-CE certified

- *

                             8 / 17



 

Confirmity to
Manufacturer's
Certification

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Certification,
performance and
safety standards
specific to the device

IEC 60601-2-44 or
equivalent BIS

*

Submission of copies of
all the certifications
and test reports to the
buyer along with
supplies

Yes *

In scope of Supplier to
be registred in eLORA
of quoted Model for
Buyer

Yes *

PRE-INSTALLATION SITE
REQUIREMENT

Recommended Room
Size

As Per AERB Gudie
lines

*

Power Requirements 200/220/240/380/400/
420/440/460/480 V
nominal, 3-phase

*

Operating temp range
(°C)

20-25 *

Humidity (%) 30-70 *

Pre-installation
requirements including
map should be
provided by seller after
inspecting the
proposed site for
installation

Yes *

Preparation of CT Scan
Room , console Room ,
Technical room, one
wash room etc to be
done by the seller in
the area of approx 800
sq feet

Yes *

Tile based false ceiling
and floor tiling and wall
tiling till false ceiling in
rooms to be done by
the seller

Yes *

Necessary modification
civil work, electrical ,
plumbing, furnishing,
air conditioning in the
given area to be done
by the seller

Yes *

Doors other than main
CT room to be of good

Yes *

                             9 / 17



 

quality Aluminium
doors and should be
done by the seller

Site should be AERB
Compliant

Yes *

Power up to site should
be provided by the user

Yes *

Any other necessary
work for system
functioning like
earthing , proper LED
lighting power points
etc to be done by the
seller

Yes *

Room shielding to be
done by the seller

As Per AERB Gudie
lines

*

INSTALLATION &
TRAINING

The system should be
installed and handed
over in working
condition by the seller
to the buyer

Yes *

Training of users in
machine operation,
trouble shooting
aspects and basic
maintenance shall be
provided

Yes *

Availability of toll free
facility for technical
support maintained by
OEM or authorized
agencies

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier
and local service agent
to be provided

Yes *

Service Support Support within 24
hours of breakdown call

*

Number of installations
of the CT in Central
/State/PSU Govt
Hospitals( Note: Seller
should supply a
performace certificate
of the device to the
buyer)

upto 3 *

The Principal
Manufacturer must
have direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

                            10 / 17



 

Seller shall ensure
uninterrupted
availability of all spares
for 10 years

Yes *

Uptime during warranty
and CMC Period

Atleast 95% *

WARRANTY Onsite comprehensive
warranty from the date
of installation and
commissioning (Years)

5 *

DOCUMENTATIONS User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Copies of all calibration
certificates to be
submitted at the time
of Supply of Machine

Yes *

List of essential spares
and accessories, with
their part numbers and
cost to be provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 D Devdas 500095,The Managing
Director, TSMSIDC , 3rd
Floor, DM & HS Campus,
Sulthan Bazaar, Koti-500095

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category CT Scanners 16 Slice 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to

                            11 / 17



 

cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and
maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting

                            12 / 17



 

the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

6.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

7.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

9.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

12.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

13.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

                            13 / 17



 

14.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

15.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NA
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Concerned Hospital
Authorities at Installation Site

16.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

17. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
18.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

19.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 5 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 5% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

20.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of 10% of basic Cost of Equipment (Upload the
undertaking). The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after
submission and verification of AMC Performance Security for 5% of total CMC value valid up
to CMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).

21.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope Total
Item Including batteries etc. (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by
the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this
compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

22.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

23.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the

                            14 / 17



 

Buyer.
24.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance

of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

25.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

26.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

Additional Clause For Comprehensive Maintenance Charges 

  1.CMC shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as per technical/ service
/operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares, after satisfactory completion
of Warranty. During the CMC period commencing from date of the successful completion of
warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site as recommended in the
manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six months. CMC shall not be
including the consumables. Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during CMC period on 24
(hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend CMC period by double the downtime
period.

  2.CMC charges to be indicated as percentage of cost of equipment quoted for each year after the
warranty period.

  3.GST shall be included in the CMC Charges quoted.

  4.Cost of CMC will be added for Ranking/Evaluation purpose with depreciation formula. A 10%
discounting rate per year shall be applied on CMC Charges for price evaluation on present value.

  5.The payment of CMC will be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period,
duly certified by end user.

  6.While creating a bid or RA buyers shall indicate whether CMC is required against Yes/No options.
If CMC Charges are included an option for number of years for CMC required after the warranty
period shall be available. Under this options up to 5 years can be chosen for CMC charges beyond
warranty period.

                            15 / 17



 

  7.The CMC functionality shall be available in bid only and no direct RA shall be applicable. In case
of bid to RA decrement rules shall be applicable on total price inclusive of CMC charges. Bunching of
products shall not be available while creating bids with CMC charges.

  7.1. Buyer shall indicate number of years of warranty by selecting option of 2 or 5 available in the
field depending on warranty parameter applicable in category parameters for the equipment. The
Seller while participating in Bid/RA will get fields to indicate CMC charges as percentage depending
on number of years of CMC selected by Buyer. The following shall be applicable If 5 year CMC
selected  

CMC charges for first year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated- A 1
CMC charges for second year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A2
CMC charges for third year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A3
CMC charges for fourth year after warranty period – Fixed amount to be indicated A4
CMC charges for 5th year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A5

7.2. The calculation of CMC Charges shall take in to account of number of years of warranty and
duration of CMC as specified while creating bid.

  7.3. In the price evaluation, the system shall provide function to calculate the cost of each
equipment by formula indicated below including CMC and then show the inter-se- ranking of the
bidders. The following are the variables.

  (i) Number of years for which CMC required.
  (ii) Number of years of warranty. The formula for calculating total cost including CMC charges shall
be :

  Total cost for evaluation= C+ C*( A1/100) /(1.10n) + A2/100/(1.10n+1)+ A3/100/(1.10n+2)+
A4/100/(1.10n+3) + A5/100/(1.10n+4)
  C – Cost for equipment quoted and n shall be number of years of warranty specified
  If 2 year warranty specified n shall be 2 and if 5 year specified n shall be 5.

  A1,A2 A3 A4 A5 shall depend on how many years CMC selected If 3 year means only A1,A2 and A3
factor to be not taken in to account and A4 and A5 will not be applicable

  7.4. CMC charges to be indicated for each subsequent year should be same or higher than
preceding year.

  7.5. The CMC charges shall be offered within range of 3 to 10% of cost of equipment.

  8. Since CMC charges are to be paid only later for each year during CMC period , applicable
performance guarantee amount after placement of contract shall be based on the cost of equipment
and not on basis of cost of equipment along with CMC Charges.

  9. Performance bank guarantee applicable for CMC is to be submitted at start of the CMC and shall
be applicable 2.5% as specified in bid on the total contract value including CMC Charges The PBG
submitted  after award of contract shall be released only after new PBG for the CMC period is
submitted and accepted by buyer/consignee after due verification. Bank guarantee for CMC is to
remain valid till completion of CMC period plus one year .The bank guarantee for CMC shall be
submitted to buyer directly.

  10. In case of splitting of quantity equipment cost and CMC charges offered by L-1 in the evaluated
cost shall be matched by higher quoting eligible bidders on one to one basis .The equipment cost
shall be matched and CMC charges shall be matched year to year.

  11. The CMC Contract shall be an offline contract to be handled by buyer. The payment of CMC will
be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by end user

                            16 / 17



 

and scope of CMC will be as per para 1 above.

  12. The above terms and conditions shall be part of the bid as well as part of the contract. 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            17 / 17

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

