












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714537
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Dostpur Sultanpur

Total Quantity 60

Item Category lighting pole or post and hardware- tubular street light poles

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  6 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  40 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1266480

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Lighting Pole Or Post And Hardware- Tubular Street Light Poles ( 60 meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Tubular steel poles shall be
conforming to IS
2713/80(Part-1& 2) with
amdt No-1 latest

Yes *

Designation of Tubular
steel poles as per table 2
of IS 2713/80 Part-2 with
amdt No 1

410SP-1 410SP-1

Length of Tubular steel
poles (Metre)

7 7

Coating on the tubular
steel poles

Galvanised min. Mass of
Zinc coating 360 Gms. sq.
Mtr.

Galvanised min. Mass of
Zinc coating 360 Gms. sq.
Mtr.

BIS Marked No No

If Yes, Declare BIS License
Number, If No Write Not
Applicable

- *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Type of steel poles Swaged (SP) *

Finials , Base plates and
taper plug shall be as per
clause 15 of IS
2713(Part-1)/1980

YES *

Grade of steel tube, as per
IS:1161/1998

YST 240 *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type Test
Reports of the product from
Central Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited Lab showing
compliance to the
specification

YES *

Test Reports No. - *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/XwRzXYV_a0yH75royZE_FrRNyShS89AYZIZZJ_5IZSo


 

Test Reports Date - *

Name of the Labs - *

Test report and approvals to
be furnished to the buyer on
demand.

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dasharath 228131,Nagar Panchayat Dostpur
Sultanpur

60  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

8.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /

service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.

                               3 / 4



 

Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

11.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

