












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700603

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Commerce And Industry

Department Name Department Of Industrial Policy And Promotion

Organisation Name Controller General Of Patents Designs And Trade
Marks (cgpdtm) Mumbai

Office Name Mumbai

Total Quantity 10

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  70 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 4



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 70% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 10 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Brand Canon Canon

Product Class OEM OEM

Type of Cartridge/Co
nsumable

Drum Drum

Colour of Cartridges/
Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum
Model number

Canon NPG-59 Drum
unit

Canon NPG-59 Drum
unit

Corresponding Part
number/ code

6954B001AA *

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is

Canon iR 2002,Canon
iR 2004N,Canon iR
2204N

Canon iR 2002, Canon
iR 2004N, Canon iR
2204N

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ik9zJmrfAABbmU9_szf9Eaxm_g0HQsjR4wdvCWnq4aE


 

suitable

Yield of the Cartridge
as per ISO/IEC:19752/2
004(E)for BK &
ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

61700 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SANJAY
BHATTACHARYA

700091,Patent Office
Kolkata Boudhik Sampada
Bhawan, CP-2 Sector V, Salt
Lake City, Kolkata-700091

10  15

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1. In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM
cartridges are supplied to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will
also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of
indigenously manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be
older than nine months while accepting the material. In case it is found to be more
than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC)
Certificate only after verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the
same in the machine so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters
subject to its genuineness having already been verified at the time of issue of
Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by
Sellers on GeM against OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller
from any transaction in future including any other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP

make OEM Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1. In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been

provided and can be accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through
HP SureSupply app or by using Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on
the cartridge security seal. After the scan process of the QR code, a
validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively
the Sl. No. of the cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online
from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP website. The detailed procedure to
check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl visit the Hp
website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

                               3 / 4



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

