












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/698272

  Dated: 04-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 14-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 14-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Agriculture And Farmers Welfare

Department Name Department Of Agriculture Cooperation And Farmers
Welfare

Organisation Name National Seeds Corporation Limited (nsc)

Office Name Head Office Beej Bhawan Pusa Complex New Delhi

Total Quantity 10000

Item Category DW Jute Tarpaulin Bags - National Seed Corporation

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 10200

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 15

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Manager - Engg
Head Office Beej Bhawan Pusa Complex New Delhi, Department of Agriculture Cooperation and
Farmers Welfare, National Seeds Corporation Limited (NSC), Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers
Welfare
(Priyam Bhardwaj)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

DW Jute Tarpaulin Bags - National Seed Corporation ( 10000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/f6nkfKpnGyrVzdk0q_QCzik_4lyLnvoV5wEC4LUFy4E


 

(Allowed Values)

DESCRIPTION Description DW Jute Tarpaulin Bags
- National Seed
Corporation

*

Bag Capacity 20 kg 20 kg

MATERIAL Basic Fabric Jute Tarpaulin Fabric as
per IS : 7407 ( Part II )
1980, Latest, 380 g / sq
mtr ( 20 kg capacity
and 40 kg capacity )

*

MASS Mass of Bag at 16%
moisture regain (
Tolerance ± 5% )

298 g ( 20 kg capacity ) 298 g ( 20 kg capacity )

DIMENSION Dimension of Bag (
Outside Length X
Outside Width )

72 X 46 ( Tolerance in L
/ W : + 1.0 cm ) ( 20 kg
capacity )

72 X 46 ( Tolerance in L
/ W : + 1.0 cm ) ( 20 kg
capacity )

BAG STITCHING Bag Stitching Double stitched double
locked by inside folding
with unbleached 9 cord
no. 2 closing threads
with four no. Stitches
per inch

*

Raw edge folding (min) 25 mm *

Average Seam Strength
( min ) -Side ( Hint
-Test Method - 5 cm X
20 cm raveled strip, as
per IS 9030, Latest )

55 Kgf ( 20 kg capacity
and 40 kg capacity )

*

Average Seam Strength
( min ) - Bottom ( Hint
-Test Method - 5 cm X
20 cm raveled strip, as
per IS 9030, Latest )

34 Kgf ( 20 kg capacity
and 40 kg capacity )

*

PRINTING Printing of Bags On both sides in 3 to 4
permanent colors by
screen printing, as per
buyer's requirement

*

PACKING Mode of Packing Iron Bound Bales *

Bags per Bale 100 ( 20 kg capacity
and 40 kg capacity )

*

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Test Report No - *

                               3 / 5



 

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Hemant
Champatrao
Chimurkar

444605,A-78, MIDC, NEAR
HANUMAN DAL MIL

10000  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

