












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/694700

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 15-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 15-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Arunachal Pradesh

Department Name Home Department Arunachal Pradesh

Organisation Name Arunachal Pradesh Police

Office Name Police Head Quarters

Total Quantity 4

Item Category power generators and portable generator

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 6



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Power Generators And Portable Generator ( 4 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

RATED OUTPUT /
STARTING & RUNNING

Portable Generator
type

Petrol start, Petrol run Petrol start, Petrol run

Rated Output at
unity power factor at
STP (VA)

5500 5500

Starting Type Electric Self start Electric Self start

Rated output
Voltage

230 V AC 230 V AC

WARRANTY Warranty (year) 1.0 1, 2, 3 Or higher

PERFORMANCE Efficiency of the
alternator (%)

80.0 *

Noise Level of Portable 86.0 *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/QT19_klApXIZCt0uWHv-4BbWNv9uNkmnqgnLmJNXHkY


 

Generator (dB(A))

GENERIC Make and model of
engine

- *

Make and model of
alternator

- *

Provision of Voltmeter
and ammeter in the
output circuits

yes *

Dimension of Genset in
(LxWxH)
(mmxmmxmm)

- *

Dry weight (Kg) - *

Period for which the
Generator is capable of
delivering declared
output

6.5 *

Fuel Tank capacity - *

BATTERY Battery Ah capacity in
case of Electric start
Generator (Ah)

- *

CERTIFICATION /
STATUTORY
REQUIREMENTS

Type approval Portable
Generating Set
meeting the
requirements of
Environmental
(Protection) Rules
1986, in respect of
noise and emission
norms, as described in
STC of the Product

yes *

Type approval number
and date

- *

Availability of Test
Report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accredited laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification for the
Portable Generator Set

Yes *

Test Report number
and date

- *

Name and address of
laboratory

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 6



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bomken Basar 791111,O/o Director General
of Police, Police Head
Quarters, Chandranagar,
Itanagar, District
Papumpare, Arunachal
Pradesh

4  20

Special terms and conditions for category power generators and portable generator 

1. In addition to General Terms and Conditions of the GeM following Special T&C shall be
applicable for Portable Generator / Generating Set:

1.Portable AC Generating Set shall comprise of air cooled / liquid cooled 4 stroke single
cylinder engine and alternator.

2.The Portable Generating Set shall comply temp. rise limits given in IS:4722 /
IS:13364 with latest amendments.

3.The Portable Generating Set shall be fitted with fuel tank of a capacity to give
continuous operation for minimum 5 hours at rated full load and fuel should not spill
out of the lid of the tank due to the vibration.

4.The Portable Generating Set should have low lubricating oil alert system.
5.Electric start Generating Sets, where applicable, shall have maintenance free battery

and battery Charger with suitable starter. Battery ratings and motor starters shall be
compatible with the respective engines of Electric start Generating Sets.

6.Conformity of Production (COP) and Type Approval Certificate (TAC) declaring make
and model of engine/Portable Generator Sets, shall be provided to the user on
demand.

7.Portable Generator Sets of type petrol / kerosen run shall meet the requirements of
Environmental Protection Rules 1986 vide notification No. GSR 742 (E) dt.
17.05.2002 and Sl. No. 91 dt. 25.09.2000 and all amendments up to date and
amendment vide GSR No. 628 (E) dt. 30.08.2001 in respect of noise level norms and
provision of Environment protection Rule 1999 for emission standard for Generator
set as per Rule 88 (B) effective from 01.06.2001 vide notification No. GSR 682 (E) dt.
05.10.1999 and GSR 535 (E) dt. 07.08.2013 along with all amendments up to date
issued by Min. of Environment & Forest, Govt. of India. CPCB Certificate also be
provided to the user on demand.

8.Portable Gen. Sets run by diesel shall meet the requirement of Environmental
Protection Rule 1986 as laid down by Min. of Environment & Forest read with GSR
371 ( E)dated 17.05.2002 , GSR 520 (E) dated 01.07.2003 , No.448 (E)dated
12.07.2004 , GSR 771 (E) dated 11.12.2013 & GSR 232 (E) Dated 31.03.2014 along
with all amendments upto date in respect of noise and emission norms. Portable
Generator Set shall also meet all other statutory requirements as notified by
Govt.time to time. CPCB Certificate also be provided to the user on demand.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

                               4 / 6



 

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): test report certificate must be
included in bid documents..

13.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

