












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703171

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Rural Development And Panchayats Department
Jammu And Kashmir

Organisation Name Directorate Of Rural Development

Office Name Office Of The District Panchayat Officer Jammu

Total Quantity 70

Item Category  chairs-office

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

 Chairs-office ( 70 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Type of material
(other then wood)
used in Polythene
cane Chair

NOT APPLICABLE NOT APPLICABLE

Material of Fabric
Back Cover

leatherite leatherite

Thickness of Plywood
used in Backrest IN MM
(±1 mm)

12 mm *

Frame Material ERW round pipe (25
mm diameter and 2.0
mm thick)

ERW round pipe (25
mm diameter and 2.0
mm thick)

Density of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Seat ±2
(Kg/Cub M)

40 Kg/Cub.M *

Material of Fabric of
Seat Cover

black leatherite black leatherite

Density of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Backrest
±2(Kg/Cub M)

40 Kg/Cub.M *

Thickness of
Plywood used in
Seat ±1(mm)

12 mm 12 mm

GSM/Thickness of
Fabric ±5 (Gram per
Sq Meter)

80 Gram per Sq Meter 80 Gram per Sq Meter

Arm Material Polyurethane on metal Polyurethane on metal

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Backrest IN
MM (+/- 3 mm)

40 mm 40 mm

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Seat IN MM
(+/- 3 mm)

40 mm 40 mm

Shoe Type plastic *

GENERIC Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 3499

Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/PHCy9HdOti5hUZPbUSlKJLZ37hzrQVRz_vLntjIJVfM


 

(Part-1) Latest

Chair Type With Arms With Arms

Type of Seat and
Backrest

Padded with
Polyurethane Foam

Padded with
Polyurethane Foam

Frame Type Cantilever Cantilever

Castors Without Without

DIMENSION Size of Material
(mm)

14 SWG 25 mm round
pipe

14 SWG 25 mm round
pipe

Chair Height
±15(mm)

890 mm 890 mm

Seat Depth ±10(mm) 450 mm 450 mm

Seat Width ±10
(mm)

450 mm 450 mm

Seat Height IN MM
±5(mm)

460 460

Backrest Width
±10(mm)

450 mm 450 mm

Backrest Height
±10(mm)

550 mm 550 mm

Arm Length ±5(mm) 200 mm 200 mm

Arm Width ±2(mm) 50 mm 50 mm

COLOUR & FINISH Colour of Fabric for
Seat and Backrest

black *

Paint Type synthetic enamel synthetic enamel

Colour of Paint As per Buyer's choice *

CERTIFICATION Polythene cane
conforming to Type-1
of IS 5378 /1994

NA *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer
on demand

YES YES

BIFMA certification NO YES, NO

OEM of offered
product is ISO
9001:2015 certified

NO YES, NO

OEM of offered
product is ISO
14001:2015 certified

NO YES, NO

OEM of offered
product is ISO
18001:2007 certified

NO YES, NO

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by

                               3 / 5



 

Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bunty Kumar 181221,BHQ Nagrota 70  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

                               4 / 5



 

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

