












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709260
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Chandigarh

Total Quantity 26

Item Category oxygen gas regulators

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 Board of Officers

Estimated Bid Value  80000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central

                               1 / 4



 

/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

Oxygen Gas Regulators ( 26 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Warranty and Test report
details

Warranty (Years) 1 1

Availability of Test Report
(to be furnished by Seller to
Buyer on demand) from
Central Govt/NABL/ILAC
acredited lab to prove
confirmity to specification

No *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Address of the Lab - *

Indian Standard and other
details

Conformity to Indian
Standard

IS1 6901:2009 With Latest
Amdmnt.

*

BIS Marking No Yes, No

CM/L No. - *

Gas Oxygen *

Type of Regulator Oxygen Regulator with
Pressure Reducing Valve
with Flow Meter

*

Stage of Pressure
Regulation

Single Stage Single Stage

Pressure Low Pressure Low Pressure, High
Pressure, Extra High
Pressure

Material for Pressure
Regulators ( Must Conforms
to ISO 9539 )

- *

Relief Valve Pressure
(Bar)

6 0 - 9999999

Equipment Class ( as per
IS 6901: 2009 with latest
amndmt

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

Flow Rate (m3/h) - *

Type of Outlet Connection (
Must be in accordance with
ISO3253)

- *

Gas Tightness shall confirms
to ISO 5171

Yes *

Weight of Regulator - *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/RYvypjJCO1AzHm1qrFk8rgl4vH6AMvwxhSpKggaONOM


 

(Grams)

No of Pressure Gauges
Fitted

1 *

Inlet Pressure to the
Regulator,Max (Bar)

299 150, 160, 199, 200, 220,
230, 250, 299, 300

Operating and Storage
Temperature Must be in
range of -20&deg;C to
+60&deg;C) (Degree
Celsius)

yes yes

Outlet Pressure to be
controlled,Max (Bar)

4.2 0.1 - 9999

Dimensions (LxWxD) (mm x
mm x mm)

- *

Type of Inlet Connection (
(Must be in accordance with
ISO/TR 7470)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Harpreet Singh 160002,ESIC Model Hospital,
ramdarbar, Industrial area ph-II

26  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

3.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful installation and
commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per normal industry practice, following
accessories must be part of supply and cost should be included in bid price: It should have Humidifier bottle with
rotameter attached to check flow rate from rotatory bobbin in it..

4.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.

                               3 / 4



 

vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local

supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

9.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): Not applicable
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Through Board of Officer(s) at Buyer's
premises

10.SLBR52
11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

