












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713593
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Andhra Pradesh

Department Name Law Department Andhra Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Visakhapatnam

Total Quantity 2

Item Category All in One PC ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

All In One PC ( 2 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make hp

Model hp400g5aiowin10pi999008256ssd2hdd3with23.8touchdis
play

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement

                               1 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ZELveZEVCQFyqKAVIL5NhUpbbRSwT-LFmUgPjCl7FZI


 

(Allowed Values)

Processor Processor Make Intel Intel, AMD

Processor Generation 9 7, 8, 9, 10 Or higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

8 2, 4, 6, 8 Or higher

Processor Base Frequency
(GHz)

3.1 *

Processor Description Intel Core i9 *

Processor Number Intel Core i9 9900 *

Out of Band Management NA *

Cache (MB) 16 *

Motherboard Chipset Series Intel Q Series Intel H Series, Intel B Series,
Intel Q Series, AMD B Series,
OEM, Intel Z Series Or
higher

Chipset Number Intel Q 370 *

Expansion Slots (M Dot 2) 2 *

Graphics Graphics Type Integrated *

Graphic Card Description UHD 630 *

Size of Memory in Case
of Dedicated Graphic
Card (GB)

0 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 8 Or higher

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics (MB)

128 *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Windows 10 Professional Windows 10 Professional,
Linux, DOS, Windows 10
Home, Mac OS

Recovery Image Media CD from the OEM / Stored in
Partition of the Hard Disk /
USB Drive from the OEM /
On Line / Cloud,

*

OS Certification Windows *

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 8 4, 8, 16, 32 Or higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 2666 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

2 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

1 *

RAM Expandability up to(
using spare DIMM Slots
in GB)

64 8, 16, 32, 64, 0 Or higher

Storage Type of Drives used to
populate the Internal
Bays

HDD,PCIe_SSD HDD, SSD, PCIe_SSD

Number of Internal Bays
populated with HDD

1 *

Capacity of each HDD (GB) 2000 @5400 rpm *

Total HDD Capacity (GB) 2000 500, 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000, 0 Or higher

                               2 / 7



 

Number of Internal Bays
populated with SSD

0 *

Capacity of each SSD (GB) 256 *

Total SSD Capacity (GB) 256 128, 256, 384, 512, 768,
1024, 2048, 4096, 0 Or
higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Display Display Size (INCHES) 23.8 18.5, 19.5, 20, 21.5, 22,
23.6, 23.8, 27, 34, 37.5 Or
higher

Display Type Touch Non Touch, Touch Or higher

Panel Technology IPS IPS, TN, VA Or higher

Display Resolution
(PIXELS)

1920x1080 1366x768, 1440 x 900,
1600 x 900, 1920x1080,
1920 x 1200, 3200x1800,
3840 x 2160, 3440 x 1440,
4096x2304, 5120x2880 Or
higher

Availability of Webcam
integrated with Display

Yes Yes, No

If yes, Resolution of
Webcam

FHD *

Availability of Speakers
integrated with Display

Yes *

If Yes, Number of Speakers
available

2 *

Connectivity Wireless Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

Wi-Fi 802.11ac *

Number of Ethernet Ports 1 *

Type of Ethernet Ports 10/100/1000 on board
Integrated Gigabit Port

*

Bluetooth Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Version of Bluetooth
Available

5 *

Ports Number of USB Version 2
Point 0 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Version 3
point 0 / 3 point 1, Gen 1
Ports

4 *

Number of USB Version 3
point 1, Gen 2 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Type C Ports 1 *

Number of Serial Ports 1 *

Number of VGA Ports 0 *

Number of HDMI Ports 0 *

Number of DP Ports 1 *

Generic Optical Drive DVD R/W *

Audio-in Yes *

Audio-out Yes *

                               3 / 7



 

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in Yes *

Stand Height Adjustable *

Power Power Supply External *

Power Supply Capacity
(Watt)

150 *

Minimum Power Efficiency
Range (%)

85 - 90 *

Certification BIS Registration under CRS
of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration Number
and its Validity

R-41092037 *

ROHS Compliance Yes *

BEE / Energy Star for the
given Model

Yes *

Other Certification Available UL,CE,FCC *

Input Devices Mouse Connectivity Wireless *

Type of Mouse Optical Scroll *

Keyboard Connectivity Wireless *

Type of Keyboard Standard *

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

5 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

5 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

90 *

Warranty On Site OEM Warranty
(Year)

3 1, 3, 5 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bonda Santosh Kumar 531035,NYAYAPRASTHA,
SABBAVARAM, VISAKHAPATNAM

2  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer

before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

                               4 / 7



 

Goods
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

4.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

7.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): gen
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: gen

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

9.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide AMC Service for next 
1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 5 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the
right to enter into an AMC agreement ( covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful
Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC period. Performance
Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the AMC contract when called upon by the
buyer. The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of
AMC Performance Security for 2% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other
claim). (Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

11.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 0 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

12.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by Government
buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor should work out input credit for that
GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total amount of new

                               5 / 7



 

goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding GST. This is because GST charged
by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC (input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for
the purpose of quoting in the bid and evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back)
as indicated in column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh Good
(A)

%age of
GST on

Fresh Good
as

considered
by seller at
the time of
quote (B).

GST
Amount on
Fresh Good

(C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)

as fixed by
buyer in
the bid

GST
Amount on
Buyback

item (F) as
applicable
at the time
of invoice
by buyer

Quote of
the Bidder (
G={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not alter their quoted price
indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well as buy back items
separately after award of contract through email to the government buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item with GST to the buyer
for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller itself without any extra
cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the seller at the cost of
buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of order. This in no case will modify the bid
in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting the environment in
any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the corrigendum with minimum
price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing to take back the
old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less than the minimum
price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government buyer/consignee at
the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods. Seller will be entitled for payment only
after removal of old goods from Government buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh
goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU working through their
ERP and not integrated with GPA.

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

14.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of dsnlu payable at 
visakhapatnam.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

                               6 / 7



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

