












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/646502

  Dated: 04-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 15-06-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-06-15 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Urban Development Department Karnataka

Organisation Name Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development And
Finance Corporation (kuidfc)

Office Name Davanagere Smart City Limited

Total Quantity 2000

Item Category polypropylene ropes

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 7



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Polypropylene Ropes ( 2000 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification Conforming To Indian
Standard IS 5175: 2014
(Latest)

*

CERTIFICATION Product ISI Marked No Yes, No

CM/L NUmber - *

CONSTRUCTION AND
MATERIAL

Construction Type 8-strand braided rope
(Type L)

8-strand braided rope
(Type L)

Material from which
rope is made

PP2 (polypropylene
split film, monofilament
and multifilament)

PP2 (polypropylene
split film, monofilament
and multifilament)

Splicing Unspliced ropes Unspliced ropes

COLOUR Colour of Rope Other Colours As per
Buyer Requirement

*

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2Oj6JfYhoQpPM1XmTsyo6UltmxCfjB3W1O1EvVGRYbg


 

PHYSICAL PROPERTIES
AND LENGTH

Reference number
(Rope Diameter)

32 32

Linear density and
minimum breaking
force shall be
confirming to Table 1,2
and 3 of IS

Yes *

Length of rope in coil
(Meters)

As required by the
Buyer

*

Length of Rope in Coil,
if as required by buyer

- *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

No Yes, No

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Not Applicable *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prashanth H Y 577004,#1776/A85/A86,
Siddaveerappa layout,
Shamanur Road,
Davanagere

2000  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during

                               3 / 7



 

preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.Preference to Make In India products: Preference shall be given to local supplier as defined in
public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to time
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific
Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a local supplier, should be as per
relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry as available on the website of
Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade (DPIIT). If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
29.5.2019.

9.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 2% of total
value.

10.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the

                               4 / 7



 

local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

11.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

13.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): 7
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 10

14.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises for their compliance to the
contract specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any
external laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the
Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-
mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller
about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date
for testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch
inspection. Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received
at his location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously
been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External
Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any
delay in inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised
without Liquidated Damages.

15.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and

                               5 / 7



 

evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)

                               6 / 7



 

 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

16.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

17.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

18.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

