












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710998

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Principal Chief Material Manager,north
Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur

Total Quantity 26

Item Category ENT head light-ear

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

ENT Head Light-ear ( 26 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Complete Set Purpose Coaxial luminaire
provides shadow free
illumination for
improved efficiencies

*

Light weight and
confortable head band
options

Yes *

Supply of accessory
like chager,cable &
batteries

Yes *

Color of light Cool day light *

Brightness (Lumen) 40 *

Color Temperature
(Degree Kelvin)

2700-3000 degree K 2700-3000 degree K

Minimum LED Life
(Hours)

10000 10000.0 - 100000.0 Or
higher

Nature of focussing Spot *

Portable compact
design with no wires-
into shirt pocket

Yes *

Charging time
(Hours)

5 0.1 - 5.0 Or lower

Color rendering
index (CRI)

85 85.0 - 100.0 Or higher

Type of battery - *

Run time (Minures) 250 250.0 - 300.0 Or higher

ON/OFF control with
lens holder

Yes *

Product complies
with IEC 60601-1 and
IEC60601-2-41

No No

Dimensions (HeightXwi
dthXThickness)
(mmXmmXmm)

- *

MINIMUM Spot
diameter (mm)

10 *

MAXIMUM Spot
diameter (mm)

65 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/XaWYcnETAmRW-RkqAoqYwK9JZOe6MEat0UeJgsb8yJ0


 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bhuwan Prakash
Dehariya

273012,Chief Work Shop
Manager, Mechanical
Workshop, North Eastern
Railway, Gorakhpur

26  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

6.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

                               3 / 4



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

