












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702309

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Haryana

Department Name Electronics And Information Technology Department
Haryana

Organisation Name Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation
Ltd.(hartron)

Office Name Chandigarh

Total Quantity 600

Item Category hand held metal detector - security metal detector

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  26 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  212 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594194136.pdf

                               1 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1777626/1594194136.pdf


 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 106680

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Assistant General Manager
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd.(HARTRON), Hartron Bhawan, Bay no.
73-76, Sector-2, Panchkula-134112
(Nirmal Parkash)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three

                               2 / 7



 

years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hand Held Metal Detector - Security Metal Detector ( 600 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TECHNOLOGY /
DIMENSIONS / WEIGHT

Technology Pulse Technology *

Length Total (overall)
(mm)

380 *

Probe Width / Dia (mm) 80 *

Body Width / Dia (mm) 40 *

Maximum Weight
(grams)

325 *

DETECTION RANGE /
SCAN RATE

Detection Ferrous, Non-Ferrous &
Alloys

*

Detects Pin from a
minimum distance of
(mm):

25 *

Detects Pistol - 0.22
from a minimum
distance of (mm):

150 *

Detects Cartridge -
0.22 from a minimum
distance of (mm):

50 *

Detects Razor Blade
from a minimum
distance of (mm):

25 *

Tuning to ensure equal
results on wide range
of metals and alloys

Automatic *

Scan Rate (mm per
Second) (mm/s)

600 *

BATTERY - POWER
SOURCE

Battery type (inclusive
in the scope of supply)

Alkaline, 3 Volt (1.5
Volt x 2)

*

Batter Chemistry Zn/MnO2 *

Details of battery, AH
capacity (mAh)

180 *

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/vhCSXF9R4AY73kPlkhrndTAr1pImqdbKaC6cWdxqL_g


 

Minimum Battery Back-
up in continuous
operation on single
charge (hours)

550 hours for Alkaline
Battery (on 10 %
detection rate)

*

Battery Protection
against reverse polarity

Yes *

Battery charger
(inclusive in the scope
of supply)

NA *

GENERIC Construction Non-breakable, scratch
prooff, impact resistant
ABS moulded casing

*

Operation Push button or switch
to put 'ON' for
continuous use

*

Calibration Auto *

Water Resistant (Works
under rainy condition)

Yes *

Alarm Selectable Audio &
Visual and Vibration &
Visual Separately

*

LED indication ''ON indication'', ''Metal
detection indication'',
''Low battery
indication''.

*

Interference Harmless to wearers of
pacemakers,
defibrillators or other
vital support systems,
pregnant women and
magnetic storage
media (floppy disks,
audio cassettes, video
cassettes and similar)

*

Technical manual
giving full description
of the item & User's
hand book and
literature on
preservation /
maintenance

Inclusive in the scope
of supply

*

Cleaning Kit Yes *

Practical training 1 Day *

Availability of Spares
for a period of 7 years
after the warranty
period

Yes *

Operating Temperature
Range

Minus 5 degree to Plus
55 degree Celcius

*

                               4 / 7



 

WARRANTY Warranty(Year) 3 3.0

CERTIFICATION Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt / NABL / ILAC
accredited Lab
covering all the
parameters as per
specifications

Yes *

Test Report No. and
Date

- *

Name and address of
Test Lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nirmal Parkash 160017,Hartron SCO
111-113 sector 17B

600  42

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

2.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of

                               5 / 7



 

goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

7.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

8.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): The Joint Committee of Haryana Police & Hartron(Cost will be
bear by Seller, if any
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: By end user
consignee

11.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without

                               6 / 7



 

Liquidated Damages.
12.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting

Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 50% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant
policy.

13. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

14.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

15.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

16.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

