












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706017

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Indian Oil Corporation Limited

Organisation Name Ioc - Gujarat Refinery

Office Name Iocl- Gujarat Refinery

Total Quantity 10000

Item Category Fibre Cable for Networking

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  944944

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 9449

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
AM(MAT)
IOCL- Gujarat Refinery, INDIAN OIL CORPORATION LIMITED, IOC - Gujarat Refinery, Ministry of
Petroleum and Natural Gas
(Mahendra Gajanan Bokade)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Fibre Cable For Networking ( 10000 meter )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 5



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Fibre cable generally
conforming to IEC
60793-1, IEC 60793-2,
and to conform other
normative
specifications as
specificed in IEC:60793
Part 1 and Part 2

Yes *

Fibre count 12 12

Jacket material LSZH LSZH

Fibre type Single mode OS1 Single mode OS1

Nominal Cable weight
Kg/Km - Must declare

- *

Operational
temperature range

-20 deg C to +60 deg.
C

-20 deg C to +60 deg.
C

Storage temperature
range

-20 deg C to +60 deg.
C

-20 deg C to +60 deg.
C

Constructional Type of tube / no. of
tube / no. of core per
tube

Unitube /1/12 Unitube /1/12

Cable Armouring Armoured with ECCS
tape

Armoured with ECCS
tape

Each meter printed
with sequential length
counter of cable apart
from marking
requirement as per
relevant specifications
and certifications

Yes *

Certifications Availability of complete
and satisfactory type
test Report from
Central Government /
NABL/ ILAC accredited
laboratory to
conformity of the
Specification

Yes *

Test report Number - *

Report date - *

Name and address of
Lab

- *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
to the buyer/consignee
on demand

Yes *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/hVfA7L1JVCyqVlu74dc2uYBsUlFBK15QRoE565FAPeM


 

Performance
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Parmar
Rakeshbhai
Balubhai

391320,P.O Jawaharnagar
391320

10000  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

