












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713950
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 2045

Item Category boot high ankle leather dvs

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Past Performance,Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 33661

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 4



 

Beneficiary: 
COMMANDANT
222 Abod, Department of Defence, Indian Army, Ministry of Defence
(Col Kunal Bhatnagar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Boot High Ankle Leather Dvs ( 2045 pairs )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification Boot High Ankle DVS (
Improved Version ) as per
defence specification No
IND/ TC/ 3844 available at
Controllerate of Quality
Assurance, Textiles and
Clothing, Post Box No 294,
Kanpur 208004.

*

COLOUR Color Black *

SIZE AND FITTINGS Size and Fittings 8, Medium 8, Medium

REGISTERATION Whether registered with
any Defence Authourity

Yes Yes

If registered, name of
Registration Authourity (
Must be declared ) ( Enter
not applicable, if not
registered )

- *

Registration Certficate No
and Validity ( Must be
declared ) ( Enter not
applicable, if not registered
)

- *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from Designated
AHSP, NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Name of the Lab - *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/MDAPd3WUc8HFrUW2ZL3lFqGLk32oIzLBxWq8FtpbED8


 

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand, if
claimed to be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide Advance
Sample(s) for buyer's
approval before
commencement of supply

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********KAMRUP 2045  45

Special terms and conditions for category boot high ankle leather dvs 

1.After award of contract, when specified in the Bid, Seller shall have to get Advance\nSample(s) approved by the
Buyer before starting Bulk Supplies. The Seller shall submit the\nAdvance Sample(s) within 7 days from the date
of placement of the order. The buyer shall\napprove or otherwise the Advance Sample(s) within 7 days from the
date of receipt of the\nAdvance Sample(s).

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Demurrage charges In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage
charges at the rate of 0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within
a month, the same will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.Demurrage
charges. In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage charges at the rate of
0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within a month, the same
will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

6.Packing Material The items will be supplied by the successful bidder in its original packing material and the
packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing material will not be included in quantity supplied and
only net weight of the items will be counted. The packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size.
Item will not be accepted in non-standardized weights.Packing Material. The items will be supplied by the
successful bidder in its original packing material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing
material will not be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items will be counted. The packing
should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will not be accepted in non-standardized weights.

7.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.

                               3 / 4



 

ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
9.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): Not applicable
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Board of Officers as detailed by Buyer to
be Carried out

12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

