












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704417

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Water Resources River Development And
Ganga Rejuvenation

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Central Water Commission (cwc)

Office Name O/o Chief Engineer, B&bbo, Cwc Shillong, Ner

Total Quantity 11

Item Category Single / Double Bed - Wooden - With / Without Box

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Single / Double Bed - Wooden - With / Without Box ( 11 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Material of
Mattresses Panel

Other wood Other wood

Material of Bottom
Panel of Storage Box

Three layer
prelaminated particles
board (Wood product)
of grade II type II of IS
12823/Latest

Three layer
prelaminated particles
board (Wood product)
of grade II type II of IS
12823/Latest

Material of Front,
Back and side Panels

MDF Board Conforming
To IS:12406(Grade SBG
I)

MDF Board Conforming
To IS:12406(Grade SBG
I)

Material of Headrest mdf board conforming
to is 12406 grade sbg i

mdf board conforming
to is 12406 grade sbg i

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/a0IHrINko1g66EO5lS-xwm8N_exvS2KKsPKybjGH-_k


 

Material of Legrest mdf board conforming
to is 12406 grade sbg i

mdf board conforming
to is 12406 grade sbg i

GENERIC Type of Bed Double Bed Wooden Double Bed

Material of Bed
Frame

Three layer
prelaminated particles
board (Wood product)
of grade II type II of IS
12823/Latest

Three layer
prelaminated particles
board (Wood product)
of grade II type II of IS
12823/Latest

Headrest provided Yes *

Legrest provided Yes *

Opening of Storage Box Opening from Side *

Number of Openings
(Nos)

2 *

Hydraulic System
provided for
Opening

No Yes, No

Top Panel have
Supports from all the
four sides

YES *

Leg Details metal legs *

Number of Supports
under Bottom Panel of
storage box (Nos)

3 *

DIMENSIONS Mattress Fixing Length
±10 (mm)

1830 *

Mattress Fixing
Width ±10 (mm)

1525 1525

Mattress Panel Height
±5 (mm)

200 *

Depth of Storage Box in
mm (±10 mm)

850 *

Thickness of Mattresses
Panel ± 1(mm)

19 *

Thickness of Bottom
Panel of Storage Box
±1 (mm)

19 *

Thickness of Front,
Back and Side Panels
±2 (mm)

25 *

Thickness of
material of Headrest
±2 (mm)

18 18

Overall Height of
Headrest ±5 (mm)

900 *

Length of Headrest
±10 (mm)

1525 *

                               3 / 5



 

Thickness of material of
Legrest ±2 (mm)

25 *

Overall Height of
Legrest ±5 (mm)

450 450

Overall Length of
Legrest ±10 (mm)

1525 1525

Size OF SUPPORT for
Top Panel ±2
(mmxmm)

25 x 25 *

Size of Supports on
under Bottom Panel of
storage box ±2
(mmxmm)

35 x 35 *

COLOUR & FINISHING Finish Laminated Laminated

Colour of Paint dark brown *

Colour of Lamination Wengee *

All Visible Wood Parts
to be Polished

NA *

WARANTEE WARANTEE PERIOD
IN NUMBER OF
YEARS

1 1

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Enakshi Barman 781014,O/o Executive
Engineer, CWC Complex, P.O
Jalukbari, Behind Adabari
Bus Stand

11  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.

                               4 / 5



 

iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

11.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

