












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/701779

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Nagar Palika Parishad Rampur Moradabad

Total Quantity 35

Item Category Hopper Tipper Dumper

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  122 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  980 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 735000

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Executive Officer
Nagar Palika Parishad Rampur Moradabad, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-
Municipalities - eServices to citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Praveen Verma)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hopper Tipper Dumper ( 35 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 7



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Chassis Certification ARAI *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

At the time of supply of
the equipment, the
chassis should not be
more than 6 months
old

Yes *

Generic Parameters Type of TIPPER Garbage Tipper Box body Tipper, Rock
body construction
Tipper, Garbage Tipper,
Other tipper

Type of TIPPER if other
tipper ,please declare
type of Tipper,

- *

Make of Chassis - *

Type of Chassis Frame - *

Category of Vehicle
for which Chassis to
be used

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles,
Medium Capacity
Commercial Vehicles,
Heavy Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Type of Chasssis Chassis with Facecowl *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel, CNG, Petrol

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-III (only for
Defence), BS-IV, BS-VI

Fuel Consumption (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Kmpl)

22 *

Speed, Max (Km/Hr) 65 *

Max Engine Power
BHP (BHP@rpm)

20 Any applicable numeric
value

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Power

20 *

Max Engine Torque
(N-M@rpm)

45 Any applicable numeric
value

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Torque

3200 *

Main Engine
Aspiration

Natural Aspiration Natural Aspiration,
Turbocharged,

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/oDLtcDE9lD4wOzjoOuddqQBmYf1MYIvnbKO1DXciH3M


 

Supercharged,
Turbocharged+
Supercharged,
Turbocharged
Intercooled

No. of Cylinder in Main
Engine (Nos)

45 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

29 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
with load( %)

27.6 *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

160 *

Wheel Base (mm) 2100 *

Kerb Weight (Kg) 919 *

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

919 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of BIS MARKED
Vehicle Tyre

Radial *

Chassis
Transmission System

Manual Automatic, Manual

Number of Speed/
Forward Gears

4 *

Type of Steering Manual Manual, Power
Operated

Turning Radius,Min
(mm)

4300 Any applicable numeric
value

Speed Governers/ECU Yes *

ABS Fitted No *

Front Vehicle Brake - *

Rear Vehicle Brake - *

Type of Clutch - *

Tipping Angle (Degree) 85 *

Tipper Container cap
acity/Volume(cubic
metres)

2.1 0.5 - 20

Consructional
Parameters

Size Of Front Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size Of Rear Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size of Wheel (mm) 304 *

Tipper body Pivot
length (mm)

0 *

Tipper body Length
(mm)

2240 *

                               4 / 7



 

Tipper Body Height
(mm)

735 *

Overall Height of Tipper
from Ground (mm)

1517 *

Body Plate Thickness
(mm)

1.5 *

Main Frame Thickness
(mm)

3 *

Hydraulic System Yes *

Tipping Hydraulic
Cylinders(Make)

- *

Hydraulic System
Driven by

Main Engine *

Tipper Container
Material

Mild Steel Mild Steel, Stainless
Steel, Aluminium,
Chromium Alloy Based

Thickness of sheet from
tipper Collector
Container Made (mm)

1.5 *

Dumping Height (mm) 1011 *

Engine Oil Pressure
Level Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

Fuel Gauge Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

Engine Cooling Liquid
Temperature Indicator
in Control Panel

Yes *

Operating Hour Meter No *

Locking/Unlocking of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Lowering/Lifting of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Counter Weight No *

If yes Counter Weight
(kg)

0 *

Paint Automotive Paint *

Performance
Parameters

Standard Sparewheel
and Tool Kit

Yes *

Warranty Time
(Month)

12 Any applicable numeric
value

No. Of Free Service
(Nos)

3 *

                               5 / 7



 

Battery Warranty
(Months)

12 12, 24, 36 Or higher

Warranty Distance
(Km)(Unlimited during
warranty Period)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vimal Kumar
Mishra

244901,Nagar Palika
Parishad Rampur, Near
Hathi Khana, Rampur

35  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 10 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): bidder premises
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: our workshop

5.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the

                               6 / 7



 

Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

