












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713050
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Palika Parisad Ujhani

Total Quantity 1

Item Category tractors

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the

                               1 / 4



 

bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Tractors ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Tractor Model No. - *

Tractor Engine Capacity (cc) 1557 *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

Bharat (TREM IIIA ) Stage-IV Bharat (TREM IIIA ) Stage-IV

Colour of the Tractor - *

Fuel Consumption during
Mould Board Ploughing

2.42 *

Fuel Consumption during
Pudding

0 0

Fuel Consumption During
Rotavation

3.25 3.25

Fuel Consumption at
Rated Engine Speed
(RPM), Max (Ltr/Hr)

3.48 3.48

Fuel Consumption at Rated
Standard PTO Speed (RPM)
(Ltr/Hr)

3.46 *

Engine BHP@rpm, Max
(hp@rpm)

- 21.81650

Engine Torque
@rpm,Max (N-m@rpm)

- 102950

Power Take-Off (PTO)
Type

Transmission Transmission

PTO@rpm, Max (hp@rpm) - *

Engine Aspiration
System

Natural Natural

Engine Cooling Air Cooled Air Cooled

Fuel Injection Inline Inline

Fuel Tank Capacity (Ltrs) 32.5 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/c_ARsiAfHlCR95F20prX29y_kO9-KV3-kbt0AgYBkks


 

Length of Tractor Body
(mm)

3155 *

Width of Tractor Body (mm) 1630 *

Ground Clearance (mm) 405 *

Wheel Base (mm) 1920 *

Size Of Front Tyre with ply
rating (mm)

- *

Size Of Rear Tyre with ply
rating (mm)

- *

Track Width Front (mm) 1305 *

Track Width Rear (mm) 1295 *

Tractor Transmission
System

Sliding Mesh Sliding Mesh

No. of Forward Gears (Nos.) 8 *

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel Drive Two Wheel Drive

Drive Axle Rear Rear

Type of Steering Manual Manual

Tractor Brake Dry Disc Brake Dry Disc Brake

Type of Clutch Single *

Lifting Capacity at Hitch
Point (Kg)

1000 *

Turning Radius (mm) 3310 *

Transporation Charges
including transient
insurance (Rs/Km)

- 0.00

Certification Vehicle Certification No.
CFMTTI,BUDHNI/CMVR

- *

Performance Parameters Warranty Time (Month) 12 *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nafees Ahamad Saifi 243639,railway road nagar palika
ujhani

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category tractors 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and Conditions (GTC) in
respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up and all taxes will be

indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM. The mark up will not be applicable for
Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer
will be quoted separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry of goods into the
State where the consignee is located. The Buyer / Consignee should also provide the Seller with

                               3 / 4



 

necessary Octroi Exemption Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of
Town Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and Duties such as
Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by the paying authority against
production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time of invoicing by
multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP while offering their
products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses - 20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with
Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles -
15%Water Truck Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric Cars
- 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like Troop Carriers, Water
Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular model is the lowest and
no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of
GeM. In case of violation of this, GeM administration will review for removal of the model from
GeM including other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered model may upload their
vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These guidelines are applicable only on GeM and
Government Buyers shall utilize the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore, it shall be extra and

to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract Specifications.
2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without freight charges.

Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount will be blocked over and above the
total price inclusive of all taxes to cover the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate
basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate the freight amount at
actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis whichever is lower and the same should
be verified by the Buyer, before payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing their Contract. The
total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In case Buyer does so,
the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic Institute/Local Bodies etc.
shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM. Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only
applicable, if the procurement is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement
outside GeM portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the laid down procedure
for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made for similar vehicles
and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for Vehicles under
above mentioned categories as in these categories, only those models are up loaded on GeM for
which manufactures agreed to accept discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned
above against each type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go for bidding for
these products on account of large quantity or for any other reason, the manufactures of the
vehicles are exempted from submission of Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM shall have to provide

Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period as per contract. : The comprehensive
warranty shall be covering the following scope 1 (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by
the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM
undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

