












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706598

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence Production

Organisation Name Indian Ordnance Factories

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 6

Item Category High Mast Pole with LED Flood Lighting System

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 25200

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

                             1 / 15



 

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 29

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
GENERAL MANAGER
Ordnance Factory Badmal, Department of Defence Production, Indian Ordnance Factories, Ministry
of Defence
(M Chandrasekaran)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

High Mast Pole With LED Flood Lighting System ( 6 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Highmast with LED
Luminaires contains
High mast pole, LED
flood light luminaire,
Distribution box, MCB,

Yes *

                             2 / 15

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/cMWykiaqcG2vBrTaCRaWyotizlzqZwToGau2aj97g4c


 

Power cable, Wiring,
Earthing road and wire,
Mounting brackets and
other suitable
accessories as
applicable

Installation and
commissioning
(Installation and
commissioning work
at multiple locations
shall follow as per
the guidelines of
State/Central Govt.,
rules and
regulations as
applicable

Yes. Including Civil
work at site

Yes. Including Civil
work at site

Onsite warranty (in
Years)

2 2

POLE Tubular steel poles
shall be conforming to

IS 2713/80(Part-1& 2)
with amdt No-1 latest

*

ISI Marked No No

ISI Marekd if "Yes" BIS
License Number (CM/L
Number) - Must declare
(If No write NA)

- *

Length of Tubular
steel poles (in
Metre)

12 12, 13 (with 2 nos.of
Air Aviation Obstruction
LED), 16 (with 2 nos.of
Air Aviation Obstruction
LED), 16 (Hot dip
Galvanized pole
suitable for wind
velocity of 180 Km/Hr.)

Type of steel poles Swaged (SP) Swaged (SP)

Designation of
Tubular steel poles
as per table 2 of IS
2713/80 Part-2 with
amdt No 1

410SP-10 410SP-10

Earthing
arrangement as per
Cl.14.1 of
IS:2713:1980 Part 1
latest

Yes Yes

Coating on the
tubular steel poles
(for entire length)

Galvanised min. Mass
of Zinc coating 360
Gms. sq. Mtr.,

Galvanised min. Mass
of Zinc coating 360
Gms. sq. Mtr.,

Grade of steel tube,
as per IS:1161/1998

Yst 240 Yst 240

Availability of Type Yes *

                             3 / 15



 

Test Reports of the
product from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited Lab showing
compliance to the
specification (as per
IS:2713:1980 Part 1,
Part 2 latest).

LED FLOOD LIGHT
LUMINAIRE

No. of Luminaires
per pole

8 Nos. / pole 8 Nos. / pole, 10 Nos. /
pole, 12 Nos. / pole

LED Luminaire
conformity to
IS:10322/Part 5/Section
5/2012 latest and IS:
16107 (Part 2/Sec
1):2012 latest

Yes *

Photo biological safety
of LEDs used shall be
as per IS:16108/2012
(exempt group)

Yes *

Types of LED Luminaire
as per the IS:
16107(Part-2/
Sec.-1)/2012

Type B *

Types of LED Modules
as per the IS:
16103(Part-2)/2012

Type 3 *

LED Rating/System
Wattage/Rated
Power

150W 150W, 300W, 180W

Luminaire System
Efficacy (Lumen/watt)

>/= 100 Lm/Watt *

Ingress Protection
(IP Rating) as per
IS:10322 (Part
1):1982 latest

IP66 IP66

Mounting brackets
(included)

Adjustable *

Input operating
Voltage range and
frequency

140 to 270 V olts AC at
50 Hz+/-2 Hz with auto
cutt off at below 120V

140 to 270 V olts AC at
50 Hz+/-2 Hz with auto
cutt off at below 120V

Automatic Higher Cut
off voltage above 300
volt

Yes *

Rated voltage 230 V AC 50 Hz *

AC Power Factor at full
load

≥ 0.95 *

Driver Efficiency (in
%age)

≥85 *

                             4 / 15



 

Total Harmonics
Distortion (in %age)

≤ 10 *

The total circuit power
shall not be more than
110 percent of the
value declared by the
manufacturer"

Yes *

LED chip Efficacy ≥130 Lm/Watt *

Colour temperature
(+/-500K)

6000K 6000K

Working life for LED
(Minimum 50,000
burning hours as per
LM-80 report)

Yes *

Colour Rendering
Index(CRI)

≥70 *

Beam Angle ≥120 *

Optic lense materal
(UV stabilised)
(Write NA for
without optic lense
supply)

Poly carbonate lense Poly carbonate lense

Heat sink should be die-
cast aluminium along
with sufficient heat sink
fins to dissipate heat
effectively

Yes *

Capacitor shall be rated
for a temperature of
105 deg. celsius or
better

Yes *

Junction temperature < 85 degC *

Operating
temperature range

-10 deg C to +50 deg
C,

-10 deg C to +50 deg
C,

Operating Humidity
Range

10 % to 95% RH *

Short circuit Protection Yes *

Over load protecton Yes *

Over Voltage protection Yes *

Reverse polarity Yes *

High voltage test (1.5
KV for one minute
between supply
terminals and body of
the unit)

Yes *

Insulation resistance
between earth and
current carrying part

>100 M ohm *

                             5 / 15



 

The luminaire shall
be protected against
surges and
transients ( Internal)

>/=5KV >/=5KV

The luminaire shall
be protected against
surges and
transients of
>/=10KV (External)

Yes Yes

The Luminaires
casing/housing (single
piece housing) shall be
pressure die casted
aluminium alloy with
higher thermal
conductivity

Yes *

The luminaire body
must be corrosion
resistant epoxy powder
coated

Yes *

All fastners must be of
stainless steel

Yes *

The entire housing
(both LED section and
driver section) shall be
dust and water proof
having IP 66 protection
as per IS:10322 (Part
1):1982 latest

Yes *

Extruded silicon loop
gasket shall be
provided in the lantern
body to ensure a
weather proof seal
between the UV Glass
cover and the metal
housing to exclude the
entry of the dust,
water, insects etc.,

Yes *

Luminaries light
transparency should be
of Toughened glass

Yes *

Toughned transparent
glass cover thickness

>/=4 mm *

Toughned Glass shall
not get discoloured
shall not suffer
degration due to heat
and ageing within
warranty period

Yes *

Number of electronic
control gear per

1 1

                             6 / 15



 

luminaire (power
supplies) (in
Numbers)

Driver components
shall be industrial
grade or above

Yes *

PCB shall be FR4 grade
minimum 0.8 to 1.0
mm thick or more

Yes *

The Luminaires works
on single phase three
wires system (Phase,
Neutral and Earth)

Yes *

Suitable connector
shall be provided for
LED connection
between driver output
and LED

Yes *

Length of ISI marked
three core wire
(shall be provided
along with supply of
material)

50 cm 50 cm

Light Source SMD LED Chip as per
LM 80/IS16106

*

Manufactures Name
and and brand on the
aluminium die cast
body

Engraved/Embossed *

Manufacturer’s name,
model number, serial
number

Yes *

Date of manufacture
(month-year), and lot
number as
identification mark
inside each unit and
the outside of each
packaging box

Yes *

The operation
characteristics voltage
and power be marked
inside of each LED
luminaire unit

Yes *

LED Make OSRAM / NICHIA/CREE /
SAMSUNG / SEOUL /
LUMILED / PHILIPS /
EDISON / SYSKA /
LUMENMAX /
EVERLIGHT /
BRIDGELUX /
NATIONSTAR / REFOND,

OSRAM / NICHIA/CREE /
SAMSUNG / SEOUL /
LUMILED / PHILIPS /
EDISON / SYSKA /
LUMENMAX /
EVERLIGHT /
BRIDGELUX /
NATIONSTAR /

                             7 / 15



 

REFOND,, Other than
OSRAM / NICHIA/CREE /
SAMSUNG / SEOUL /
LUMILED / PHILIPS /
EDISON / SYSKA /
LUMENMAX /
EVERLIGHT /
BRIDGELUX /
NATIONSTAR / REFOND

System must have
EMI/EMC compliance as
applicable (Test reports
shall be furnish on
demand by
buyer/consignee)

Yes *

LM 79 (Photometry)
(Ref.IS:16106:2012)
report from Central
Government
lab/NABL/ILAC
accrediated lab.
Reports shall be furnish
on demany by buyer
(LM-79 report shall
have total lumen
output, power, PF,
Current in Amps, CRI &
CCT etc.,)

Yes *

LM 80 & TM 21 (Part of
LM 80) (Ref.
IS:16105:2012) Reports
and Photo biological
report for LED report
from Central
Government lab
/NABL/ILAC accrediated
lab. Reports shall be
furnish on demany by
buyer (LM-80 report
shall haveand the
Pohoto Biological report
of the LED Chip being
used in the luminaire)

Yes *

Availability of test
Report from Central
Government
lab/NABL/ILAC
accrediated lab to
Indian Standrad
IS:10322/part
5/sec-5/2012 and IS
16107 (Part 2/Sec 1) :
2012

Yes *

DC or AC supplied
electronic control gear

Yes *

                             8 / 15



 

for LED Module shall
comlpy as per IS:15885
(Part 2/Sec.13)

LED Luminaire for Flood
Light shall comply with
Complusory
Registration(CRS) of
BIS for safety as per IS
10322 (Part 5/Section
5): 2012 as applicable
on the date

Yes *

ACCESSORIES - G I Pipe G.I. Pipe (ISI
Marked) for earthing
with all accessories
per pole shall
supplied

Yes Yes

G.I. Pipe length (in
mm)

NA NA

G.I. Pipe dia NA NA

ACCESSORIES - G I
Wire

ISI marked G.I. wire
shall be supplied per
pole for earthing

Yes Yes

G.I. wire dia (in mm) NA NA

G.I. Wire length (in
m)

NA NA

ACCESSORIES - Power
Cable

PVC Insulated,
armoured power
cable (ISI marked to
IS:1554 Part 1) shall
be supply per pole

Yes Yes

No. of core 2 2

Cross sectional area
of cable (in Sq.mm)

NA NA

Conductor material Copper Copper

Cable category Type C, C2, FR-LSH Type C, C2, FR-LSH

Length (in mtrs.,) 25 25

ACCESSORIES - Wiring PVC insulated wiring
cable (IS Marked to
IS:694) shall be
supply per pole

Yes Yes

No. of core 2 2, NA

Cross sectional area
of cable (in Sq.mm)

1.5 1.5, NA

Conductor material
(for wiring)

Copper Copper

Cable category (for
wiring)

Type C, FR-LSH Type C, FR-LSH

                             9 / 15



 

Cable length (in
mtrs.,)

20 20

ACCESSORIES - MCB Distribution Board
with Switches &
Terminals and ISI
marked MCB per
pole shall be supply
with lighting system

Yes Yes

Distribution board
for fixing MCB with
enclosure protection

Yes. Provided with IP
43

Yes. Provided with IP
43

Distribution Board
per pole for fixing
MCB with enclosure
protection IP43 and
above

Yes. Provided. Yes. Provided.

MCB - Rated current
(in Ampere)

16.0 A 16.0 A

No. of pole 1 Pole 1 Pole

Rated Voltage 240 Volt 240 Volt

Bracket for each
pole : Mounting
arrachement
including suitable
bracket for fixing
the Luminaires with
each pole. Bracket
material shall be MS.
Galvanised min.
Mass of Zinc coating
360 Gms. sq. Mtr.,

Yes Yes

CERTIFICATIONS Marking: All the
products shall have
marking details as per
relevant BIS standard

Yes *

Seller shall furish all
the test reports and
certificates as per the
technical specification
to the purchase
auhtority on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                            10 / 15



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********BALANGIR 6  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful
Bidder :-
(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food
Specification prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification
in any climate and under all conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty
period of the item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached from the date of
acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the
item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of
stores, that the goods/ stores supplied under the contract shall be free from all types of
defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various
depots and stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the
responsibility of supplier is over. At any point of time, the DGST or his authorised
representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from locations where they are
held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are meeting the
concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest
means by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised
representative of the supplier within three working days in whose presence the sample will
be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn unilaterally and the decision on the same
will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c)
above, the goods are reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as
per the Defence Food Specifications, the stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within
Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it having been declared (during the
period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the Director General of
Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the
quality as per DFS for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as
specified in the succeeding paras within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the
notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer, failing which, the buyer will
take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together with all
incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the
supplies were ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his
behalf in regard to these charges will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been
made without committing Govt in any way nor will such decision prejudice the Govt rights.
(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity
including GST and all incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other
incidental charges if any through CDP (APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply
depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality. Option 1- Supplierwill make good
the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by depositing the
money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier
shall lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations
where they are stored at that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to
all) on his own cost, failing which the stock shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall
be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks declared failed to perform within
warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free of charge,
within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for

                            11 / 15



 

such defect by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk
and cost by a station board of officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and
consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The
fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo similar QC procedure as
followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to the
supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the
defect in such an event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under
:-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of
the deposition of the claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the
PBG for a corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired,
after the stipulated time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate
legal action will be initiated against the supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the
destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved
for handing over to suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the
SUPPLIER in writing that a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the
SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the proper communication of that consignment
provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45 days of the expiry of the
warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in that
behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be
valid as per the original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing
by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause
and other claim(s) that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that
effect is made by the Buyer failing which such claims will be recovered by adjustment
against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum be not sufficient to cover the
full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of
guarantee regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the
performance security deposit or such portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may
be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to final supplies.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

                            12 / 15



 

6.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

7. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

8.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

10.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of GENERAL
MANAGER ORDNANCE FACTORY BADMAL payable at STATE BANK OF INDIA BADMAL.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

                            13 / 15



 

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of GENERAL MANAGER ORDNANCE FACTORY BADMAL A/C (Name of the Seller). The
bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of GENERAL MANAGER
ORDNANCE FACTORY BADMAL payable at STATE BANK OF INDIA BADMAL, BALANGIR.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

14.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name GENERAL MANAGER Account No. 10793974179 IFSC Code SBIN0008703
Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA Branch address BADMAL, BALANGIR, ODISHA 767070.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

15.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of GENERAL MANAGER ORDNANCE FACTORY BADMAL payable at STATE BANK OF
INDIA BADMAL. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the
DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer
within 15 days of award of contract.

16.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of GENERAL MANAGER ORDNANCE FACTORY BADMAL A/C (Name of the Seller).
The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with
the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in
favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed
and stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of
the FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to
the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

17.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name GENERAL MANAGER Account No. 10793974179
IFSC Code SBIN0008703 Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA Branch address 
BADMAL,BALANGIR, ODISHA 767070. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and
name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder
has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15
days of award of contract.

18.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                            14 / 15

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            15 / 15

http://www.tcpdf.org

