












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699012

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 16-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 16-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nhpc Limited, Tanakpur Power Station, Banbassa,
262310, Uttarakhand

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Automatic External Defibrillator (AED)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Automatic External Defibrillator (AED) ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 4



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Product Configuration Clinical Purpose Automatic external
defibrillator should be
fully automated, using
biphasic technology as
per manufacturer
recommendations
energy level (joules) to
deliver shock energy,
complying with latest
guidelines of AHA and
must be upgraded to
any future changes.

*

Display AED have an LCD
screen that display text
prompts & ECG on
screen

AED have an LCD
screen that display text
prompts & ECG on
screen

Alarms/Prompts: Must provide both
visual and audible
prompts on CPR
complying with latest
AHA guidelines.

*

Construction: Compact, light weight,
portable with easily
identifiable ON/OFF
switch and preferably
with a handle to carry

*

IPX rating for dust &
water protection:

IP55 or better *

Power Power Source: AED shall be battery
operated

*

Battery: AED Battery shall be
non rechargeable,
disposable and easily
replaceable battery.

*

Battery Life: Standby life of AED
battery shall be of >=
4 years, sufficient for
eight hours of
monitoring or minimum
100 shocks

*

Accessories Disposable electrode
pads:

Adult Disposable
Electrode Pads - 2 nos.
and Paediatric
Disposable electrode
pads - 2 Nos. are to be
supplied for each unit
of AED. If the Buyer
demands, Seller shall

*

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/bF9DmZ0H5tQ-dkV_NXNSZulf2ZrZQHLQPEBpIeuo0SQ


 

supply total 4 nos. of
Disposable Electrode
Pads suitable for Adult
/Paediatric patients as
per the requirement of
the Buyer.

Certification &
Warranty

Warranty of AED: 5 years, [With provision
of free replacement of
Battery during
warranty period]

5 years, [With out
provision of free
replacement of Battery
during warranty
period], 5 years, [With
provision of free
replacement of Battery
during warranty period]
Or higher

Shelf life of Disposable
electrode pad:

Two Years (if unused) *

Operating Conditions &
Certification

Operating
Temperature:

0 degree to 50 degree
C

*

Operating Humidity: 12% to 90% RH, non
condensing

*

Operating Altitude: 100 to 15000 ft or
above

*

Certification - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dhirendra Pratap
Patel

262310,NHPC Limited.
Tanakpur Power Station,
Banbassa-262310

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category Automatic External Defibrillator (AED) 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees

                               3 / 4



 

with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and
maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

