












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/695570

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name Institute Of Liver And Biliary Sciences

Office Name Ilbs

Total Quantity 2

Item Category ICU Ventilator

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  13 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  108 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

CMC Required  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 54180

                             1 / 13



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Director, ILBS
Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences, D-1, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110070
(Director, Ilbs)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                             2 / 13



 

ICU Ventilator ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certifications for the
product

- *

Certification number
and date

- *

Confirmity to quality
management standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to electrical
safety standards

IEC 60601-1 or ISO
80601-2-12 or BIS
equivalent

*

Performance
Parameters

UMDNS Code 17-429 *

Scope of item Intensive care
ventilators are defined
as mechanical
ventilators that can be
configured to provide
invasive ventilation
(e.g., with an
endotracheal tube or
tracheostomy tube) or
noninvasive ventilation
(eg, with a face mask)

*

Clinical application Mechanical ventilators
are life support devices
that move gas (e.g., air
and/or oxygen) to and
from a patient's lungs.
These devices may
provide temporary or
permanent respiration
for patients who cannot
breathe on their own,
or who require
assistance maintaining
adequate ventilation

*

Patient Type Adult & pediatric Adult & pediatric

Type of technology Compressor Compressor

Tidal volume in ml 50 ml or less - 1500 ml
or more

50 ml or less - 1500 ml
or more

Respiration rate,
breaths/min

Up to 120 or more Up to 120 or more

Trigger mechanism Both pressure and flow Both pressure and flow

                             3 / 13

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/sIT35ADleiVZINiNipYqQRzyxOg9KOxSRt0jYAKUFK0


 

FiO2% 21-100 *

Inspiratory flow rate,
L/min

up to 150 or more up to 150 or more

Inspiratory pressure,
cm H2O

upto 80 or more upto 80 or more

IE ratio 1:10 to 4:1 1:10 to 4:1

Sigh breath function Yes Yes

PEEP/CPAP, cm H2O upto 40 or more *

Pressure support, cm
H2O

0-40 or more *

Leak compensation Yes *

Auto 100%/Increase O2
button

Yes *

Control panel lock Yes Yes

Facility for double
lung ventilation

No No

Patient Assessment
Tools

Maximum wave forms
displayed

3 (Pressure and time,
volume and time , flow
and time)

*

Number of loops 2 loops (P-V, F-V) with
facility of saving of 2
Loops for reference

2 loops (P-V, F-V) with
facility of saving of 2
Loops for reference

Maximum trending
time in hrs

≥24 hr *

Lung recruitment
tools (PV loops) /
OLT (Open lung
tools)

Yes Yes

Lung mechanics
visualization tool

Yes Yes

Capnography/CO2
monitoring

Yes Yes

Esophageal /
transpulmonary
pressure monitoring

No No

Stress index Yes Yes

Modes of ventilation Volume controlled,
Pressure Controlled,
Pressure Support, SIMV
with Pressure support
,SIMV with volume
control with pressure
support,
,CPAP/PEEP,Inverse
Ratio Ventilation,Non
invasisve
ventilation,Apnea /back

*

                             4 / 13



 

up ventilation,SIMV
(VC) with Pressure
support; SIMV (PC) with
Pressure Support; SIMV
(PRVC) with Pressure
Support

ASV(Adaptive
support ventilation)
or ALT

Yes Yes

APRV/Bivent/Bi level Yes Yes

MMV +PSV /ASV or
ALPV or Automode

Yes Yes

PRVC/Auto flow Yes Yes

High flow oxygen
therapy

No No

Automatic weaning
system provided

Yes Yes

Volume Support Yes Yes

Ventilation monitoring
facility

The Ventillator is a
Microprocessor
Controlled ventilator
with integrated facility
for Ventilation
monitoring

*

Monitored / Displayed
parameters

Peak inspiratory
pressure , Mean airway
pressure, PEEP
pressure, Tidal volume,
Minute volume,
Spontaneous minute
volume, FiO2 (analyzed
%), Respiratory rate ,
Inspiratory time,
Expiratory time, IE
ratio, Plateau Pressure

*

Availability of Status
indicator for Ventilator
mode, Battery life,
patient data, alarm
settings, clock etc on
display

Yes *

Patient alarms Low/high FiO2,
Low/high minute
volume , Low
inspiratory pressure ,
High pressure, Low
PEEP , High PEEP ,
Apnea, Continuous high
pressure/occlusion,
Inverse IE, High
respiratory rate,
Breathing circuit

*

                             5 / 13



 

disconnect

Equipment alarms Gas-supply failure ,
Power failure, Vent
inoperative, Low
battery, Self-diagnostic

*

Non-forced Slow
Vital Capacity

Yes Yes

Physiologic Dead
space

No No

RSBI Yes Yes

Imposed work of
Breathing ( WOBi)

Yes Yes

Expiratory Time
constant ( Tcexp)

Yes Yes

Compliance static
and dynamic

Yes Yes

Inspired and expired
resistance

Yes Yes

Occlusion pressure Yes Yes

Inspiratory and
expiratory hold

Yes Yes

Spontaneous
frequency

Yes Yes

Total peep, intrinsic
peep, extrinsic peep

Yes Yes

Expiratory block is
autoclavable and no
routine calibration
required

Yes Yes

Auto compensation
for ET Tube

Yes Yes

Facility for
automatic
compliance &
Leakage
compensation for
circuit available

Yes Yes

RS 232 out put port Yes Yes

USB/Memory card No No

Availability of Remote
alarm/display port

Yes *

Facility to Report (vent
alarms and patient
status)

Yes *

HLT Compliant out
put

No No

                             6 / 13



 

Type of coloured
display

TFT TFT

Display should be
touch screen

Yes Yes

NIV (Non Invasive
Ventilation) to be
possible in all modes
of ventilation
available

Yes Yes

Size of display (in
inches)

15 15

Graphic display have
automatic scaling
facility for waves

Yes Yes

Power supply 220-240 V , 50 Hz AC
single phase

*

Provision of UPS Yes Yes

Backup time in hrs 1 1

Internal backup battery Yes *

Backup time for
internal battery in mins

45 mins or more *

Built in air source Air compressor
(external)

Air compressor
(external)

Availability of stand
alone compressor

Yes Yes

Compressor
certification

European CE European CE

Compressor shall
provide an oil free
Medical air, with
Peak output flow
should be minimum
150 LPM and Air
quality complying
with ISO compressed
air purity class

Yes Yes

Medical Air Compressor
should automatically
activate in the event of
wall air supply loss and
replacement of internal
filters should be
performed without
removing the
compressor, have
washable air filter

Yes *

Seller shall ensure
compatibility of
compressor with

Yes Yes

                             7 / 13



 

ventilator

Inbuilt nebulizer
with particle size
less than 3 micron

Yes Yes

Comprehensive
Warranty in years

5 5

Additional Accessories Reusable silicon
breathing circuits for
Adult,pediatric and
Neonatal

2 each *

NV mask(Re
usable)-Small,medium
and large

2 Each *

Length of Power cord in
m

>3 m *

Type of flow sensor Reusable Reusable

No of reusable flow
sensor

2 no. *

No of disposable
flow sensor

NA NA

Autoclavable
exhalation
valve/expiratory
cassette / filter

2 *

Humidifier: Servo
controlled with
digital monitoring of
inspired gas
temperature with
heating wire

1 1

Trolley for ventilator
with circuit holding arm

Yes *

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Number of installations
in Central /State/PSU
Govt Hospitals ( Hint:
Seller should supply a
performance certificate
of the device to the
buyer incase
demanded after
placement of order)

>3 *

OEM/Reseller (if
supplied by reseller
shall ensure
uninterrupted
availability of all spares
for 10 years)

Yes *

Availability of toll free
facility for technical
support maintened by

Yes *

                             8 / 13



 

OEM or authorized
agencies

During the warranty
period it shall be
ensured that all the
break down calls are
attended with in 24 hrs
and the complete
details of service
agents / contact details
should be furnished to
buyer and consignee at
time of supplies

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Details of equipments
and procedures
required for local
calibration and routine
maintenance to be
supplied and advanced
maintenance task
documentation also to
be furnished

Yes *

List of important spares
and accessories, with
their part numbers and
price lists to be
supplied to the buyer
at the time of supplying
the equipment

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment and training
to be provided after
completing supplies
before acceptance

Yes *

The Principal
Manufacturer must
have direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

Copies of reports and
certifications to be
furnished to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                             9 / 13



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 RAKESH KUMAR
MAURYA

110070,D1 Vasant Kunj 2  60

Special terms and conditions for category ICU Ventilator 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and

                            10 / 13



 

maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

                            11 / 13



 

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): As per bid document.

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

Additional Clause For Comprehensive Maintenance Charges 

  1.CMC shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as per technical/ service
/operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares, after satisfactory completion
of Warranty. During the CMC period commencing from date of the successful completion of
warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site as recommended in the
manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six months. CMC shall not be
including the consumables. Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during CMC period on 24
(hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend CMC period by double the downtime
period.

  2.CMC charges to be indicated as percentage of cost of equipment quoted for each year after the
warranty period.

  3.GST shall be included in the CMC Charges quoted.

  4.Cost of CMC will be added for Ranking/Evaluation purpose with depreciation formula. A 10%
discounting rate per year shall be applied on CMC Charges for price evaluation on present value.

  5.The payment of CMC will be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period,
duly certified by end user.

  6.While creating a bid or RA buyers shall indicate whether CMC is required against Yes/No options.
If CMC Charges are included an option for number of years for CMC required after the warranty
period shall be available. Under this options up to 5 years can be chosen for CMC charges beyond
warranty period.

  7.The CMC functionality shall be available in bid only and no direct RA shall be applicable. In case
of bid to RA decrement rules shall be applicable on total price inclusive of CMC charges. Bunching of
products shall not be available while creating bids with CMC charges.

  7.1. Buyer shall indicate number of years of warranty by selecting option of 2 or 5 available in the
field depending on warranty parameter applicable in category parameters for the equipment. The
Seller while participating in Bid/RA will get fields to indicate CMC charges as percentage depending
on number of years of CMC selected by Buyer. The following shall be applicable If 5 year CMC
selected  

                            12 / 13



 

CMC charges for first year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated- A 1
CMC charges for second year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A2
CMC charges for third year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A3
CMC charges for fourth year after warranty period – Fixed amount to be indicated A4
CMC charges for 5th year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A5

7.2. The calculation of CMC Charges shall take in to account of number of years of warranty and
duration of CMC as specified while creating bid.

  7.3. In the price evaluation, the system shall provide function to calculate the cost of each
equipment by formula indicated below including CMC and then show the inter-se- ranking of the
bidders. The following are the variables.

  (i) Number of years for which CMC required.
  (ii) Number of years of warranty. The formula for calculating total cost including CMC charges shall
be :

  Total cost for evaluation= C+ C*( A1/100) /(1.10n) + A2/100/(1.10n+1)+ A3/100/(1.10n+2)+
A4/100/(1.10n+3) + A5/100/(1.10n+4)
  C – Cost for equipment quoted and n shall be number of years of warranty specified
  If 2 year warranty specified n shall be 2 and if 5 year specified n shall be 5.

  A1,A2 A3 A4 A5 shall depend on how many years CMC selected If 3 year means only A1,A2 and A3
factor to be not taken in to account and A4 and A5 will not be applicable

  7.4. CMC charges to be indicated for each subsequent year should be same or higher than
preceding year.

  7.5. The CMC charges shall be offered within range of 3 to 10% of cost of equipment.

  8. Since CMC charges are to be paid only later for each year during CMC period , applicable
performance guarantee amount after placement of contract shall be based on the cost of equipment
and not on basis of cost of equipment along with CMC Charges.

  9. Performance bank guarantee applicable for CMC is to be submitted at start of the CMC and shall
be applicable 5% as specified in bid on the total contract value including CMC Charges The PBG
submitted  after award of contract shall be released only after new PBG for the CMC period is
submitted and accepted by buyer/consignee after due verification. Bank guarantee for CMC is to
remain valid till completion of CMC period plus one year .The bank guarantee for CMC shall be
submitted to buyer directly.

  10. In case of splitting of quantity equipment cost and CMC charges offered by L-1 in the evaluated
cost shall be matched by higher quoting eligible bidders on one to one basis .The equipment cost
shall be matched and CMC charges shall be matched year to year.

  11. The CMC Contract shall be an offline contract to be handled by buyer. The payment of CMC will
be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by end user
and scope of CMC will be as per para 1 above.

  12. The above terms and conditions shall be part of the bid as well as part of the contract. 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            13 / 13

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

