












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715128
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And Employees Of Urban
Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Nagar Palika Parishad Baraut

Total Quantity 25

Item Category tricycle or rickshaw

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  14 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 15250

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 1

                               1 / 5



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
SI
NAGAR PALIKA PARISHAD BARAUT, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities - eServices to
citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Sushil Kumar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Tricycle Or Rickshaw ( 25 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Parameters Manufacturer Drawing No. - *

Generic Parameters Driving Mechanism Pedestal Chain Pedestal Chain

Length of Tricycle (mm) 2000 2000.0

Length of Cart (mm) 1500 1500

Width of Cart (mm) 1000 1000

Height of Cart (mm) 300 300

Number of Plastic
Containers with lid and
handle (Nos)

8 8

Capacity of the each
Container (Litres)

40 40.0

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/YDm2JE6JeLnyCCDYHOdV9zZq4F8A_Mv1LPBHwff7cnk


 

Material of the Container
and Lid

Virgin Polypropylene Virgin Polypropylene

Material of Handle of
container

- *

Loading Capacity of the
Tricycle (Kg)

- *

Constructional Parameters Frame Structure Made of MS Tubes Made of MS Tubes

Diameter of MS Tube
(mm)

28.6 28.6

Thickness of MS Tube
(mm)

1.63 1.63

Cart Frame Material MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

Material of Bottom Plate
of Cart

Mild steel plate Mild steel plate

Thickness of Bottom
Plate of Cart (mm)

0.7 0.7

Holes in Bottom Plate of
Cart

Having 12 mm diameter
holes at a distance of 200
mm square Matrix

*

Lengthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

3 *

Widthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

1 *

Stiffener Material M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

Finish of Handle Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Chain Wheel Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Crank Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Front Rim Thickness (mm) 700 *

Number of Front Wheel
(Nos)

1 *

Type of Front Wheel Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Front Rim Diameter (mm) 700 *

Front Rim Width (mm) 38 *

Number of Spikes in Rear
Wheel (Nos)

16 *

Diameter of Spike of
Front Wheel (mm)

3.2 3.2

Number of Rear Wheels
(Nos)

2 2

Type of Rear Wheels Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Rear Rim Diameter (mm) 400 400.0

Rear Rim Width (mm) 38 38.0

Rear Rim Thickness (mm) 38 *

                               3 / 5



 

Number of Spikes in Front
Wheel (Nos)

16 *

Thickness of Spike of
Rear Wheel (mm)

3.2 3.2

Daimeter/ Width of Spike in
Rear Wheel (mm)

3.2 *

Support Details of Rear
Wheels

- *

Minimum Wall thickness
of the Plastic Container
and Lid (mm)

4 4.0

Maximum Ash content of
the container and Lid
when tested as per
Annex D of IS
14887/2014 (%)

1 1

Pretreatment Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Colour of the Frame - *

Paint Powder Coating Powder Coating

Colour of the Cart - *

Manufacturer 's Name
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Year of Manufacturing
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Finish of Rim Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Colour of the Container and
Lid

- *

Accessories Parameters Bell Yes *

Two Reflectors at back Yes *

Type of Reflector Plastic *

Lock for locking the Tricycle Yes *

Tool Kit Yes *

First Aid Box Yes *

Tricycle Seat with Cover Yes *

Hangers for broom and
wiper

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sushil Kumar 250611,Opposite, Gandhi Road,
Baraut, Uttar Pradesh 250611

25  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5



 

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can
form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

11.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
13.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

