












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710851

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Heavy Industries And Public Enterprises

Department Name Department Of Heavy Industry

Organisation Name Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (bhel)

Office Name 10020009-cffp Haridwar

Total Quantity 4000

Item Category Air Hoses

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594788975.pdf

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1787000/1594788975.pdf


 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Air Hoses ( 4000 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Types Types of Rubber Air
Hose (as per IS
446-1987 Latest)

Rubber Air Hoses Type
2 (Working Pressure of
1.0 Mpa)

Rubber Air Hoses Type
2 (Working Pressure of
1.0 Mpa)

Specification Conformity to Indian
Standard (as per IS
446-1987 Latest)

Yes *

ISI Marked Yes Yes

CMC No (Hint - if ISI
Marked)

8447082 *

Construction and
Material

Reinforcement
Material

Synthetic Fiber Synthetic Fiber

Finish Type Fabric Marked Fabric Marked

Dimension Nominal Bore Size
(mm)

12.50 12.50

Length of the
Pipe(meter)

50 50

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/lPXHAFCsODFiMFYN0o6DdRjZIldZgGRtP9erLa7-eJA


 

Marking Marking as per IS
Standard

Yes *

Buyer Logo on
Demand

No Yes, No

Marking on every 1
meter

Yes Yes

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NAB/IAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report No 110811980 *

Test Report Date 4122008 *

Name of the ab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pramod Kumar
Mishra

249403,Central Foundry
Forge Plant, BHEL, Ranipur,
Haridwar

4000  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

                               3 / 4



 

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

