












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/693651

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Department Of Home

Organisation Name Directorate Of Forensic Science Services (dfss)

Office Name Bhopal

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Polygraph System (Forensic Lie Detector)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  46 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 57500

                             1 / 12



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 3

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIRECTOR
Bhopal, Department of Home, Directorate of Forensic Science Services (DFSS), Ministry of Home
Affairs
(Dr M Baskar)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Polygraph System (Forensic Lie Detector) ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                             2 / 12



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

APPLICATION /
DESCRIPTION

Application To measure, display
and records several
physiological indicators
such as blood pressure,
pulse, respiration, and
skin conductivity in real
time and customizable
question template

*

Description Polygraph System
consisting of Data
Acquisition System,
Various Probes/Sensors
such as Cardio Pump
and Gauge Assembly
with adjustable Blood
pressure cuffs; Pneumo
Chest Assembly;
Electro Dermal
Response Sensor;
Plethysmograph (PPG
Clip) Sensor; Activity
Sensors etc.,
complimented by
Polygraph Software
with a range of
analytical and time
saving features, along
with necessary cables /
connectors and
required drivers for
integrating the entire
polygraph system with
a PC / laptop (Supply of
PC / Laptop Not
included in the scope of
supply)

*

DATA ACQUISITION
SYSTEM

No of Channels for
simultaneous
recording

10 10 Or higher

Transfer Rate per
channel (Sample /
Second)

350 or more *

Resolution (Analog
to Digital
Conversion)

32 32 Or higher

"Connectivity (Select
only applicable
Parameters)"

USB *

                             3 / 12

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/XAhI3kjR76n2cjX1e2h5k-NAtnTJn5a0X5nz5wZ4upA


 

Power Supply Through USB *

PROBES / SENSORS "No of Pneumo Chest
Assembly sets
supplied (inclusive in
the scope of supply)
(each set consists of
Thoracic &
Abdominal
assembly) "

2 2

Type of Electro Dermal
Response sensor

Reusable Galvanic Skin
Response Sensor
Electrode

*

"No of Electro
Dermal Response
Sensor sets supplied
(inclusive in the
scope of supply)
(each set consists of
2 Sensor
electrodes)"

2 2

No of Cardio Pump
and Gauge Assembly
(Sphygmamanomete
r) supplied (inclusive
in the scope of
supply)

1 1

No of Adjustable
Blood pressure cuffs
supplied (inclusive in
the scope of supply)

1 Cuff (Adult Size-
Medium)

1 Cuff (Adult Size-
Medium)

Type of
Plethysmograph Sensor

PPG finger Clip *

No of PPG Clips
supplied (inclusive in
the scope of supply)

1 1

Activity / Movement
monitoring Sensors
supplied (inclusive in
the scope of supply)

Seat Pad, Arm Pad and
Foot Pad Sensors

*

POLYGRAPH SOFTWARE Type of Licence of
Polygraph Software

Perpetual License with
free updates during
warranty period

Perpetual License with
free updates during
warranty period

Scoring Type Computerized
measurements; Object
Scoring System (OSS)
Algorithms; Emperical
Scoring System (ESS)
Algorithms;
Plethysmograph (PLE)
vasomotor
measurements; Chart
Stacker for global

Computerized
measurements; Object
Scoring System (OSS)
Algorithms; Emperical
Scoring System (ESS)
Algorithms;
Plethysmograph (PLE)
vasomotor
measurements; Chart
Stacker for global

                             4 / 12



 

scoring; Relative
Response Magnitude
graphs; Pulse
Amplitude graphs;
Pharmaceutical dug
reference library;
Respiration (Thoracic &
Abdominal Respiration)
measurements;
Measurement of Blood
pressure & Blood
Volume Changes;
Galvanic Reflex
measurements at the
Finger Tips;
Customizable report
templates:

scoring; Relative
Response Magnitude
graphs; Pulse
Amplitude graphs;
Pharmaceutical dug
reference library;
Respiration (Thoracic &
Abdominal Respiration)
measurements;
Measurement of Blood
pressure & Blood
Volume Changes;
Galvanic Reflex
measurements at the
Finger Tips;
Customizable report
templates:, Manual
Only (1) Or higher

"Software Features
(Select only
applicable
Parameters)"

Computerized
measurements,Object
Scoring System (OSS)
Algorithms,Emperical
Scoring System (ESS) A
lgorithms,Plethysmogra
ph (PLE) vasomotor
measurements,Chart
Stacker for global
scoring,Relative
Response Magnitude
graphs,Pulse Amplitude
graphs,Pharmaceutical
dug reference
library,Respiration
(Thoracic & Abdominal
Respiration) measurem
ents,Measurement of
Blood pressure & Blood
Volume
Changes,Customizable
report templates:

Computerized
measurements, Object
Scoring System (OSS)
Algorithms, Emperical
Scoring System (ESS)
Algorithms,
Plethysmograph (PLE)
vasomotor
measurements, Chart
Stacker for global
scoring, Relative
Response Magnitude
graphs, Pulse
Amplitude graphs,
Pharmaceutical dug
reference library,
Respiration (Thoracic &
Abdominal Respiration)
measurements,
Measurement of Blood
pressure & Blood
Volume Changes,
Customizable report
templates:

Software supplied
through

Media *

Integration of Software
with the Personal
Computer / Laptop
(Supply of PC / Laptop
Not included in the
scope of supply)

Inclusive in the scope
of supply

*

SALIENT FEATURES "Salient Features
(Select only
applicable
Parameters)"

Customizable question
Template,Real Time
Recording with Event
Marker,Adjustable
Question Timing

Customizable question
Template, Real Time
Recording with Event
Marker, Adjustable
Question Timing

                             5 / 12



 

Facility Facility

Minimum requirements
of the sytem
hardware/Software for
satisfactory operation
of Polygraph system
(PC / Laptop is not
included in the scope of
supply)

"Supported
Operating System
Software Version
(Not included in the
scope of supply)"

Windows 10, 64-bit Windows 10, 64-bit

"Minimum required
System memory -RAM
(Not included in the
scope of supply)"

3 GB *

" Hard Drive capacity
(minimum) (Not
included in the scope of
supply)"

80 GB *

"Processor requirement
(Not included in the
scope of supply)"

Core i3 or higher *

"Processor Speed
(minimum) (Not
included in the scope of
supply)"

1.5 GHz or better *

Graphics Card
requirement (Not
included in the scope of
supply)

128 MB of VRAM or
better, DirectX9 - 32-bit
or better

*

"Minimum Number of
USB ports required (Not
included in the scope of
supply)"

3 *

"DVD-RW drive
required for uploading
Software (Not included
in the scope of supply)"

Yes *

"External web cameras
/ IP Cameras required
for vedio recording "

Yes *

"Digital Sound Card
required for multimedia
capabilities (Not
included in the scope of
supply)"

Yes *

"External Microphone
required for recording
high quality audio (Not
included in the scope of
supply)"

Yes *

ACCESSORIES Compatible
Fingerprint Scanner
inclusive in the
scope of supply

Yes Yes

                             6 / 12



 

Supply of suitable
Adjustable arm
subject's Chair for
Polgraph test
inclusive in the
scope of supply

Yes Yes

Type Chair for
Polgraph test

Adjustable arm
subject's Chair with
folding mechanism
(portable)

Adjustable arm
subject's Chair with
folding mechanism
(portable)

Carrying case for
Polygraph System

Yes Yes

Material of carrying
case supplied

Leatherite Leatherite

"Other Accessories
inclusieve in the scope
of supply (Select only
applicable
Parameters)"

Web Camera *

Mode of supply of
Instruction Manual

Soft Copy *

GENERIC Supply of necessary
cables / connectors and
required drivers for
integrating the entire
polygraph system with
a PC / laptop

Inclusive in the scope
of supply

*

Installation, Integration,
Demonstration and
Training

Inclusive in the scope
of supply

*

OPERATING
CONDITIONS

Minimum Operating
Temperature

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

50 *

Maximum Operating
humidity (Non-
Condensing)

80 *

WARRANTY / SUPPORT
/ SERVICES

Warranty on Data
Acquisition System

3 3.0

Warranty on Probes /
Sensors

2 2.0

No of days Training
Provided

3 3.0

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                             7 / 12



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Tilak Raj 462030,CENTRAL FORENSIC
SCIENCE LABORATORY
BARKHERA BONDER P.O.
BAIRAGARH KALAN NEAR
DR.SHANKAR DAYAL
SHARMA COLLEGE OF
NURSING

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

2.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

5.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

                             8 / 12

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf


 

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

11. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

12.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

13.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

14.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

15.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

16.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

17.SLBR52
18.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before

                             9 / 12



 

dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

19.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

20.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

21.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

22.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

23.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.

                            10 / 12



 

Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.
Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC

S.no Cost of
Fresh

Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)

                            11 / 12



 

 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

24.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

25.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

26.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of DIRECTOR CFSL BHOPAL
payable at BHOPAL.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            12 / 12

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

