












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711271

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital Rohini

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Real Time PCR Machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  14 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 29600

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Director principal
Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Medical College, Rohini, Delhi
(Director Principal)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Real Time PCR Machine ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 6



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for product - *

Certification number
and date

- *

Conformity to
Manufacturing
Standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Conformity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-1 or BIS
equivalent

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose PCR is a laboratory
technique used to
amplify segments of
DNA via the
Polymerase Chain
Reaction

*

Compatibility of
Reagent

Open *

Capacity of Blocks 96 well, 96 x 0.2 ml 96 well, 96 x 0.2 ml

Number of channels 6 *

Maximum Heating
Ramp rate in degree
cycle per second (ᵒ C/s)

4 *

Maximum Cooling
Ramp rate in degree
cycle per second (ᵒ C/s)

3 *

Adjustable
heating/cooling Ramp
Rate

Yes *

Operating Temperature
range ᵒC

25 *

Gradient Range in ᵒC 24 *

Hot Lid Temperature 30-110ᵒC *

Sample volume range
in micro litre

25 *

Maximum Number of
Programmable Steps

40 *

Maximum Number of
Programmable Cycles

upto 100 *

Number of USB ports 2 *

Pause/Start function Yes *

Input supply Single phase (230 V, 50
Hz)

*

Input voltage in watts 600 W *

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/3GuipD_O3v6x-rTP_1VRuM9m8BFzOw4aT8ae9xMLhII


 

Auto restart after
power outages

Yes *

Boot up time Not more than 1 min *

Data Management
System Parameters

Compatible to be used
with PC

Yes *

Operating system Windows 10 *

PC monitor type LCD *

PC monitor size in
inches

15 or more *

PC hard disk More than 500 GB *

Providing Online UPS
with 1 Hr backup

Yes *

Reports Comprehensive
Warranty in years

2 2

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Installation,
Demonstration and
training to be provided
at consignee end

Yes *

The Principal
Manufacturer Must
Have Direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vipul Pandey 110085,DR. BABA SAHEB
AMBEDKAR MEDICAL
COLLEGE, GOVT. OF NCT OF
DELHI, SECTOR-06, ROHINI,
DELHI-110085

1  15

                               4 / 6



 

Special terms and conditions for category Real Time PCR Machine 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and
maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 6



 

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

7.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

8.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of 2 (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance
Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC
Performance Security for 2% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months (if
there is no other claim).

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

