












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/677402

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Neyveli Uttar Pradesh Power Limited

Organisation Name Neyveli Uttar Pradesh Power Limited

Office Name Nuppl

Total Quantity 1

Item Category buses

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 26
(a). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 

                               1 / 8



 

NEYVELI UTTAR PRADESH POWER Limited
Ghatampur Thermal Power Project Administrative Office, Near Lahurimau – Kasimpur Village
Ghatampur Thesil, Samuhi P.O. – 208 001 Kanpur Nagar Dist., Uttar Pradesh
(Neyveli Uttar Pradesh Power Limited)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Buses ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Seating
Capacity (Nos.)

40 40.0 - 60.0 Or higher

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI *

Colour of the Vehicle - *

Vehicle Colour Type Solid Solid

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)

8.49 8.49 - 50.0 Or higher

Top Speed (Kmph) 80 *

Acceleration
(0-100KmPH) (sec)

18.1 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
(Degree)

- *

Air Conditioning Without Without

Engine BHP@rpm
(Hp@rpm)

- 140hp3200rpm

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Atwk9ZcFobPLQXi-H0md7BlTsb-0iXGZoXgSgljmQ98


 

Engine Torque
Max@rpm (N-
m@rpm)

- 400nm1200-2500rpm

No. of Cylinder in
Engine (Nos.)

4 More than 4.0 Or
higher

Type of Vehicle Body Chassis Frame Chassis Frame

No. of Doors (Nos.) 1 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs.)

160 *

Length of Vehicle
Body (mm)

9584 More than 9584.0 Or
higher

Width of Vehicle
Body (mm)

2164 More than 2164.0 Or
higher

Height of Vehicle
Body (mm)

2960 More than 2960.0 Or
higher

Ground Clearance
(mm)

202 More than 202.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base (mm) 5240 More than 5240.0 Or
higher

Boot Space
Availability

No No

Boot Space (if Yes)
(Ltrs.)

0 *

Kerb Weight (Kg) 6480 6480.0

Gross Vehicle Weight
(Kg)

9800 *

Size Of Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Wheel (mm) - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

No. of Speed/
Forward Gears
(Nos.)

6 More than 6.0 Or
higher

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel Drive (Rear
Wheel)

Two Wheel Drive (Rear
Wheel)

Drive Axle Rear Rear

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius (mm) 9700 Less than 9700.0 Or
lower

Vehicle Brake ABS
Fitted

Yes Yes

Front Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Vehicle Air Intake TurboCharged TurboCharged

                               3 / 8



 

System

Speed Governor with
valid certification

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Battery Warranty
(Month)

12 More than 12.0 Or
higher

Warranty Time
(Month)

24 More than 24.0 Or
higher

Unlimited Warranty
Distance (Km)during
warranty period

yes yes

Warranty Distance
(Km) If not Unlimited
during warranty period

0 *

No. Of Free Service 5 *

Transportation
Charges including
transient insurance
and temporary
registration (Rs/Km)

- 20

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- aaon0390

Conformity to GSR
287(E)

Yes Yes

Constructional
Parameters

Body Specification - *

Hat type tube diameter 0 *

Hat type tube
diameter/or other
frame( thickness)

1.6 *

Base Frame Structure
ISMC/ for Monocoque

yes *

Exterior Panel
thickness of side body
and roof/ for
Monocoque

1 *

Interior Panel thickness
of side body and roof/
for Monocoque

0.55 *

Flooring Made Out from
ISI Marked 12 mm thick
BWR grade plywood
covered with
vinyle/Aluminium sheet

Yes *

Seating Plan Yes *

Doors Yes *

Glasses Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

Top portion of fixed
glass window & bottom
portion in two halves in
sliding pattern

Yes *

Passenger
Compartment - Roof
light

Yes *

Over Head Storage
cabinet/Railing,

Yes *

Hand Rail,Hanging
Hook,

Yes *

Day and Night View
Mirror

No *

Fire Extingusher Yes *

BIS marked
Pneumatic Tyres and
tubes for both front
and rear

Yes Yes

Driver Airbag No *

Exhaust Fan No *

Central Locking No *

First Aid Box, Swiveling
Fan, etc

Yes *

Other fitments:-
Electric bell and Siren

No *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sameer Tigga 208001,OFFICE: Ghatampur
Thermal Power Project Site
Office, Near Lahurimau –
Kasimpur Village Ghatampur
Thesil, Samuhi P.O. – 208
001 Kanpur Nagar Dist.,
Uttar Pradesh. (About 70
Kms from Kanpur City) https
://goo.gl/maps/uLd5EJnhhMQ
2

1  90

Special terms and conditions for category buses 

                               5 / 8



 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.

                               6 / 8



 

Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

4.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of NEYVELI UTTAR PRADESH POWER LIMITED payable at kanpur. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

5.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name Neyveli Uttar Pradesh Power Limited Account No. 
33780367147 IFSC Code SBIN0011607 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address Panki
Branch, Kanpur. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in
the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned
copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of
contract.

6.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

                               7 / 8



 

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

