












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714030
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Manipur

Department Name Municipal Administration, Housing & Urban Development
(mahud)

Organisation Name Department Of Municipal Administration, Housing & Urban
Development (mahud)

Office Name Secretariat

Total Quantity 340

Item Category Waste containers and accessories - Domestic

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 24480

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 36

                               1 / 5



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
OSD
Office of the Imphal Smart City, PDA Complex, North AOC, Imphal - 795001, Manipur
(K Japheth)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Waste Containers And Accessories - Domestic ( 340 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Utility (Waste container for) Domestic *

Material HDPE HDPE, LDPE, LLDPE,
Corrosion free sheet metal,
Stainless steel, Stainless
Steel (with inner Plastic
lining / bin), Polypropylene

Bin capacity (in Litres) 60 *

Container shall be supply
with Lid

Hindged Swing type, Foot Pedal
Operated, Hindged,
Removable

Wheel Dimension in (mm)
(Diameter x Thickness )
(mm x mm) - Must declare

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ZMUV7kYytNc2fKXMVSLQ5ubekPaZRY3lvPcjb7xxMkk


 

"Weight of Dustbin
(Complete unit) (in Grams) -
Must be declare"

- *

Color of the container Green Green, Blue, Other than
Green/Blue, NA for
Metal/Steel

Wheel Lock No Yes, No

Load carrying Capacity
(Kgs) - Must be declare

- *

Wall Non- Perforated Non- Perforated, Perforated

Handle Without With, Without

Wheel Without With, Without

Wheel material - Must
declare

- *

Towage Provision No Yes, No

Gripping provision Frontal Frontal, Ventral, Both
Frontal and Central

Plugged Outlet for
Washing and Draining

Without With, Without

No. of compartments in
the Bin

Twin Bin Single Bin, Twin Bin

Dust Bin Stand With stand With stand, Without stand

UV Resistant Yes Yes, No

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity of the
specification

Yes *

Test report number - Must
declare

- *

Report date - Must declare - *

Name of lab - Must declare - *

Address of lab - Must
declare

- *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish by
the supplier to the
buyer/consignee on demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 K Japheth 795001,PDA Complex, North AOC,
Imphal West, Manipur

340  30

                               3 / 5



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer

before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 10 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and has at least 3 years
residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-life by the OEM before this period.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

5.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

6.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

7.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

8.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

9.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

10.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Imphal Smart City Ltd payable
at Imphal.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Imphal Smart City Ltd payable at Imphal.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in Beneficiary name 
Imphal Smart City Ltd Account No. 50200025197804 IFSC Code HDFC0001999 Bank Name HDFC BANK Branch
address Tampha Ebema Building, Gandhi Avenue, Imphal - 795001, Manipur.

                               4 / 5



 

 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line
transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer along with bid.

14.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online through RTGS / internet
banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-line payment shall be in Beneficiary name 
Imphal Smart City ltd Account No. 50200025197804 IFSC Code HDFC0001999 Bank Name HDFC Branch address 
Tampha Ebema Building, Gandhi Avenue, Imphal - 795001, Manipur. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract
number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to
upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

15.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

16.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
17.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
18.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
19.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM shall have to provide

Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period as per contract. : The comprehensive
warranty shall be covering the following scope Full replacement of any defects in the item for the period of three
years from the date of delivery (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if
Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be
uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

20.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

21.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

