












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708737

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 2500000

Item Category surgical isolation or surgical masks

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  97 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  97 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 585000

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 2

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director
Block No. 14 ,Dr. Jivraj Mehta Bhavan,Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) ,
Sector-10 B, Gandhinagar-382010
(Dr. Suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Surgical Isolation Or Surgical Masks ( 2500000 pieces )

                               2 / 5



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Conformity to EN
14863

Yes Yes

Fabric material non woven fabrics *

GSM of the Fabric
(G/m2)

35 35.0 - 80.0 Or higher

Pleated Construction of
Mask

To provide adujstable
and leakproof fitting

*

No of Layers or Plies
of Fabric

3 3

Bacterial filteration
efficiency (BFE)(%)

>=99 >=99

Splash resistant Yes Yes

Breathing resistance
(mm of H2O/ cm2)

<=5(Splash Resistant) <=5(Splash Resistant)

Securing Loops Elastic Elastic

Adjustable Flexible
nose clip

With With

Colour Blue *

DIMENSION Length 17 *

Width 9 *

CERTIFICATION Submission of Test
Report to the buyer on
demand from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of products
to the specification

Yes *

Certification ISO *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/UymMcAdcFeksYkKqgKlD9kpHnrbIDSRrDCkX8T1noSg


 

1 Katariya Mehul
Babubhai

382330,Plot No. 68-69,
G.I.D.C, Naroda Phase - 2,
Central Workshop, Naroda
Depot, Naroda, Dist.-
Ahmedabad.

1000000  10

2 Santosh
Ramchandra
Pawar

395001,GMSCL – Ware
House, Near Civil Hospital
Campus, Majura Gate, Surat.

500000  10

3 Prajapati Darshan
Pravinbhai

390019,GMSCL – Ware
House,Behind Ansuya
Leprosy Hospital, Azwa road,
Vadodara.

500000  10

4 Ranpara Pratik
Sureshbhai

360001,GMSCL – Ware
House,Morbi Road, Near
Railway Fatak, Rajkot

500000  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Managing
Director, Gujarat Medical Service Corporation Limited payable at Gandhinagar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

                               4 / 5



 

8.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited Account
No. 32638352973 IFSC Code SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India  Branch address 
NSC Branch, Gandhinagar.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

