












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/695060

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name School Education Department Jammu And Kashmir

Organisation Name Jammu & Kashmir State Board Of School Education

Office Name Jammu

Total Quantity 180000

Item Category Art / craft paper

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  150 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1200 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

Estimated Bid Value  30000000

                               1 / 6



 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank ICICI

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 600000

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Secretary
Jammu, School Education Department Jammu and Kashmir, Jammu & Kashmir State Board of School
Education ,
(Riyaz Ahmad)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 6



 

Art / Craft Paper ( 180000 kilogram )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Specification Conforming to IS 4658 :
Latest

*

Whether ISI Marked ? No *

CM/L Number and Date
If ISI Marked (hint:
write NA if ISI mark is
not available)

- *

Test Report Details Avaliability of Test
report fron Govt/ NABL
/ ILAC Laboratory to
prove conforming to
specification

Yes *

Test Report to be
submitted to the buyer
on demand

- *

Type and Coating Type of Coated Art
paper / Board

Art Card Art Card

Coating on sheet On both side On both side

Type of finish gloss fnish gloss fnish, matt finish

Dimension and GSM Length of paper
sheet, in mm

900 *

Width of paper
sheet,in mm

610 *

Width of paper on
reel,in mm

NA *

Grammage, in g/m2 220 220

Eco Mark Whether eco
marked?

Yes Yes, No

Product specific
requirement, for eco
marked product

NA *

Characteristics Packing of paper in sheets in sheets

Number of sheets in
a ream in case of
sheet

250 100, 125, 250, 500, NA

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/tlKaJMjCRfiokUIDiYaJ25-eNBH7mMMGJcw2RCWgirM


 

Weight Min Net Weight of
Paper (without weight
of wrapping paper) in
Kg as Accounting Unit
as per relevant clause
of IS:4658 : Latest(hint:
Write NA in case of
Reels)

- *

Max Net weight
(without weight of core
pipe and plugs,
wrapping/packing
paper)as per relevant
clause of IS:4658 :
Latest in Kg as
accounting unit(hint:
Write NA in case of
Sheets)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manager 110028,CWC, Kirti Nagar
New Delhi.

50000  30

2 JKBOSE Rep. 201103, Tronica City
Ghaziabad

10000  30

3 JKBOSE Rep. 201009,Greater Noida 50000  30

4 JKBOSE Rep. 110039,Bawana 10000  30

5 JKBOSE Rep. 110020,Okhla 50000  30

6 JKBOSE Rep. 201005,Sahibabad 10000  30

                               4 / 6



 

Special terms and conditions for category Art / craft paper 

1.Subject to provisions of Public Procurement (preference to 'Make in India'),order 2017
notified vide Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion ,Ministry of Commerce and
Industry order dated 31st July,2018, the following types of Paper, Paper Board and Newsprint
where sufficient domestic manufacturing capacity and local competition is available,
minimum local content is specified as below:i) Type of Paper - Art PaperRelevant BIS
Standard - IS 4658:1998Minimum Local Content (%) - 70ii) Type of Paper - Art cardRelevant
BIS Standard - IS 4658:1998Minimum Local Content (%) - 70,The minimum local content
shall be reckoned with reference to ex-factory price (pre-GST) on which the manufacturer
has paid GST.,The Public Procurement of paper for office supplies and printing of textbooks
should be certified to be manufactured in India by paper mill that does not import more than
25% of its total raw material consumed.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
6.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

7.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

8.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause

                               5 / 6



 

has been selected in ATC): Any Agency nominated by JKBOSE
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Any Agency
nominated by JKBOSE

9.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Riyaz
Ahmad, Secretary JK BOSE payable at J&K Bank.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

14.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Riyaz Ahmad, Secretary JKBOSE A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify
on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the
pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after
making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering
letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

15.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Riyaz Ahmad, Secretary JKBOSE payable at J&K Bank. After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

