












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706791

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Ftr Hq Bsf Kashmir

Total Quantity 16796

Item Category boot ankle textile jungle boot direct moulded pu sole
in pairs

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  42 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  336 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 DGQA

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594451645.pdf

                               1 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1782555/1594451645.pdf


 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 168968

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Inspector General
Ftr HQ BSF Kashmir, Humhama, Post & Distt - Budgam, (J&K) – 190007.
(Inspector General Ftr Hq Bsf Kashmir)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of

                               2 / 8



 

bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Boot Ankle Textile Jungle Boot Direct Moulded Pu Sole In Pairs ( 16796
pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

specification Governing Specification Conforming to FDDI
(FOOTWEAR DESIGN &
DEVELOPMENT
INSTITUTE, A - 10 / A,
Sector-24, NOIDA)
Specification No.
FDDI/SPEC/Jungle
Boot/08:2014
(Revised), approved by
MHA vide their letter N
o-U.II-98(Spec)/2012-13
-Prov dated
08/12/2014, and as per
following technical
requirements

*

SIZE Size Assorted sizes (5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 & 12) as
per buyer's
requirements

Assorted sizes (5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 & 12) as
per buyer's
requirements

COLOUR Colour Olive Green Olive Green

Colour of Sole and Toe
Cap

Black ( For all other
Boots)

*

MATERIALS Upper Material Upper shell consist of
Polyester viscose
fabric,Water Repellent
as an outer layer and
100 % non-woven
Nylon (cambrille type)
lining as an inner layer.
The two fabrics shall be
adhered together with
flexible adhesive and
polyurethane foam of 5
mm thickness.

*

Blend Composition of
polyester viscose fabric
water repellent

Polyester-80% Viscose-
Remainder

*

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/VlyOF1maeQiOpxvVEI2_HIqW5dtRiutkVLVqllfUe-s


 

Binding material of
Polyester blended
fabric, black having
blend composition of
Polyester-67%,
Cotton-33% &
confirming to
IS:15852-2009 for
colour fastness to
light,washing & pH
value

YES *

Insocks Covered with cambrille
type non woven
material black

*

Thermoplastic Toe Puff
and Counter Stiffner
Thickness when
extacted from boot
shall be 1.7 mm to 1.9
mm

YES *

Full Chrome Leather for
Toe Cap and Arch piece
confirming to IS
5677-1986 for Heat
resistance, Colour
fastness to rubbing
crocking, Solvent
extractable substances,
water soluble matters,
Chromium contents &
pH value of water
soluble

YES *

Thickness of Full
Chrome Leather for Toe
Cap and Arch Piece
shall be 1.2 mm to 1.8
mm

YES *

Length of Nylon Laces
(cm)

160 *

Width of Laces (mm) 6 *

Breaking Load of Laces
( 20 cm between grips )
(Test Method- IS: 1969)

750 *

Mass per 10 pairs of
Laces (g)

125 *

Dye Fastness to
Washing for Laces shall
be above 4 (Test
Method- IS/ ISO
105-C10: 2006) (Test
Condition as per
table-2, Test Number-

YES *

                               4 / 8



 

C(3))

Dye Fastness to Light
(Test Method- IS: 2454)
for Laces shall be
above 4.

YES *

pH Value of aqueous
extract shall be 6.5 to
8.5 for Laces

YES *

Sewing threads Polyester Sewing
thread confirming to IS
9543-1980 (Variety No-
7)

*

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Mass per pair for Size-8
shall be 750 to 850
gms (with increase or
decrease of 50 grams
for each bigger and
smaller size
respectively)

YES *

Leg height for Size-8
shall be 160 mm (with
increase or decrease of
2 mm for each bigger
and smaller size
respectively)

Yes *

SOLE Sole Direct Moulded
Polyurethane

*

Minimum thickness of
sole (mm)

4 *

Cleat height (mm) 2.5 *

Thickness of sole when
measured at forepart
from outside with side
wall (mm)

20 *

Thickness of sole when
measured at waist from
outside with side wall
(mm)

16 *

Thickness of sole when
measured at heel from
outside with side wall
(mm)

35 *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

YES YES

                               5 / 8



 

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bhanwar Singh
Rajpurohit

190007,FTR HQ BSF
KASHMIR NEAR NEW
AIRPORT HUMHAMA
SRINAGAR PIN 190007

16796  90

Special terms and conditions for category boot ankle textile jungle boot direct moulded
pu sole in pairs 

1.After award of contract, when specified in the Bid, Seller shall have to get
Advance\nSample(s) approved by the Buyer before starting Bulk Supplies. The Seller shall
submit the\nAdvance Sample(s) within 7 days from the date of placement of the order. The
buyer shall\napprove or otherwise the Advance Sample(s) within 7 days from the date of
receipt of the\nAdvance Sample(s).

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders

                               6 / 8



 

accordingly.
3.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the

following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Agency is FDDI and Inspection charges shall be borne by the
supplier.
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: NOT REQUIRED 

4.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): LAB TEST REPORT REQUIRED
TO SUBMIT FOR CONFORMITY OF PRODUCT SPECIFICATION AND NOT OLDER THAN ONE
YEAR FROM BID PUBLISHING DATE..

10.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

11.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               7 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

http://www.tcpdf.org

