












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710483

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Department Of Home

Organisation Name New Delhi Municipal Council, Ndmc

Office Name Subordinate Office

Total Quantity 28

Item Category Fire Hoses with Delivery Coupling ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 4



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Fire Hoses With Delivery Coupling ( 28 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make mitras

Model npfh-ty-2-63mm

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Fire Hose with Delivery
Coupling

ISI Marked Hose
adequately binded at
both ends with lSI
marked Male and
Female Coupling

*

Conformity to Indian
Standard for Hoses

IS:636 latest (for Non
Percolating Flexible Fire
Hose)-Type- A

*

Type of Fire Hose Type A *

Nominal Internal
Diameter of Fire Hose

63 *

Elastomeric
Coating/Covering

Yes *

Male and Female
Delivery Coupling

Yes, IS 903 latest *

Size of Delivery 63 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/gzCHcmgo1UwxglWq1s-At_cn4ZkEFtpbCPeM33vD49Y


 

Coupling

CONSTRUCTIONAL Length of Each Fire
Hose

15 *

Material of Delivery
Coupling

Stainless Steel as
clause 5.2.6 of IS 903
latest(designation
04Cr17Ni12M02 of IS
6529 )

*

Mass/Metres of Fire
Hose without coupling
(max)

11.6 *

Total mass of Fire Hose
with Delivery Coupling
at both ends (max)

14.62 *

Protection against
mildew, fungus &
contact with oils

Polyester jacketed with
special rubber lined
internally and
externally coated with
red synthetic
elastomeric for
protection against
mildew, fungus &
contact with oils. The
hose shall be of heat
and abrasion resistant.

*

Burst Pressure (in
Kg/sq cm)

38 *

Binding with Delivery
Coupling

Binding of Delivery
Coupling with hose
after riveting and
providing good quality
canvas paddings (10
cm width) with 16 SWG
copper wire.

*

Packing in coil (as
Accounting Unit)

1 *

CERTIFICATION CM/L No and validity
date for ISI Marked
Hose as per IS 636

2925264 09/10/2020 *

CM/L No and validity
date for ISI Marked
Delivery Coupling as
per IS 903

9927913 15/04/2020 *

Availability of Type
Test Report of
complete unit for
declared parameters
from any ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central Govt
Lab

Yes *

Test Report No 00000053 *

                               3 / 4



 

Test Report Date 30.05.2019 *

Name and address of
the Lab where test
Conducted

FTRL, New Delhi *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ashish Vitthalrao
Thakare

440001,NDRF ACADEMY,
NAGPUR CIVIL LINES TEMPLE
ROAD, IN FRONT OF LABOUR
COURT

28  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

3. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from

the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

