












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/691505

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Esic Hospital Kk Nagar, Chennai - 78

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Non Refrigerated Centrifuge for General Purpose and
research

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  150000

EMD Detail

Required No

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Non Refrigerated Centrifuge For General Purpose And Research ( 1 pieces
)

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
standards

- *

Certificate number and
date

- *

Performance
Parameters

Purpose To Centrifuge different
kinds of samples in
different Labs and
research Labs at room
Temperature

*

Centrifuge design Bench Top Bench Top

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/sCdGNsrhGTEPt4bDmHmy98Scn1Bo4Rs0XtXsuUu304g


 

Weight including Rotor
in kgs

14 *

Maximum RPM with no
load

20000 *

"Number of steps of
RPM Variation available
in the settings
(correspondingly RCF
also varies) "

100 *

RPM setting accuracy plus minus 5% *

Type of Motor Brushless(without
carbons)

Brushless(without
carbons)

Type of lid lock Both Manual and
Electronic

*

Maximum Noise level
when working at 1
meter distance in db

56 *

Ambient operating
Temperature range in
Degree centigrade
Celsius and Humidity
Range

0 to 50 and Relative
humidity 15 to 90%

*

Rotor imbalance
diagnostics and
automatic stop if
required

Yes *

No of accelaration and
decelarion profiles in
built for rotor speed
while automatic
braking

"Programmable from
50 to 200 Seconds in
Interval of 5 Seconds"

*

Maximum timer set
point

60 minutes *

Parameters to be
displayed by the digital
display

RPM,RCF,Set time,Run
time,Rotor running
indication ,imbalancing
if any

*

Display Type LCD *

Speed controller Microprocessor
controlled pre
programmed speed
controller which can
control RPM as well as
RCF

*

Configuration of
Rotor supplied with
centrifuge machine

Angle rotor Angle rotor

Rotor Feature With
Reference to

Autoclavable Rotor
@121 Degree Celsus

*

                               3 / 8



 

Autoclavability

Type of Tubes which
can be used with
centrifuge machine

Polypropylene
Centrifuge tubes and
Glass centrifuge tubes

*

Size of rotor
supplied with
centrifuge

"24x1.5ml(for angle
rotor) RPM 16000"

"24x1.5ml(for angle
rotor) RPM 16000"

Maximum RCF 21300 *

Power supply 230 Volts 50 Hz AC ±
10%

*

Power consumption in
watts

290 *

Length of the
Centrifuge in mm

350 *

Width of the Centrifuge
in mm

240 *

Height of of the
Centrifuge in mm

220 *

Length of Power cord in
meters

3 *

Accessories Spanner to tight or
loose Nut of Rotor on
Motor shaft head
puller,spare rotor nuts
,fuse-2, Instruction
Manual Book
,installation CD

*

Warranty period in
years

1 1

Material Parameters Assembly Material for
manufacture of
Centrifuge

Die cast Aluminum,
Aluminum sheet,
Stainless Steel, CRC
Steel,Plastic and
Rubber

*

"Lid Material of
Centrifuge "

CRC Steel finish with
powder coating or
stove painting or ABS
Plastic of injection
moulding

*

Body material of
Centrifuge

C.R.C Steel Finish with
Powder Coating/ Stove
Painting

*

Front Panel of
centrifuge

CRC Steel finish with
powder coating or
stove painting or ABS
Plastic of injection
moulding

*

Centrifuge Bowl
material in Centrifuge

304 Quality Stainless
Steel Moulded

*

                               4 / 8



 

Material of Rotor Aluminium *

Additional Parameters Auto cut off Yes *

Timer provided Yes *

The Equipment shall
be installed and
demonstrated before
Acceptance

Yes Yes

Servo Controller
Voltage Stabilizer
supplied with Item

No No

Servo stabilizer
ratings in KVA

Not Supplied Not Supplied

Warranty of
stabilizer in years

Not supplied Not supplied

Reports Certifications of
Manufacturer

ISO 9001:2015 *

ISO certificate date and
number

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 R Smita Rani 600078,ESIC HOSPITAL
ASHOK PILLAR ROAD KK
NAGAR CHENNAI

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders

                               5 / 8



 

accordingly.
4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting

the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

15.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the

                               6 / 8



 

Buyer.
16.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for

supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

17.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

18.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

19.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

20.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

21.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

22.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 3 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Quarterly after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of Service and maintenance of the entire equipment and
replacement of spares (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 10% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).

23.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope Entire
equipment including accessories (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance

                               7 / 8



 

by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this
compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

24.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

25.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

26.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of ESIC fund Account number 1 payable at Chennai. After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

