












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/680989

  Dated: 04-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Steel

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Kolkata

Total Quantity 10

Item Category Television TV

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 6



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Television TV ( 10 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Type LED Backlit LCD LED Backlit LCD, OLED

Screen Size (Inches) 32 32, 39, 40, 42, 43, 47,
49, 50, 52, 55, 60, 65,
70, 75, 77, 80, 82, 85,
86, 90, 95, 98, 100 Or
higher

Resolution (Pixels) (1366 x 768) HD Ready (1366 x 768) HD
Ready, (1920 x 1080)
Full HD, (3840x2160)
UHD Or higher

Category Basic Basic, Smart Or higher

Operating System in
case of Smart TV

Tizen *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/JIYheEi_83Y7FHtdusCNrxn0h_SHPg7j6RDPfbb2zJU


 

Static contrast Ratio 3000 : 1 *

Typical Brightness 200 - 299 100 - 199, 200 - 299,
300 - 399, 400 - 500 Or
higher

Screen Mirroring No *

Mount Type Both table and wall
mount

*

Inbuilt Speakers Yes *

If Yes, Wattage of
Speakers

5W x 2 5W x 2, 8W x 2, 10W x
2, 12W x 2, 20W x 2 Or
higher

Sub Woofers No *

Power Consumption
(Watts)

60 *

Ports & Connectivity Number of HDMI Ports 2 *

Number of USB Ports 1 *

Number of VGA Ports 1 *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

0 *

Built-in Wi-fi No *

Wi-fi Direct No *

Input Composite Input Yes *

Component Input No *

RF Input Yes *

Accessories Built-in set-top Box No *

Details of accessories
(included in the scope
of supply)

Remote
Control,Connecting
Cable,Batteries

*

Certification BIS Registration as per
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number

- *

Energy Star Rating
in line with the
Government of Indiia
Notification number
S O 1896(E) and S O
1897(E)

3 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, NA Or
higher

Generic Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

- *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

- *

                               3 / 6



 

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

- *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

- *

Dimensions (Length x
Breadth x Depth) (mm
x mm x mm )

- *

Weight (Kg) - *

Warranty Warranty(Years) 4 3, 4, 5
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Lakshmi Kanth
Bhandari

833213,GUA ORE MINES,
GUA

10  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised
Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.

                               4 / 6



 

Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being
and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his
premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .
The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

6.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

                               5 / 6



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

