












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697216

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 29341

Item Category shirting angola

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  400 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  60 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 NITRA

Quality Assurance Plan document 1593776995.pdf

Estimated Bid Value  11736400

                               1 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1772010/1593776995.pdf


 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 234728

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIG GC MZR
Office of The DIGP, GC CRPF, Jhaphan, Muzaffarpur, Bihar-842004
(Sanjeeva Roy)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 60% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed

                               2 / 7



 

Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Shirting Angola ( 29341 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Conformity to
Standard

Cloth Angola Shirting
Conforming to
QR/specification for
Cloth Shirt Angola
prepared by North India
Textile Reasrch
Association, Sector 23,
Raj Nagar, Ghaziabad
and approved by MHA
vide letter No- U-II-25/2
011-12-Prov-(CoBRA)
dated 11-2-2013

Cloth Angola Shirting
Conforming to
QR/specification for
Cloth Shirt Angola
prepared by North India
Textile Reasrch
Association, Sector 23,
Raj Nagar, Ghaziabad
and approved by MHA
vide letter No- U-II-25/2
011-12-Prov-(CoBRA)
dated 11-2-2013

CERTIFICATION BIS marking ( for
Angola Shirting as per
IS specification )

Not applicable ( for
Angola shirting as per
MHA and Defence
specn )

*

CML No ( for Angola
Shirting as per IS
specification )

- *

Wool Marking Wool Blend Mark ( For
MHA specification and
IS, Type-I )

*

Wool Marking
Registration No, Date
and Validity

- *

DIMENSIONS Length ( Min ) 40 mtrs *

Width excluding
selvedge ( Min ) ( cm
)

150 ( for MHA specn ) 150 ( for MHA specn )

Short length pieces
above 10 Mtrs are
acceptable to the
extent of 5% of the
total Quantity

Yes *

COLOUR Colour/Shade Olive-Khakhi ( for MHA Olive-Khakhi ( for MHA

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/iGnk6tysCwI7xJd3L9pWRYYNtZtkBFouAH_iZnMapW4


 

specn) specn)

Method of Dyeing Top Dyeing *

MATERIAL Blend Composition in
percentage

Wool -35 percentage
Polyster-65 percentage
( for MHA)

Wool -35 percentage
Polyster-65 percentage
( for MHA)

Fineness Grade of Wool
Tops

64s *

MASS Mass (g/m²) 265(as per MHA Specn) 265(as per MHA Specn)

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Weave 2/2 Twill *

Moth Proofing (
Preservative
treatment )

Yes Yes

Width of selvedge
(exclusive of width of
cloth) should be of 10
mm ( min ) on each
side and it should be
firm, both Selvedges of
the Cloth shall be
woven with the Name /
Trade Mark of the firm
throughout the length
using suitable yarn,
The same shall be
clearly visible even
after dyeing/
processing/ finishing

Yes *

Logo to be woven on
the selvedge

- *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of

Yes Yes

                               4 / 7



 

supply
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sanjeeva Roy 842004,Group Centre, CRPF,
Jhaphan, Muzaffarpur, P.O-
Uma Nagar, Bihar, Pin-
842004

2229  90

2 Anil Minz 803303,Group Centre, CRPF,
Mokamaghat, PO-
Mokamaghat, Distt- Patna,
Bihar, Pin- 803303

2950  90

3 Daljit Singh Lakha 228159,GC, CRPF, Trishundi,
Amethi, U.P. Pin- 228159

1118  90

4 Jiyau Singh 226002,GC CRPF Lucknow,
UP-226002

10152  90

5 Kewal Singh 492001,Group Centre CRPF
Raipur Govind Appartment
Jeevan Bihar Colony
Talibandha Raipur
CG-492001

56  90

6 Akhilesh Prasad
Singh N

834004,DIG GC, CRPF,
Ranchi, At-Sembo, P.O-
Dhurwa, Ranchi, Jharkhand-
834004

3813  90

7 Vinay Kumar
Singh

713214,GC CRPF,
AMRABATI, DURGAPUR

1612  90

8 Sumer Singh
Shekhawat

474001,Group Center CRPF,
Gwalior, A.B. Road,
Nayagaon, Panihaar,
Gwalior, M.P, Pin- 474001

1241  90

9 Sham Chand 244901,GROUP CENTRE,
CRPF, GC CRPF, Rampur
(UP)-244901

2845  90

10 Jagdish Narayan 190015,Group Centre CRPF, 3325  90

                               5 / 7



 

Meena Rambagh Sriagar, J&K Pin-
190015

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of DIGP GC
CRPF Muzaffarpur payable at State Bank of India, SKMCH Branch.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of DIGP GC CRPF Muzaffarpur payable at State Bank of India, SKMCH Branch . After
award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and
has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award
of contract.

4.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

5.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 15 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 15 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

                               6 / 7



 

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): NITRA LAb test report.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

