












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704692

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Technical Education And Man Power Planning
Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name Directorate Of Technical Education Government Of
Madhya Pradesh Bhopal

Office Name Indira Gandhi Engineering College Sagar Mp

Total Quantity 120

Item Category Class Room Desking / Seating

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  17 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Class Room Desking / Seating ( 120 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC TYPE OF DESKING ONLY TABLE / DESK
WITH SHELF / STORAGE
UNDER DESK

ONLY TABLE / DESK
WITH SHELF / STORAGE
UNDER DESK

Desking
Configuration

SINGLE SEATER SINGLE SEATER

Length of Desking,
Seating and
Backrest (if
provided) in mm
(±10 mm)

900 900

DESK / BENCH
SPECIFICATIONS

Material of Desk Top
+/- 2 mm (For shelf /

18 mm thick pre-
laminated twin board of

18 mm thick pre-
laminated twin board of

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/G5zk1sZabhD1VAwqcse4byJ36K9Z1kFWFliodnX6fZI


 

storage +/- 4 mm) exterior grade and
storage shelf of 0.6 mm
thick MS sheet with
duly epoxy polyester
powder coated min 40 -
45 microns thickness.

exterior grade and
storage shelf of 0.6 mm
thick MS sheet with
duly epoxy polyester
powder coated min 40 -
45 microns thickness.

Material of Support
Structure or Side
Pannel

25.4 mm X 1.2 mm
thick round ERW tubes
- 31.8 mm X 1.2 mm
thick round ERW tubes
and 28.6 mm X 1.2 mm
thick round ERW tubes
( As per IS : 7138/
Latest ) welded
together and hooks of
2 mm thick MS sheet
with duly epoxy
polyester powder
coated min 40 - 45
microns thickness

25.4 mm X 1.2 mm
thick round ERW tubes
- 31.8 mm X 1.2 mm
thick round ERW tubes
and 28.6 mm X 1.2 mm
thick round ERW tubes
( As per IS : 7138/
Latest ) welded
together and hooks of
2 mm thick MS sheet
with duly epoxy
polyester powder
coated min 40 - 45
microns thickness

Height of Desk Top
in mm (±5 mm)

750 750

Width of Desk Top in
mm (± 5 mm)

450 450

SEATING
SPECIFICATION

Material of Seat and
Backrest (if
provided) (+/- 2 mm
(For back rest +/- 4
mm)

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

Material of Support
Structure

supports ( 4 Nos. )
provided at the rear
back and
understructure of seat
made of 50.8 mm X
25.4 mm X 1.2 mm
thick rectangular ERW
tubes ( As per IS : 7138
/ Latest ) with duly
epoxy polyester
powder coated min 40 -
45 microns thickness

supports ( 4 Nos. )
provided at the rear
back and
understructure of seat
made of 50.8 mm X
25.4 mm X 1.2 mm
thick rectangular ERW
tubes ( As per IS : 7138
/ Latest ) with duly
epoxy polyester
powder coated min 40 -
45 microns thickness

Material of Seat
Cushion

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

Width of Seating in
mm (±10 mm)

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

Height of Seat in mm
(±10 mm)

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

ONLY DESK NO
SEATING

Width of backrest if
provided in mm (± 5
mm)

No Backrest No Backrest

Back Support for
Seating of Same

back support not
provided

back support not
provided

                               3 / 6



 

materail as Seating

MISC DESIGN AS PER DGS&D
drawing No DQA/GE/RC
-208/Schedule 19 (DRG
1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10)

Can be configured as
per buyer's choice
within offered technical
details

*

Colour of finish As per buyer's choice *

Desk top finishing Two long sides to be
post form half round
profile and other two
sides edge banded with
CP Teak Wood Lipping

*

Distance between
Tabletop edge and Seat
edge in mm (+/- 5 mm)

NA *

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years

2 2

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

GeM/DGsnd Drawing
document

View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajendra Prasad 470021,BAHERIYA GADGAD,
JABALPUR ROAD, SAGAR
(M.P.) 470021

120  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders

                               4 / 6

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_furn_clas_gene_cl23325325/51/16/877/CategorySchema/gem_dgsnd_drawing_document/2018/11/19/dwg-integrated_2018-11-19-16-20-08_9c0459e83eed24ec38425b68703357aa.pdf


 

accordingly.
4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have

regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
12.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from

buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.

                               5 / 6

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf


 

b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

