












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713740
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Transport Department Delhi

Organisation Name Online Vehicle Registration Details - Delhi Transport Department

Office Name Head Quarter

Total Quantity 300000

Item Category Single Use Rubber Examination Gloves

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 50850

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 2

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 

                               1 / 3



 

Commissioner Transport
Head Quarter, Transport Department Delhi, Online Vehicle Registration Details - Delhi Transport Department,
(Manisha Saxena)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

Single Use Rubber Examination Gloves ( 300000 pairs )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

STANDARD Conformity to Indian
Standard

IS:15354 Latest *

GENERAL Sterility Non Sterile Non Sterile

Powder Free YES *

DIMENSIONS Size (Palm Width in mm) Medium ( 95 mm) Medium ( 95 mm)

MATERIAL Material Compounded Natural Compounded Natural

PACKING Packing for Golves As per manufacturer's
choice for Non-sterilized
Gloves

Individual Packing for
Sterilized Gloves, As per
manufacturer's choice for
Non-sterilized Gloves

Multi Units in one Packet
(Number)

100 50, 100

MARKING ISI Marked Yes Yes

BIS Licence No (CM/L No) - *

REPORTS Submission of Test Report
on Form 39 or from Central
Govt./State Govt/NABL/IL AC
accredited Lab covering all
the Declared Parameters as
per IS Specification at the
time of supply

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jfWUrpH8SM3KEGQcbPCRkVXqa5zZ8x2W0VhEq3DT2Rs


 

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vikrant Mahalwal 110054,5 by 9 Under Hill Road 300000  5

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Provisions for workmen compensation, insurance, public liability, property damage, insurance etc. to be ensured

by the contractor. Also, safety measures prescribed for working in Extra High Voltage & use of personnel
protective equipment must be adhered to.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

