












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709614

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Consumer Affairs Food And Public
Distribution

Department Name Department Of Food And Public Distribution

Organisation Name Central Warehousing Corporation (cwc)

Office Name Corporate Office

Total Quantity 2000

Item Category Malathion 50% EC

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

                               1 / 5



 

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Malathion 50% EC ( 2000 container(s) )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conforming to
IS:2567(Latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI marked Yes *

CM/L Number for ISI
certification mark
(write NA if not
applicable)

- *

Availability of Valid CIB
registration certificate
with the OEM

Yes *

Availability of Valid
Manufacturing License
with OEM

Yes *

Packing Packing Material Mild steel container
suitably and properly
lacquered from inside

*

Packing approved by Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/aIBvaWcCr267jka9d3Vnxw4nxUWMo02ERPMFdq83zgg


 

CIB

packing size of
container(in litre)

1 0.1, 0.25, 0.5, 1

Labeling Labelling As approved by CIB *

Literature/ leaflet
regarding use of
pesticides as per
insecticides rule with
every pack

Yes *

Additional marking on
the container

Government Supply *

Registration "The product and
respective technical
grade must be
registered with Central
Insecticide Board (CIB)
"

YES *

Shelf Life Date of manufacturing
of the agrochemical
shall be not more than
3 months before the
date of delivery

Yes *

Shelf life As per certificate
issued by CIB

*

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report to be
submitted to the Buyer
on Demand

Yes *

Agree to provide all
documents along with
bid and on demand to
the buyer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anit Yadav 302005,A-25, Sidharth 2000  15

                               3 / 5



 

House, Tilak Marg, C ,
Scheme, Opp. Udyog
Bhawan

Special terms and conditions for category Malathion 50% EC 

1.1. The seller shall upload/furnish the following documents along with their bid : a)
Registration certificate issued by Directorate of Plant Protection, Quarantine and
Storage (CIB) b) Valid manufacturing license issued by the authorized government agency.2.
The seller shall lift and replace the lot at his own cost, if the samples from the received lot at
consignee end fail during testing. Lot will be accepted on being found in conformity during
testing.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Lab test report or principal
certificate.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 01
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

                               4 / 5



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

