












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711994

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Jansi

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Cattle Catcher Vehicle

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  32 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1750000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 35000

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
BUYER
Nagar Palika Parishad Jalaun Division Jhansi, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, N/A,
(Chandan Singh)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Cattle Catcher Vehicle ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 6



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT

Yes *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Form 22 A - For
compliance with
pollution standards,
safety standards of
components and road
worthiness as per
CMVR Rules

Yes *

Registration To Local
RTO (Regional
Transport
Office)/RTA(Regional
Transport Authority) By
Seller

Yes *

Availability of test
reports for all critical
components from the
manufacturer or OEM
of Hydraulic system etc
shall be from any ILAC
/NABL accredited /
Central Govt Lab To be
furnished to buyers on
demand

Yes *

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine
Capacity (cc)

3300 *

Make and Model of
Vehicle Chassis

- *

Pay Load Capacity
(Tonne Load)

4.8 4.8 - 50.0 Or higher

Type of chassis for
Vehicle

Medium Vehicle Motor(
maximum mass
exceeding 3.5 tonnes
but not exceeding 12
tonnes)

Medium Vehicle Motor(
maximum mass
exceeding 3.5 tonnes
but not exceeding 12
tonnes)

Chassis with Built up
Cabin

Yes *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Max Engine BHP 123 More than 123.0 Or
higher

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Kbj8NwAzNItm_3tXYoGlDR9Qd8KllSOHZ5RkdT-xLV0


 

Rated RPM at Max
Engine BHP

2600 More than 2600.0 Or
higher

Max Engine Torque
N-m

390 More than 390.0 Or
higher

Rated RPM at max
Engine Torque

2200 More than 2200.0 Or
higher

Braking Distance (m) 1.25 *

Gradeability of
Vehicle (%)

36.2 More than 36.2 Or
higher

Engine Aspiration
System

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

120 More than 120.0 Or
higher

Ground Clearance
(mm)

193 More than 193.0 Or
higher

Floor Area (sq. mm) 3300000 3300000

Wheel Base (mm) 3400 3400.0

Kerb Weight (Kg) 3250 More than 3250.0 Or
higher

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

7490 More than 7490.0 Or
higher

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Radial

Drive Axle Rear *

No of Axle (Nos) 2 *

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears

5 *

Type of Steering Power Operated Power Operated

Turning Radius (mm) 6750 More than 6750.0 Or
higher

Type of Front Brakes Drum *

Type of Rear Brakes Drum *

Constructional
Parameters

Type of Cabin Fixed *

Overall Length (mm) 6215 *

Overall Width (mm) 2155 *

Overall Height (Cabin)
(mm)

2390 *

Type and Location of
Shock Absorbers

- *

Size Of BIS marked
Front Tyre with Ply
Rating

- *

Size of BIS marked
Rear Tyre with Ply

7.50-16,16PR 7.50-1616pr

                               4 / 6



 

Rating

Chain 5.5 *

Material and
thickness of Flooring-
Mild Steel sheet

3.5 More than 3.5 Or
higher

Thickness of chequer
sheet on floor

3.5 *

Hydraulic Ram rear end
loading and unloading

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Km/Ltr)

6.9 6.9

Warranty Distance
(Km)

100000 100000.0

Warranty Time
(Months)

24 24.0

No of Free Service
(Nos)

4 4, 5, 6, 7 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Chandan Singh 285123,NAGAR PALIKA
PARISAD JALAUN

1  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as

                               5 / 6



 

indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of EXECUTIVE
OFFICER NAGAR PALIKA PARISAD JALAUN payable at JALAUN.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

