












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713642
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Tripura

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Tripura

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Directorate Of Health Services, Agartala

Total Quantity 31000

Item Category Disposable Syringes

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 4



 

meet this criterion.

Disposable Syringes ( 31000 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance Parameters Type of Syringe Sterile hypodermic syringe
for single use with needle

Sterile hypodermic syringe
for single use with needle

Design,material,minimu
m safety
requirements,tolerance
and capacity of Syringes
confirming to Indian
Standard

IS 10258(Part -3):2010
latest for Autodisable
syringes for fixed dose
immunization

IS 10258(Part -3):2010
latest for Autodisable
syringes for fixed dose
immunization

Nominal capacity of
Syringe(ml)

20 20

BIS Marking No Yes, No

BIS Licence No (if BIS
Marked if not indicate NA)

- *

Design,material,minimu
m safety
requirements,tolerance
and capacity of Needles
confirming to Indian
Standard

IS 10654:2002 latest for
sterile hypodermic needles
for single use

IS 10654:2002 latest for
sterile hypodermic needles
for single use

Sterile Yes *

No of users Single(Disposable) *

Syringe type based on
Number of pieces

2 piece 2 piece

Shelf life (Year(s)) 5 *

DIMENSIONAL & MATERIAL
PARAMETERS

Material of Barrel Polypropylene Polypropylene

Material of Plunger Polypropylene Polypropylene

Material of gasket (For 3
piece)

Rubber Rubber

Material of Needle Tube
(As per ISO 9626)

Stainless Steel Stainless Steel

PACKING Packing as per specification
and provision of Drug &
cosmetic act.

Yes *

All supplies shall have a
remaining self life of at least
Five -Sixth (5/6rd) of the
stipulated shelf life at the
time of delivery

Yes *

Type of packing Ribbon Packing *

Recalling of Product Yes *

Certification and Reports Availability of valid drug
licence

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/eP89KW2l4TApX5zwItIc5ti-9r1aagj_fXWTAQR1ogI


 

Drug License no & Date of
manufacturers and incase of
resller, Drug License no &
Date (for sale) of Authorized
reseller also to be indicated

- *

Manufacturer or the seller
must not be under
conviction in terms of
provision of drug and
cosmetic act

Yes *

Availablitiy of latest non
conviction certificate issued
by concerned Drug
authorities

Yes *

Availability of Certificate for
Manufacturing such as GMP
under revised Schedule-`M'
of Drugs & Cosmetics Act
1940 Or WHO-GMP or COPP
for imports

Yes *

Details of above Mentioned
Certificate such as Type of
certificate, Number , date
and validity

- *

Availability of any other
certification such as
CE/FDA/CSA/PQS / ISOetc…

No *

Details of above Mentioned
Certificate such as Type of
certificate, Number , date
and validity if Yes Otherwise
put NA

- *

Copies of batch in house
Test report to be forwarded
with each supply

Yes *

Copies of certificates to be
provided to buyer on
demand at the time of
supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SAMARPITA DUTTA 799006,Kunjaban, Agartala 31000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into

                               3 / 4



 

account for this criteria.
2.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
3.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

9.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

10.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in Bids less than 200
Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020):
Preference shall be given to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal
Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted
in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the
local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

