












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706463

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name South Eastern Coalfields Limited

Office Name Secl Bilaspur Cg

Total Quantity 300

Item Category safety boots or industrial gum boots-PVC

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  510000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank AXIS BANK LTD

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 10200

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only

                               1 / 5



 

manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Chief Manager (MM)
Secl Bilaspur Cg, Materials Management, South Eastern Coalfields Limited, Ministry of Coal Account
Name: South Eastern Coalfields Limited Bank: AXIS Bank Limited, Branch: Rama Trade Centre, Opp
Rajiv Plaza, Bilaspur -495001, A/C no: 164010200000569, Swift Code: AXISINBB139,
IFSCUTIB0000164
(Indu Bhushan Karna)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Safety Boots Or Industrial Gum Boots-PVC ( 300 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jn7dLxLeAyLLvLYgp-I-X23L1z4V-m1-6W9rynWYkoE


 

(Allowed Values)

Specification Governing Specification Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 12254
(Latest)

*

Certificate ISI Marked No Yes, No

CML No. (If ISI Marked) - *

Material Material PVC *

Relative density of the
material (Max)

1.25 *

Knitted Fabric lining Without Without

Steel Toe Cap
Confirming to Type 2
of IS 5852:1992)

With With

SIZE Boot Size 8 8, Assorted Sizes (5, 6,
7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 ) as
per buyers
requirements

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Compliance to cold
flex requirement as
per clause 5.13 of IS
12254 Latest

Yes Yes

STYLE AND END USER End User Men Men

Boot Style Ankle Ankle

Leg Height of Boot
(mm)

200 *

No. of Eyelets at each
face ( in case of Ankle
Boot)

- *

Colour Colour Black *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes, No

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide Yes Yes

                               3 / 5



 

Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Indu Bhushan
Karna

495452,SECL DIPKA AREA 300  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

2.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

