












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699702

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 16-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 16-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Rural Development And Panchayat Raj Department
Maharashtra

Organisation Name Zilla Pariashad Jalna

Office Name Zilla Parishad Jalna

Total Quantity 1115

Item Category Non electric Potable water purification system gravity
or inline based

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Stage-wise Inspection

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594033015.pdf

                               1 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1774740/1594033015.pdf


 

Estimated Bid Value  5000000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 100000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
ZILLA PARISHAD JALNA, Rural Development and Panchayat Raj Department Maharashtra, ZILLA
PARIASHAD JALNA,
(Sangita Dattatray Londhe)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have

                               2 / 8



 

supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Non Electric Potable Water Purification System Gravity Or Inline Based (
1115 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for the
product

NA NA

Certification number
and date

- *

Manufacturers Quality
System Certifications

ISO 9001:2015 *

Performance
Parameters

Maximum Input
Water TDS allowed
to the system

200 200

Input Water Supply Gravity Gravity

Type of main
filtering capacity

Ceramic Filter Ceramic Filter

Number of
purification stages

1 1

Type of filteration
available (hint: Type
of filterations
available with the
product may be
choosen with multi
select option)

Ceramic balls Ceramic balls

Arsenic filtration
feature

No No

Flouride filtration
feature

No No

Chloride filteration
feature

No No

Iron filteration
feature

No No

Recovery at 27 25-35 25-35

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/dLifwMTNOU6uax6gcNjuP8UI1o3USJHRMHdT0IGBfH4


 

degree Centigrade

Output Water
Conforming standard

W.H.O - 3 Star W.H.O - 3 Star

Filteration Capacity
in liter/ hour(With
tolerance of +/- 10%)

2 2

Ultra Filtration (UF)
Capacity with
tolerance ± 5% in
micron

0.01 0.01

Maximum Input
Storage Capacity - in
Litres

6-10 Litres 6-10 Litres

Output Storage
Capacity - in Litres

6-10 Litres 6-10 Litres

Minimum Size of
Filtering Particles in
Nano
Meters(Sediment
filters) with
tolerance ± 5%

20 20

Number of inbuilt
input storage tank

1 1

Number of inbuilt
output storage tank

1 1

Built in Cleaning
Method of Filter

Manual system Manual system

Installation Type Table top Table top

Filtration life of
Membrane/Cartridge
in litres

<3000 <3000

Provision of
additional Micron
filter

No No

No of additional micron
filter supplied

1 *

Filter body material (all
material in contact with
water)

Food Grade material *

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Warranty in years
including
replacement of
filters

1 1

Availabilty of type
test Test REPORT for
Filtering Size of
Particles

No No

TYPE Test certificate No - *

                               4 / 8



 

and date for Filtering
Size of Particles

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Filtering Size of
Particles

- *

Availability of Test
certificate for
Membrane/Cartridge
Life

No No

Test certificate No and
date for
Membrane/Cartridge
Life

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Membrane/Cartridge
Life:

- *

Test certificate for
material saftey from
Govt/NABL/ILAC Lab

No No

Certificate No and date
for Material Safety

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Material Safety:

- *

Availability of Test
Report from World
Health Organization
on Microbial Efficacy

No No

WHO certification no
and date

- *

Availability of Test
Report on Microbial
Efficacy from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab

No No

Test certificate No and
date for Microbial
Efficacy

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Microbial Efficacy:

- *

Demonstartion and
installation at
consignee end

No No

Copies of certifications Yes *

                               5 / 8



 

and reports to be given
to buyer on demand

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sangita Dattatray
Londhe

431213,ZILLA PARISHAD
JALNA,OPPOSIT DISTRICT
COURT

1115  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 2 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

6.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

7.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

8.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

9.The Buyer has an existing set up / inventory of similar products. The offered / supplied

                               6 / 8



 

product must be compatible with existing system. The bidder has to ensure Compatibility of
the supplied items or shall have to include in the supply the necessary hardware / software
to make them compatible at no extra cost to the buyer. The details of items with which
compatibility is required are as under: ALL TECHNICAL PARTS AND QUALITY OF OUTPUT
WATER

10.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per
normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: ALL INSTALLATION AT SITE.

11.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

12.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

13.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

14.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

15.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

16.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or

                               7 / 8



 

service.
17.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
18. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
19.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
20.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

21.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): NABL LAB TEST REPORT FOR
TECHNICAL PARAMETER OF WATER FILTER WITH TEST REPORT OF WATER OUTPUT FROM BIS
ACCREDATED LABORATORY.

22.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

23.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

