












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699008

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Youth Affairs And Sports

Department Name Department Of Sports

Organisation Name Sports Authority Of India (sai)

Office Name Lakshmibai National College Of Physical Education

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Modular Cold Rooms

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  18 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 6



 

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Modular Cold Rooms ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TYPE / SIZE /
TEMPERATURE

Application Forensic,laboratories,H
ospitality,Pharmaceutic
al,Horiculture,Floricultu
re,Sericulture,Biotechn
ology,Dairy and Food
Processing

Forensic, laboratories,
Hospitality,
Pharmaceutical,
Horiculture,
Floriculture,
Sericulture,
Biotechnology, Dairy
and Food Processing

Type Chiller (Positive
Temperature
Condensing unit)

Chiller (Positive
Temperature
Condensing unit)

"Size - Outer
Dimensions (feet x
feet x feet)"

6x5x8 6x5x8

Maximum Ambient
Temperature

45 *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_APCu_pYxiREg693yqHvctYTTCEtFd7tLVsSl81h8zA


 

Cold Room set
Temperature
Range(Degree C)

(+ 2 to + 8) (+ 2 to + 8)

Tolerance on Cold
Room set Temperature
Range (±)

1 *

RH Range 61 to 80 40 to 60 (With
dehumidifier), 61 to 80,
81 to 95 (With
Humidifier)

COOLING UNIT Evaporating
Temperature

-3 -3, -28

Total Number of
Cooling Units

1 *

Standby units (for
Redundancy)

1 0, 1, 2

"Nominal cooling
Capacity of each unit
of the Chiller @
evaporating Temp
(BTU/hr)

6000 6000

"Nominal cooling
Capacity of each unit
of the Freezer @
evaporating Temp
(BTU/hr)

NA FOR CHILLER TYPE NA FOR CHILLER TYPE

Type of Compressor Reciprocal Reciprocal, Scroll

Compressor Sealing Fully Hermetical *

Number of Fans in each
evaporator unit

2 *

Size of Evaporator Fans 14 *

Number of Fans in each
Condersor unit

1 *

Size of Condensor Fans 16 *

Maximum Sound level
in dB

- *

Length of
Refregirant Piping
inclusive in the
scope of supply

Upto 10 meter Upto 10 meter

CONSTRUCTION Insulation Type Poly Urethane Foam *

Insulation Panel
Thickness
(Minimum)

60 60, 80, 100, 120, 150

"Density of Panels (±
2) (Kg/cubic meter)"

40 *

Floor Lamination Aluminium Chequered Aluminium Chequered

                               3 / 6



 

Sheet Sheet

External Panel
lamination Material

Pre-Painted Galvanized
Iron Sheet (PPGI)

Pre-Painted Galvanized
Iron Sheet (PPGI)

Internal Panel
lamination Material

Stainless Steel Sheet -
Gr-304

Stainless Steel Sheet -
Gr-304

External Panel Sheet
Thickness

0.4 *

Internal Panel Sheet
Thickness

0.4 *

Cold Storage Door
Type

Flush Type Sliding Door, Swing /
Hinge Door, Flush Type,
Overlap Type

Number of Doors 1 *

Location of the Door As per buyer's
approved Drawing

*

Locking Mechanism Cam Lock with metallic
plunger Embedded in
Foam

*

Number of Racks / Rack
Size

As per buyer's
approved Drawing

*

Number of
adjustable shelfs in
each Rack

4 4

Rack Material SS SS

Load bearing
capacity of Rack

75 10, 25, 50, 75 Or
higher

DISPLAY / CONTROL /
INTERFACE

Display Features LED,Backlit
LED,Monochrome
Display

LED, Backlit LED,
Monochrome Display

Diplay Size 2 2 - 12

"Parameters Displayed
(Select only the
Displayed parameters)"

Temperature *

SALIENT FEATURES "salient Features
(Select applicable
features only)"

Food safe and CFC free
refrigerants used,Micro-
processor based
electronic control panel
board,Power Panel with
necessary accessories

Food safe and CFC free
refrigerants used, Micro-
processor based
electronic control panel
board, Power Panel
with necessary
accessories

POWER Power Supply Single Phase, 230 ±
10% V AC

Single Phase, 230 ±
10% V AC, Three
Phase, 415 ± 10% V AC

Power Consumption - *

INSTALLATION &
COMMISSIONING

Installation and
Commissioning

With Installation and
Commissioning
(inclusive in the scope

*

                               4 / 6



 

of supply)

WARRANTY Warranty on
Compressor
Equipment

3 3, 5, 7 Or higher

Warranty of Cold
Storage Room

1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Saji Thomas 688006,SAI SAG WATER
SPORTS CENTRE
ALAPPUZHA

1  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the

                               5 / 6



 

average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

11.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

12.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

