












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703394

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Planning And Development Department Jammu And
Kashmir

Organisation Name Directorate Of Economics And Statistics

Office Name Cpo Srinagar

Total Quantity 1

Item Category power generators and portable generator

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 5



 

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Power Generators And Portable Generator ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

RATED OUTPUT /
STARTING & RUNNING

Portable Generator
type

Petrol start, Petrol run Petrol start, Kerosene
run, Petrol start, Petrol
run, Diesel start, diesel
run

Rated Output at
unity power factor at
STP (VA)

7500 *

Starting Type Electric Self start Recoil, Electric Self
start

Rated output
Voltage

230 V AC 220 V AC, 220 V AC
and 12V, 6 Amp min
DC, 220 V AC and 12V,
8 Amp min DC, 230 V
AC

WARRANTY Warranty (year) 1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

PERFORMANCE Efficiency of the
alternator (%)

95 *

Noise Level of Portable
Generator (dB(A))

75.44 *

GENERIC Make and model of
engine

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/BQQ0g4hyftr8EkWswI7GU_uLRcNffoKUNi_ixaFbk44


 

Make and model of
alternator

- *

Provision of Voltmeter
and ammeter in the
output circuits

yes *

Dimension of Genset in
(LxWxH)
(mmxmmxmm)

- *

Dry weight (Kg) - *

Period for which the
Generator is capable of
delivering declared
output

6 *

Fuel Tank capacity - *

BATTERY Battery Ah capacity in
case of Electric start
Generator (Ah)

- *

CERTIFICATION /
STATUTORY
REQUIREMENTS

Type approval Portable
Generating Set
meeting the
requirements of
Environmental
(Protection) Rules
1986, in respect of
noise and emission
norms, as described in
STC of the Product

yes *

Type approval number
and date

- *

Availability of Test
Report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accredited laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification for the
Portable Generator Set

Yes *

Test Report number
and date

- *

Name and address of
laboratory

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 5



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ajaz Ahmad Dar 190001,AMar Niwas
Complex DC office Srinagar

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category power generators and portable generator 

1. In addition to General Terms and Conditions of the GeM following Special T&C shall be
applicable for Portable Generator / Generating Set:

1.Portable AC Generating Set shall comprise of air cooled / liquid cooled 4 stroke single
cylinder engine and alternator.

2.The Portable Generating Set shall comply temp. rise limits given in IS:4722 /
IS:13364 with latest amendments.

3.The Portable Generating Set shall be fitted with fuel tank of a capacity to give
continuous operation for minimum 5 hours at rated full load and fuel should not spill
out of the lid of the tank due to the vibration.

4.The Portable Generating Set should have low lubricating oil alert system.
5.Electric start Generating Sets, where applicable, shall have maintenance free battery

and battery Charger with suitable starter. Battery ratings and motor starters shall be
compatible with the respective engines of Electric start Generating Sets.

6.Conformity of Production (COP) and Type Approval Certificate (TAC) declaring make
and model of engine/Portable Generator Sets, shall be provided to the user on
demand.

7.Portable Generator Sets of type petrol / kerosen run shall meet the requirements of
Environmental Protection Rules 1986 vide notification No. GSR 742 (E) dt.
17.05.2002 and Sl. No. 91 dt. 25.09.2000 and all amendments up to date and
amendment vide GSR No. 628 (E) dt. 30.08.2001 in respect of noise level norms and
provision of Environment protection Rule 1999 for emission standard for Generator
set as per Rule 88 (B) effective from 01.06.2001 vide notification No. GSR 682 (E) dt.
05.10.1999 and GSR 535 (E) dt. 07.08.2013 along with all amendments up to date
issued by Min. of Environment & Forest, Govt. of India. CPCB Certificate also be
provided to the user on demand.

8.Portable Gen. Sets run by diesel shall meet the requirement of Environmental
Protection Rule 1986 as laid down by Min. of Environment & Forest read with GSR
371 ( E)dated 17.05.2002 , GSR 520 (E) dated 01.07.2003 , No.448 (E)dated
12.07.2004 , GSR 771 (E) dated 11.12.2013 & GSR 232 (E) Dated 31.03.2014 along
with all amendments upto date in respect of noise and emission norms. Portable
Generator Set shall also meet all other statutory requirements as notified by
Govt.time to time. CPCB Certificate also be provided to the user on demand.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),

                               4 / 5



 

Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

