












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703766

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Maharishi Valmiki Hospital

Total Quantity 1

Item Category C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  15 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  120 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

CMC Required  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 157500

                             1 / 10



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Pharmacist
Maharishi Valmiki Hospital, Health and Family Welfare Department Delhi, N/A,
(Sunil Dutt Vashist)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE ( 1 pieces )

                             2 / 10



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Certifications

- *

Certification Number
and Date

- *

Type test approval
from AERB required

Yes *

Type test certificate
date and number

- *

Conformity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-2-54 or BIS
equivalent

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose C arms fluoroscopes
are used in a variety of
general surgical,
cardiac, and
neurological
applications, including
aneurysm repair,
pacemaker
implantation, hip
replacement, fracture
reduction, foreign-body
location, needle biopsy,
catheter placement,
pain management, per-
cutaneous lithotripsy,
and brachytherapy

*

UMDNS Name and
Code

1. Fluoroscopic Units,
Portable - 18-434 2.
Radio
graphic/Fluoroscopic
Units, Mobile - 11-758
3. Radio
graphic/Fluoroscopic
Units, Extremity -
18-435

*

The System should be
microprocessor
controlled, compact
and mobile offering
excellent Image details

Yes *

Type of Mechanical
Motion of C Arm

Motorized Motorized

Horizontal movement
Of C Arm in mm

210 *

                             3 / 10

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jXVe5Dal5-cAkPMzIGJrilpDBKdSIOqO5LC8bEKt5VE


 

Vertical Movement Of C
Arm in mm

430 *

Angulation
Movement of C Arm
in degrees

± 200 ± 200

Radius (Immersion
Depth)of C arm in mm

670 *

Source to Image
Distance in mm

950-1000 950-1000

Arc Orbital
Movement of C Arm

At least +90° - 30° At least +90° - 30°

Total width of C Arm in
mm( Free space of C
arm)

780 *

Panning Movement
of C Arm ( Swivel
movement)

±12.5º ±12.5º

Safety Feature
available for C Arm
Movement

a. Locks for all the
movements. b. Control
Stand foot lock. c.
Steering wheel for easy
steering & movement

*

Range of Frequency
of X ray Generator in
khz

61-80 61-80

Generator Power
output in Kw

5 5

Fluoroscopy Range
in kvp

40-120 40-120

Fluoroscopy mA
range, maximum in
mA

0.2 to 7 0.2 to 7

Dual focus Rotating
Anode X-Ray Tube of
focal spot

0.3mm² (small) &
0.6mm² (large)

0.3mm² (small) &
0.6mm² (large)

Anode heat storage
capacity with
tolerance ±10%

100 KHU 100 KHU

Modes Available Continuous fluoro,
Pulsed Fluoro,
Radiographic Mode

*

Pulses per sec 1 to 30 1 to 30

Mode selection for
Kv and mA

Automatic Automatic

Type of Image
Intensifier

9 " triple Field 9 " triple Field

Number of Monitors
provided on

2 (One for LIH and one
for memory display )

2 (One for LIH and one
for memory display )

                             4 / 10



 

intensifier system

Type of monitor to
be provided with
intensifier system

LED LED

Size of Monitors in
inch

17-20 17-20

Type of Collimator
controlled

Both Fixed Collimation
Slot & Motorized IRIS

Both Fixed Collimation
Slot & Motorized IRIS

Type of Camera CCD Camera CCD Camera

Camera Resolution
in pixels

1K x 1K 1K x 1K

Acquisition of
Camera

14 bits 14 bits

Contrast ratio of
intensifier unit

10:1 to 30:1 *

Image storage
capacity in images

Above 100000 Above 100000

Image reversal Yes *

Zoom function
available

5x 5x

Monitor with trolley Yes *

Sterile covers for C-
Arm/X-Ray tube/ Image
Intensifier

Yes *

DICOM Compatibility Yes Yes

The system should
be ready to connect
with HIS/ PACS

Yes Yes

Data transfer Both USB and CD?DVD Both USB and CD?DVD

Lead Aprons - Full body
and Skirt type

(0.5pb) 4 number each *

No of Thyroid shield
and Gonald Shield

4 number each *

Radiation/Fuoro
Exposure delivery
Switch

Hand Switch and Foot
Switch

*

Display of mA, KV and
other safety features
on C - arm Console

Yes *

Radiography
through Cassette
with holder

Yes Yes

Size of Cassette
holder provided (for
radiographic mode)
in inch x inch

10 x 12 10 x 12

                             5 / 10



 

Patient demographic
detail entry facility

Yes *

Upgradable option
to digital substration
of angigraphy and
peripheral
angiography

Yes Yes

"Automatic image
parameter selection
with capability of
switching on to manual
selection"

Yes *

Operating temperature
& humidity

0 to 25 deg C and
relative humidity of
15-90%

*

Type of Power Supply Single phase, 220- 240
Vac, 50Hz-16 Amps
Socket

*

UPS Availability External External

UPS backup time in
minutes

30 30, 45

Servo Stabilizer
supplied

Yes Yes

Rating of Servo
Stabilizer

5 KVA 5 KVA

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Installation,
Demonstration and
training to be provided
at consignee end

Yes *

The Principal
Manufacturer Must
Have Direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

Comprehensive
Warranty in Years

5 5

QA, QC and other tests
as per NABH shall be
carried out by OEM or
authorized agency of
OEM

Yes *

Reports Confirmity to
Manufacturing
Standards

Both ISO and ICMED Both ISO and ICMED

Certification number - *

                             6 / 10



 

and date

Copies of all calibration
and test reports and
certifications to be
submitted at the time
of Supply of Machine

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pradeep Kumar
Gupta

110039,Bawana Road Pooth
Khurd

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for

                             7 / 10



 

purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and
maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

5.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

Additional Clause For Comprehensive Maintenance Charges 

  1.CMC shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as per technical/ service
/operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares, after satisfactory completion

                             8 / 10



 

of Warranty. During the CMC period commencing from date of the successful completion of
warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site as recommended in the
manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six months. CMC shall not be
including the consumables. Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during CMC period on 24
(hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend CMC period by double the downtime
period.

  2.CMC charges to be indicated as percentage of cost of equipment quoted for each year after the
warranty period.

  3.GST shall be included in the CMC Charges quoted.

  4.Cost of CMC will be added for Ranking/Evaluation purpose with depreciation formula. A 10%
discounting rate per year shall be applied on CMC Charges for price evaluation on present value.

  5.The payment of CMC will be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period,
duly certified by end user.

  6.While creating a bid or RA buyers shall indicate whether CMC is required against Yes/No options.
If CMC Charges are included an option for number of years for CMC required after the warranty
period shall be available. Under this options up to 5 years can be chosen for CMC charges beyond
warranty period.

  7.The CMC functionality shall be available in bid only and no direct RA shall be applicable. In case
of bid to RA decrement rules shall be applicable on total price inclusive of CMC charges. Bunching of
products shall not be available while creating bids with CMC charges.

  7.1. Buyer shall indicate number of years of warranty by selecting option of 2 or 5 available in the
field depending on warranty parameter applicable in category parameters for the equipment. The
Seller while participating in Bid/RA will get fields to indicate CMC charges as percentage depending
on number of years of CMC selected by Buyer. The following shall be applicable If 5 year CMC
selected  

CMC charges for first year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated- A 1
CMC charges for second year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A2
CMC charges for third year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A3
CMC charges for fourth year after warranty period – Fixed amount to be indicated A4
CMC charges for 5th year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A5

7.2. The calculation of CMC Charges shall take in to account of number of years of warranty and
duration of CMC as specified while creating bid.

  7.3. In the price evaluation, the system shall provide function to calculate the cost of each
equipment by formula indicated below including CMC and then show the inter-se- ranking of the
bidders. The following are the variables.

  (i) Number of years for which CMC required.
  (ii) Number of years of warranty. The formula for calculating total cost including CMC charges shall
be :

  Total cost for evaluation= C+ C*( A1/100) /(1.10n) + A2/100/(1.10n+1)+ A3/100/(1.10n+2)+
A4/100/(1.10n+3) + A5/100/(1.10n+4)
  C – Cost for equipment quoted and n shall be number of years of warranty specified
  If 2 year warranty specified n shall be 2 and if 5 year specified n shall be 5.

  A1,A2 A3 A4 A5 shall depend on how many years CMC selected If 3 year means only A1,A2 and A3
factor to be not taken in to account and A4 and A5 will not be applicable

                             9 / 10



 

  7.4. CMC charges to be indicated for each subsequent year should be same or higher than
preceding year.

  7.5. The CMC charges shall be offered within range of 3 to 10% of cost of equipment.

  8. Since CMC charges are to be paid only later for each year during CMC period , applicable
performance guarantee amount after placement of contract shall be based on the cost of equipment
and not on basis of cost of equipment along with CMC Charges.

  9. Performance bank guarantee applicable for CMC is to be submitted at start of the CMC and shall
be applicable 5% as specified in bid on the total contract value including CMC Charges The PBG
submitted  after award of contract shall be released only after new PBG for the CMC period is
submitted and accepted by buyer/consignee after due verification. Bank guarantee for CMC is to
remain valid till completion of CMC period plus one year .The bank guarantee for CMC shall be
submitted to buyer directly.

  10. In case of splitting of quantity equipment cost and CMC charges offered by L-1 in the evaluated
cost shall be matched by higher quoting eligible bidders on one to one basis .The equipment cost
shall be matched and CMC charges shall be matched year to year.

  11. The CMC Contract shall be an offline contract to be handled by buyer. The payment of CMC will
be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by end user
and scope of CMC will be as per para 1 above.

  12. The above terms and conditions shall be part of the bid as well as part of the contract. 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            10 / 10

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

