












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703008

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Rural Development And Panchayat Raj Department
Karnataka

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Zilla Panchayat Ballari

Total Quantity 7

Item Category Hopper Tipper Dumper

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  18 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  100 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  3500000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.50

EMD Amount 87500

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Project Director
ZIlla Panchayat Ballari, Rural Development and Panchayat Raj Department Karnataka, N/A,
(D Janaki Ram)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 8



 

Hopper Tipper Dumper ( 7 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Chassis Certification ARAI *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

At the time of supply of
the equipment, the
chassis should not be
more than 6 months
old

Yes *

Generic Parameters Type of TIPPER Garbage Tipper Garbage Tipper

Type of TIPPER if other
tipper ,please declare
type of Tipper,

- *

Make of Chassis - *

Type of Chassis Frame - *

Category of Vehicle
for which Chassis to
be used

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Type of Chasssis Chassis with Facecowl *

Type of Fuel Petrol Petrol

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Fuel Consumption (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Kmpl)

21.9 *

Speed, Max (Km/Hr) 70 *

Max Engine Power
BHP (BHP@rpm)

30 More than 30.0 Or
higher

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Power

3750 *

Max Engine Torque
(N-M@rpm)

55 More than 55.0 Or
higher

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Torque

2500 *

Main Engine
Aspiration

Natural Aspiration Natural Aspiration

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/gFbYWs14S0XhU6LWQxm5M-2ao3xzQU4V5BW32tl4UoE


 

No. of Cylinder in Main
Engine (Nos)

2 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

26 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
with load( %)

23.09 *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

160 *

Wheel Base (mm) 2100 *

Kerb Weight (Kg) 865 *

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

1615 More than 1615.0 Or
higher

Type of BIS MARKED
Vehicle Tyre

Radial *

Chassis
Transmission System

Manual Manual

Number of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 *

Type of Steering Manual Manual

Turning Radius,Min
(mm)

4300 Less than 4300.0 Or
lower

Speed Governers/ECU Yes *

ABS Fitted No *

Front Vehicle Brake - *

Rear Vehicle Brake - *

Type of Clutch - *

Tipping Angle (Degree) 48 *

Tipper Container cap
acity/Volume(cubic
metres)

2 2.0 - 20.0 Or higher

Consructional
Parameters

Size Of Front Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size Of Rear Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size of Wheel (mm) 304.8 *

Tipper body Pivot
length (mm)

1541 *

Tipper body Length
(mm)

2094 *

Tipper Body Height
(mm)

815 *

Overall Height of Tipper
from Ground (mm)

1840 *

                               4 / 8



 

Body Plate Thickness
(mm)

1.6 *

Main Frame Thickness
(mm)

3 *

Hydraulic System Yes *

Tipping Hydraulic
Cylinders(Make)

- *

Hydraulic System
Driven by

Main Engine *

Tipper Container
Material

Mild Steel Mild Steel

Thickness of sheet from
tipper Collector
Container Made (mm)

1.6 *

Dumping Height (mm) 620 *

Engine Oil Pressure
Level Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

Fuel Gauge Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

Engine Cooling Liquid
Temperature Indicator
in Control Panel

Yes *

Operating Hour Meter No *

Locking/Unlocking of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Lowering/Lifting of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Counter Weight No *

If yes Counter Weight
(kg)

0 *

Paint Automotive Paint *

Performance
Parameters

Standard Sparewheel
and Tool Kit

Yes *

Warranty Time
(Month)

12 12.0

No. Of Free Service
(Nos)

3 *

Battery Warranty
(Months)

12 12, 24, 36 Or higher

Warranty Distance
(Km)(Unlimited during
warranty Period)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               5 / 8



 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 D Janaki Ram 583102,Zilla Panchayat Fort
Ballari

7  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

6.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

                               6 / 8



 

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

13.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Not Applicable
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Third party inspection

14.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

15. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
16.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

17.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): OEM certificate issued by the
competent authority.

18.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope OEM
warranty policy (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if
Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM
undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

19.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

20.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty

                               7 / 8



 

with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

21.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

