












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700586

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Mahanadi Coalfields Limited

Office Name General Manager Materials Management Mcl Hqr

Total Quantity 3700

Item Category Steel Tubes For Idlers For Belt Conveyors

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 64898

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 18

                               1 / 4



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
MAHANADI COALFIELDS LIMITED
General Manager Materials Management MCL Hqr, Materials Management, MAHANADI COALFIELDS
LIMITED, Ministry of Coal
(Mahanadi Coalfields Limited)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Steel Tubes For Idlers For Belt Conveyors ( 3700 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Item Item Steel Tubes For Idlers
For Belt Conveyors.

*

Process of
Manufacturing

Electric Resistance
Welded(ERW)(including
HFIW)

Electric Resistance
Welded(ERW)(including
HFIW)

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/4tcU4ny_i5DOLuwYQBvpbEwWc0owf74UYi5HhxVqIOg


 

Specification Conformity to
specification

IS 9295:latest *

ISI Marked Yes Yes

Grades Grades Yst 210 Yst 210

Dimension Outside Diameter(in
mm)

114.3 114.3

Thickness(in mm) 5.4 5.4

Length(in meter) 4 to 7 4 to 7

Height of Internal fin(in
mm)

1.5 *

Finish Finish Black *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
confirmity to
specification

- *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gopal Krishna
Swain

759116,Office of the Depot
Officer, Central/Regional
Stores, Jagannath /Area, P.O.
Balanda, Dist-
Angul-759116, Odisha

700  30

2 SUNIL TUKARAM
DAJGUDE

768211,Office of the Chief
General Manager, Mahanadi
Coalfields Limited,
Lakhanpur Area, At/PO
Bandhbahal, Via, Belpahar
Dist Jharsuguda-768211

3000  30

                               3 / 4



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have

Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.
3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
4.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

5.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

