












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712981
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Eastern Railway

Total Quantity 30

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 30 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/MdMZk-V6JONXO3dZQt1ouY4sN5qWEMW8gNgHHWfWt4s


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Product Class OEM OEM

Brand HP HP

Type of
Cartridge/Consumable

Ink Ink

Colour of
Cartridges/Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum Model
number

HP 818 Black Ink Cartridge HP 818 Black Ink Cartridge

Corresponding Part
number/ code

CC640ZZ CC640ZZ

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

HP Deskjet D1668
Printer,HP Deskjet D2568
Printer,HP Deskjet D2668
Printer,HP Deskjet D5568
Printer,HP Deskjet F2418 All-
in-One Printer,HP Deskjet
F2488 All-in-One Printer,HP
Deskjet F4288 AiO
Printer,HP Deskjet F4488 All-
in-One Printer,HP Envy 110
e-All-in-One Prntr D411a,HP
Photosmart C4688 All-in-
One Printer,HP Photosmart
C4788 All-in-One Printer

HP Deskjet D1668 Printer,
HP Deskjet D2568 Printer,
HP Deskjet D2668 Printer,
HP Deskjet D5568 Printer,
HP Deskjet F2418 All-in-One
Printer, HP Deskjet F2488
All-in-One Printer, HP
Deskjet F4288 AiO Printer,
HP Deskjet F4488 All-in-One
Printer, HP Envy 110 e-All-in-
One Prntr D411a, HP
Photosmart C4688 All-in-
One Printer, HP Photosmart
C4788 All-in-One Printer

Yield of the Cartridge as per
ISO/IEC:19752/2004(E)for
BK & ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

200 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Subroto Mukherjee 711101,DRM Building Eastern
Railway Howrah

30  20

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1.In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM cartridges are supplied
to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of indigenously
manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be older than nine months while
accepting the material. In case it is found to be more than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected
by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC) Certificate only after
verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the same in the machine
so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters subject to its genuineness having already
been verified at the time of issue of Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by Sellers on GeM against
OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller from any transaction in future including any
other administrative action as required.

                               2 / 3



 

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make OEM

Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1.In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been provided and can be

accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through HP SureSupply app or by using
Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on the cartridge security seal. After the scan process
of the QR code, a validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively the Sl. No. of the
cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP
website. The detailed procedure to check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl
visit the Hp website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are

validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase
preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is
not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price
band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 20% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total value.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

