












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707249

  Dated: 12-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 1

Item Category jacks hydraulic

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  45000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 6



 

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Jacks Hydraulic ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Type Of Hydraulic Jacks WEDGE JACK *

Actuation Hydraulic *

Hydraulic foot Pump
assembly along with 10
metres hose swivel

yes *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Head Capacity (Ton) 10 10ton, 10

Wedge Angle( min.) (°) 15 *

Insertion height (mm) ≤ 15 for wedge *

Minimum Lift Height 300mm for toe *

Maximum Lift Height,
mm

3 *

Weight, Kg 100 *

PERFORMANCE Lifting Capacity
(min.) (Ton)

10 10

Working Pressure
(bar)

700-750 700-750

Lifting Stroke (mm) 88888 88888.0 - 9999999.0
Or higher

CERTIFICATION Availability of Type
Test Report for

yes *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/smorpkbW0qLA7lkSyvf2MzSv4-gt7Px2pxhkX7dcCEE


 

conformity of
parameters from any
ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central Gov.
LAB .

Test cetificate No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab where
test Conducted

- *

Address of the Lab - *

Others Certificate:
BIS/EN/DIN /UL/CE
certificates

- *

Warranty (Years) 1 1, 2, 3 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********RAJAURI 1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

2.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

3. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): YES.

7.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership

                               3 / 6



 

or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

8.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

9.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

10.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

11.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
12. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

13.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

14. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

15.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

16.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises

                               4 / 6



 

clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.
17.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

18.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

19.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

20.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

21.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): YES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: NO

22.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

23.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

24.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or

                               5 / 6



 

(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

25.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

26.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

