












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710980

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital Rohini

Total Quantity 1

Item Category automated nucleic acid extraction machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  40 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

CMC Required  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 90000

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Director principal
Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Medical College Rohini, Delhi
(Director Principal)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Automated Nucleic Acid Extraction Machine ( 1 pieces )

                               2 / 8



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance
Parameters

Purpose Automated Nucleic Acid
extraction system to
efficiently automate
RNA extractions as well
as DNA extractions,,
and their related
purification protocols

*

Type of system Open(compatible with
multiple kits)

*

Portability of model Benchtop *

No of samples per run
efficiently extracted
within one hour

Up to 96 *

Minimum Sample
volume

25 to 200 µl *

Elution volume 30 to 100µl *

Performance of
machine

High nucleic acid
yields, Isolate pure,
high quality DNA or
RNA for downstream
applications such as
PCR, qPCR, Reverse
transcription – qPCR,
sequencing

*

Heating and cooling
facility

Yes *

Machine should allow
to add customize
protocols

Yes *

System should function
smoothly and should
not generate aerosol,
spillage

Yes *

Internal in-built
memory to store
protocols

Yes *

All the necessary
accessories required
for working provided
with the system

Yes *

Suitable UPS Provided Yes *

UPS Back up time 1 *

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_3Zh2pQ40D5zeYIHnxwf2BCJmIJRAJyjxXR-2xPKnNw


 

Standard Parameters Certification for product CE-IVD *

Certification date and
number

- *

Confirmity to
Manufacturing
Standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-1 or BIS
equivalent

*

Reports Comprehensive
Warranty

5 5.0

All spares should be
available in market
during warranty period
as well as 5 years after
the warranty

Yes *

User manual User Technical ,
Maintenance manuals
to be supplied in
English in hard and soft
copy

*

Installation,validation,
Demonstration and
training to be provided
at site at consignee
end

Yes *

Service Centre The Principal
Manufacturer Must
Have Direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

*

The detailed circuit
diagram along with
trouble shooting
procedure and
operational manual
would be provided to
the consignee along
with the equipmentt

Yes *

Equipment should be
supplied with manuals
and the manuals
including technical
drawings should be
complete in all respects
to operate the system
without any problem

Yes *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports (Instrumental
qualification
/operational
qualifications /

Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

performance
qualification) to be
provided to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vipul Pandey 110085,DR. BABA SAHEB
AMBEDKAR MEDICAL
COLLEGE, GOVT. OF NCT OF
DELHI, SECTOR-06, ROHINI,
DELHI-110085

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category automated nucleic acid extraction machine 

1. (i) Comprehensive warranty: Comprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.(ii) Service centres:
Details of Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to
buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making
the supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres
are available to cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from
where the service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and
online registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.(iii) Source of supply: It shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents
regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to
establish that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them .(iv) Packing and Marking: Medical equipments being very delicate and sensitive
packing for the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including
transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration
etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination
of the goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during
transit up to final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside
the packages and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration
the type of medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled
and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of
proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including
quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant
details.(v) Spare Parts: Seller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare
parts manufactured and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares

                               5 / 8



 

are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any
reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be
given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to
purchase the required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall
carry sufficient inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the
equipments so that the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most
favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for
spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied(vi) Installation, Training,
Manuals: Seller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision
and Demonstration of the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly,
minor civil works for the completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s
representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and Supplying required
number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters
are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same
shall also be applicable.(vii) Electrical safety checking: Sellers are required to make sure that
they furnish the list of equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to
buyer/consignee .They should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects
as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for
such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance
through labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call.(viii)
Software: All software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

6.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of 2 (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance
Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC
Performance Security for 2% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months (if
there is no other claim).

7.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount

                               6 / 8



 

from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

Additional Clause For Comprehensive Maintenance Charges 

  1.CMC shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as per technical/ service
/operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares, after satisfactory completion
of Warranty. During the CMC period commencing from date of the successful completion of
warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site as recommended in the
manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six months. CMC shall not be
including the consumables. Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during CMC period on 24
(hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend CMC period by double the downtime
period.

  2.CMC charges to be indicated as percentage of cost of equipment quoted for each year after the
warranty period.

  3.GST shall be included in the CMC Charges quoted.

  4.Cost of CMC will be added for Ranking/Evaluation purpose with depreciation formula. A 10%
discounting rate per year shall be applied on CMC Charges for price evaluation on present value.

  5.The payment of CMC will be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period,
duly certified by end user.

  6.While creating a bid or RA buyers shall indicate whether CMC is required against Yes/No options.
If CMC Charges are included an option for number of years for CMC required after the warranty
period shall be available. Under this options up to 5 years can be chosen for CMC charges beyond
warranty period.

  7.The CMC functionality shall be available in bid only and no direct RA shall be applicable. In case
of bid to RA decrement rules shall be applicable on total price inclusive of CMC charges. Bunching of
products shall not be available while creating bids with CMC charges.

  7.1. Buyer shall indicate number of years of warranty by selecting option of 2 or 5 available in the
field depending on warranty parameter applicable in category parameters for the equipment. The
Seller while participating in Bid/RA will get fields to indicate CMC charges as percentage depending
on number of years of CMC selected by Buyer. The following shall be applicable If 5 year CMC
selected  

CMC charges for first year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated- A 1
CMC charges for second year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A2
CMC charges for third year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A3
CMC charges for fourth year after warranty period – Fixed amount to be indicated A4
CMC charges for 5th year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A5

7.2. The calculation of CMC Charges shall take in to account of number of years of warranty and
duration of CMC as specified while creating bid.

  7.3. In the price evaluation, the system shall provide function to calculate the cost of each
equipment by formula indicated below including CMC and then show the inter-se- ranking of the
bidders. The following are the variables.

                               7 / 8



 

  (i) Number of years for which CMC required.
  (ii) Number of years of warranty. The formula for calculating total cost including CMC charges shall
be :

  Total cost for evaluation= C+ C*( A1/100) /(1.10n) + A2/100/(1.10n+1)+ A3/100/(1.10n+2)+
A4/100/(1.10n+3) + A5/100/(1.10n+4)
  C – Cost for equipment quoted and n shall be number of years of warranty specified
  If 2 year warranty specified n shall be 2 and if 5 year specified n shall be 5.

  A1,A2 A3 A4 A5 shall depend on how many years CMC selected If 3 year means only A1,A2 and A3
factor to be not taken in to account and A4 and A5 will not be applicable

  7.4. CMC charges to be indicated for each subsequent year should be same or higher than
preceding year.

  7.5. The CMC charges shall be offered within range of 3 to 10% of cost of equipment.

  8. Since CMC charges are to be paid only later for each year during CMC period , applicable
performance guarantee amount after placement of contract shall be based on the cost of equipment
and not on basis of cost of equipment along with CMC Charges.

  9. Performance bank guarantee applicable for CMC is to be submitted at start of the CMC and shall
be applicable 2.5% as specified in bid on the total contract value including CMC Charges The PBG
submitted  after award of contract shall be released only after new PBG for the CMC period is
submitted and accepted by buyer/consignee after due verification. Bank guarantee for CMC is to
remain valid till completion of CMC period plus one year .The bank guarantee for CMC shall be
submitted to buyer directly.

  10. In case of splitting of quantity equipment cost and CMC charges offered by L-1 in the evaluated
cost shall be matched by higher quoting eligible bidders on one to one basis .The equipment cost
shall be matched and CMC charges shall be matched year to year.

  11. The CMC Contract shall be an offline contract to be handled by buyer. The payment of CMC will
be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by end user
and scope of CMC will be as per para 1 above.

  12. The above terms and conditions shall be part of the bid as well as part of the contract. 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

