












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708584

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development And Environment Department

Organisation Name E-nagar Palika Government Of Madhya Pradesh

Office Name Madhya Pradesh

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Emporium Products ( PAC Only ) 

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 3



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Emporium Products ( 1 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make na

Model statueofdr.bhimraoambedkar

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ORGANISATION Type of organisation
offering the
Emporium Products

Government Entity Government Entity

Name of Organisation HIND TRADING CO. *

PRODUCT Name of the Product
Category

Brass Items Brass Items

Name of the
Subcategory

STATUE *

Name of the Product DR. BHIMRAO
AMBEDKAR

*

SKU Code SKU Code 170 *

DESCRIPTION Description STATUE OF DR.
BHIMRAO AMBEDKAR

*

DIMENSIONS Dimensions ( mm ) 2133.6*762*2133.6 *

MASS Mass 550 KGS (APPROX.) *

MATERIAL Material ARCHITECTURAL
BRONZE

*

COLOUR Colour BRONZE OR BROWN *

OTHER DETAILS Other Details ( if any ) NA *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uG53uyuDN-vW0RdjKSf9A0oB09HuHlgxiiFeATqfwSM


 

APPROVAL OF PRICE Whether the price is
approved by
Government Agency

No No

If yes, name of the
price approving agency

NA *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Suresh Chandra
Sharma

458888,NAGAR PARISHAD
SUWASRA

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category Emporium Products 

1.This product category has been specially created on GeM for Direct and PAC buying of
handloom products, handicrafts products and gift articles etc. The procurement under this
category is limited to RS 50,000/- for Direct buying and unlimited value for PAC buying. By
uploading any product under this category, the seller undertakes that there is no predefined
category available on GeM for the offered item. While making procurement under this
category, Buyer also has to undertake that category of item selected is not otherwise
available on GeM for competitive procurement. Any procurement from this category in
violation of these guidelines will render the contract so concluded as null and void. Since
there are no defined parameters to compare the products of different OEMs/ Sellers, Buyer
has to be doubly sure about reasonableness of price of the product being procured. Any
false claim by seller about product specifications and about rate having been approved by
any government agency will be treated as a Severe Deviation under the Incident
Management Policy of the GeM.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

