












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709161

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 100000

Item Category Vinyl/Rubber gloves for hospitals cleaning

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  23 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  47 Lakh (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Bidder Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 141000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 2

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director
Block No. 14, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Dr. Jivaraj Mehta Bhavan,
Sector NO. 10, Gandhinagar 382010
(Dr. Suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Vinyl/Rubber Gloves For Hospitals Cleaning ( 100000 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Product description Vinyl/Rubber gloves for
hospitals cleaning

*

Purpose Non-contaminated for
hospital cleaning and
also to protect
personnel against
potentially infectious
materials, such as
blood and body fluids,

*

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ozz5ZZWH8LCGoelSWVlvp4SzJiQ8trzitMx5IbGBf1I


 

or harsh chemicals and
biological risks

Reusable Yes Yes, No

Washable with Iso
Propyl Alcohol (IPA)

Yes *

Colour of Gloves - *

Non-sterile Yes *

DIMENSIONS Overall length,
minimum

280 280.0

Overall Width
(Tolerance +/-5)

120 120.0

Minimum Thickness of
Finger and Palm (Single
wall)

0.2 *

MATERIAL &
CONSTRUCTION

Material of the
gloves

Nitrile rubber Nitrile rubber

Latex free Yes *

Soft, comfortable fit,
flexible and dexterous
to wear

Yes *

Chemical resistant to
acid and alkali

Yes *

Non-allergenic, non-
irritant and anti static

Yes *

Powder free Yes *

Convenient to wear
without distinguish
between left hand and
right hand

Yes *

Cuff of the glove shall
be resistant to tear

Yes *

Construction of the cuff
shall fit closely without
tendency to roll back or
ruckle while in use

Yes *

Extra rough textured at
finger tip

Yes *

PACKING Packing Each pair in polythene
pouch

*

Final package Carton box *

CERTIFICATIONS &
REPORTS

Availability of Test
report from Govt/ NABL
/ ILAC acredited
Laboratory to prove
conforming to the
declared specification

No *

                               3 / 5



 

Product Certification BIS *

Four digit number of
notified body If product
is EU-CE certified

- *

Manufacturing facility
certification

ISO:13485 & ISO:9001 *

Submission of copies of
all the certifications,
licenses and test
reports to the buyer
along with supplies

Yes *

SHELF LIFE Shelf life 3 3 Or higher

Minimum Shelf life at
the time of supply

3/4 th of total shelf life *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Katariya Mehul
Babubhai

382330,Plot No. 68-69,
G.I.D.C, Naroda Phase - 2,
Central Workshop, Naroda
Depot, Naroda, Dist.-
Ahmedabad.

40000  10

2 Santosh
Ramchandra
Pawar

395001,GMSCL – Ware
House, Near Civil Hospital
Campus, Majura Gate, Surat.

20000  10

3 Prajapati Darshan
Pravinbhai

390019,GMSCL – Ware
House,Behind Ansuya
Leprosy Hospital, Azwa road,
Vadodara.

20000  10

4 Ranpara Pratik
Sureshbhai

360001,GMSCL – Ware
House,Morbi Road, Near
Railway Fatak, Rajkot

20000  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

                               4 / 5



 

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

