












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709326
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 1020

Item Category Saline Stand

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 57222

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 2

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 4



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director
Block No. 14, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Dr. Jivraj Mehta Bhavan, Sector-10, Gandhinagar
382010
(Dr. Suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Saline Stand ( 1020 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance parameters Type of frame Tubular pipe frame *

Provision of rod Yes *

Number of hooks on rod 2 2

Number of castor wheels 5 5

Number of castor brakes 2 2

Castor shall be rust proof Yes *

Provision of height
adjustment

Yes *

Type of coating NA for SS Epoxy powder coated, NA
for SS

Warranty in years 1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

Material and dimensional
parameters

Material of frame Stainless steel(SS 304) Stainless steel(SS 304)

Material of rod Stainless steel(SS 304) Stainless steel(SS 304)

Diameter of rod in mm 10 *

Material of base frame Stainless steel(SS 304) Stainless steel(SS 304)

Diameter of castors in mm 50 *

Height adjustment of rod
in mm

1370-2340 1370-2340

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ELTQGD8tgaPap4a480Ka9E_ZZbtAv_EpqrFszb-2u3o


 

Overall weight of saline
stand in Kg

5 *

Reports Manufacturer ISO
certification

ISO 9001:2015 *

ISO cetification deatils such
as date and number

- *

Availability of test report
from govt/ NABL/ILAC
accredited lab covering
all parameters

No No

Test report number , Incase
test reports not availabble ,
put NA

- *

Test report date, Incase test
reports not availabble , put
NA

- *

Name of test lab , Incase
test reports not availabble ,
put NA

- *

Address of test lab , Incase
test reports not availabble ,
put NA

- *

Copies of all
certifications and reports
to be provided to buyer
on demand at time of
supplies ,

NA ,Incase test reports not
availabble

NA ,Incase test reports not
availabble

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 DrDipakM Solanki 390021,GMERS Medical College,
Gotri-Vadodara, Mo No
9638843111

300  10

2 Prajapati Darshan
Pravinbhai

360001,PDU Medical College
Rajkot

100  10

3 Dr. Sureshbhai
Punjabhai Rathod

362001,362001, GMERS Medical
College, Near Majevadi Gate,
Paddock Road, Junagadh

20  10

4 Santosh Ramchandra
Pawar

395001,New Civil Hospital
Campus, Majura Gate, Surat.-Mo
No-9825555387

100  10

5 Manish Sutariya 380016,Civil hospital
campus,Asarava, Ahmedabad-Mo
no-9426404994

500  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along

                               3 / 4



 

with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

4.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

