












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710007
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 15 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Employees State Insuarnce Corporation

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation

Office Name Esic Hospital Bihta

Total Quantity 500

Item Category Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask ( 500 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make 3m

Model 3m8210v

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/46E3qvGTz81V_Tlwzdv_mlg2sIprvMM8KAd6Rwgf1Vc


 

GENERAL Classification of filtering
Half mask

N95 of NIOSH N95 of NIOSH

Type of mask with exhalation valve with exhalation valve

Use Single Single

STANDARDS ISI Marked No No

BIS Licence No (CML No) NA *

MATERIAL Mask construction
material

Entirely inseparable fillter
material

Entirely inseparable fillter
material

Weight of single mask
(gms)

40 40

CONSTRUCTION No of valves single single

Foldable No No

Nose clip with with

Head harness Self adjusting/Elastic Self adjusting/Elastic

Filter penetration S"Solid" *

Clogging perfomance D(Dolamite dust) *

REPORTS Submission of test repot on
form 39 or from central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab at the time of supply

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Robinson Kumar Singh 801103,ESIC HOSPITAL BIHTA
NH-30, SIKANDERPUR PATNA ARA
ROAD, BIHTA PATNA-801103
LANDMARK- ADJACENT TO NDRF
CAMPUS BIHTA

500  7

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk

manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

3.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &
the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

4.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date

                               2 / 3



 

of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 20.07.2020.
5.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

