












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711383

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute Of
Health And Medical Sciences (neigrihms)

Office Name Neigrihms, Shillong

Total Quantity 1

Item Category automated nucleic acid extraction machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  3500000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank Of Baroda

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 35000

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
NEIGRIHMS, Shillong
Neigrihms, Shillong, Department of Health and Family Welfare, North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional
Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
(Deputy Director Admin)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Automated Nucleic Acid Extraction Machine ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance
Parameters

Purpose Automated Nucleic Acid
extraction system to
efficiently automate
RNA extractions as well
as DNA extractions,,
and their related
purification protocols

*

Type of system Open(compatible with
multiple kits)

*

Portability of model Benchtop *

No of samples per run
efficiently extracted
within one hour

Up to 96 *

Minimum Sample
volume

25 to 200 µl *

Elution volume 30 to 100µl *

Performance of
machine

High nucleic acid
yields, Isolate pure,
high quality DNA or
RNA for downstream
applications such as
PCR, qPCR, Reverse
transcription – qPCR,
sequencing

*

Heating and cooling
facility

Yes *

Machine should allow
to add customize
protocols

Yes *

System should function
smoothly and should
not generate aerosol,
spillage

Yes *

Internal in-built
memory to store
protocols

Yes *

All the necessary
accessories required
for working provided
with the system

Yes *

Suitable UPS Provided Yes *

UPS Back up time 1 *

Standard Parameters Certification for product ICMED 13485 plus *

Certification date and
number

- *

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/z8YIiweYNScpfrT8zoOhcT87rSjMqfhDqsyYm-3py6M


 

Confirmity to
Manufacturing
Standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-1 or BIS
equivalent

*

Reports Comprehensive
Warranty

5 5.0

All spares should be
available in market
during warranty period
as well as 5 years after
the warranty

Yes *

User manual User Technical ,
Maintenance manuals
to be supplied in
English in hard and soft
copy

*

Installation,validation,
Demonstration and
training to be provided
at site at consignee
end

Yes *

Service Centre The Principal
Manufacturer Must
Have Direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

*

The detailed circuit
diagram along with
trouble shooting
procedure and
operational manual
would be provided to
the consignee along
with the equipmentt

Yes *

Equipment should be
supplied with manuals
and the manuals
including technical
drawings should be
complete in all respects
to operate the system
without any problem

Yes *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports (Instrumental
qualification
/operational
qualifications /
performance
qualification) to be
provided to buyer on

Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

demand at time of
supplies

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Khrawkupar Jithod
Katrai

793018,P.O. NEIGRIHMS,
Mawdiangdiang, Shillong

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category automated nucleic acid extraction machine 

1. (i) Comprehensive warranty: Comprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.(ii) Service centres:
Details of Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to
buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making
the supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres
are available to cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from
where the service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and
online registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.(iii) Source of supply: It shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents
regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to
establish that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them .(iv) Packing and Marking: Medical equipments being very delicate and sensitive
packing for the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including
transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration
etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination
of the goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during
transit up to final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside
the packages and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration
the type of medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled
and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of
proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including
quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant
details.(v) Spare Parts: Seller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare
parts manufactured and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares
are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any
reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be
given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to
purchase the required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall

                               5 / 8



 

carry sufficient inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the
equipments so that the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most
favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for
spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied(vi) Installation, Training,
Manuals: Seller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision
and Demonstration of the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly,
minor civil works for the completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s
representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and Supplying required
number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters
are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same
shall also be applicable.(vii) Electrical safety checking: Sellers are required to make sure that
they furnish the list of equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to
buyer/consignee .They should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects
as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for
such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance
through labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call.(viii)
Software: All software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Certificate for the supply of the same to any Govt/ PSU/ any renowned private
organisation along with Supply/ Purchase Order.

2.Make in india specific authorisation certificate needs to be enclosed.
3.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right

or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition

                               6 / 8



 

is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

15.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS  A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank
should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

16.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS  Account
No. 30270200000027 IFSC Code BARB0MAWDIA Bank Name BANK OF BARODA  Branch

                               7 / 8



 

address MAWDIANGDIANG, SHILLONG-793018, MEGHALAYA.. Successful Bidder to indicate
Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-
line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in
place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

17.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of NEIGRIHMS
EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS  payable at shillong.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

18.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS  A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer
after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with
covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

19.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of NEIGRIHMS EMD
SECURITY DEPOSITS  payable at shillong.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

20.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name NEIGRIHMS EMD SECURITY DEPOSITS  Account No. 30270200000027 IFSC
Code BARB0MAWDIA Bank Name BANK OF BARODA  Branch address MAWDIANGDIANG,
SHILLONG-793018, MEGHALAYA.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

