












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714679
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Guru Gobind Singh Government Hospital

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Ambulances - R

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 7145

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 6



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Medical Superintendent
Guru Gobind Singh Government Hospital, Jamnagar
(Medical Superintendent)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Ambulances - R ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Description Description Road Ambulance or
Ambulance is a specially
equipped and ergonomically
designed vehicle for
transportation / emergent
treatment of sick or injured
people and capable of
providing out of hospital
medical care during transit /
when stationary,
commensurate with its
designated level of care
when appropriately staffed

*

Generic Vehicle parameters Type of Ambulance Type B (as per clause 3.3.2
of AIS:125 Part-1)

Type B (as per clause 3.3.2
of AIS:125 Part-1)

Category of Vehicle M2 M2

Vehicle Engine Capacity 2596 *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission BS VI BS VI

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/NjIjWmVgYJiPdpfVIcEOQ5KfuUFilxWxghPQACLVr34


 

Complaince

Colour of the Vehicle White *

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test Agency
under Rule 115of CMVR
1989) (Kmpl)

13.31 13.31 - 50.0 Or higher

Top Speed 100 *

Acceleration(0-70KmPH) 31 31.0

Gradeability of Vehicle 11.3 *

Air Conditioning NA for withoutAC NA for withoutAC

Engine BHP 114 More than 114.0 Or higher

Rated RPM at Max Engine
BHP

2950 *

Engine Torque Max (N-m) 350 Any applicable numeric
value

Rated RPM at Max Engine
Torque

2200 *

Type of Vehicle Body Monocoque Monocoque

No of Doors 3 *

Fuel Tank Capacity 70 *

Length of Vehicle Body 5615 *

Width of Vehicle Body 1900 *

Height of Vehicle Body 2550 *

Ground Clearance(road
Clearance from floor)

200 *

Wheel Base 3350 *

Kerb Weight 2755 Any applicable numeric
value

Gross Vehicle Weight 3965 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Tyre and Tube BIS marked Pneumatic
Tyres and tubes for both
front and rear

*

Size Of Tyre - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

No of Speed/ Forward
Gears

5 5

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel drive Two Wheel drive

Drive Axle Rear *

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius 6500 Less than 6500.0 Or lower

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake *

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Vehicle Air Intake System TurboCharged *

Vehicle features Vehicle Brake ABS Fitted *

Ambulance Body Patient Compartment As per cl. 4.5 of AIS 125 Pt I *

                               3 / 6



 

Overall Length of Patient
Compartment

3300 *

Overall Width of Patient
Compartment

1680 *

Overall Height of Patient
Compartment

1830 *

Construction of Patient
Compartment

The ceiling, the material of
floor and side shall be non-
permeable and resistant to
disinfectant

*

Body Main Structure Shape
and Material

NA for Monocoque *

Size of Section - *

Exterior Panel of side body
and roof

NA for Monocoque *

Interior Panel of side body GI sheetof thickness 0.8 mm
min, FRP panelling, ABS
panelling with Anti bacterial
material

*

Interior Panel of roof Rexin *

Flooring Material Flooring Made Out fromm ISI
Marked 12 mm thick FR
grade plywood covered with
vinyle sheet

*

Openings (Doors, Windows,
Emergency Exits)

AS per cl. 4.4.5 of AIS 125 Pt
I

*

Number of Seats
(inciuding driver)

10 Any applicable numeric
value

Number of strecher 1 1

Min Number of Patient and
Attendant Seats

2 *

Main Equipments Features of Main Strecher Main strecher with
separable undercarriage

*

PROVISION FOR MEDICAL
DEVICES

Mounting for portable
Oxygen cylinder of 2.2 L
water capacity,Hook for
infusion mounting,Storage
for keeping first aid and
nursing kit

*

Type of Patient Handling
Equipment

Main stretcher with
undercarriage,Oxygen
Cylinder Bracket,I.V. Bottle
Hanging Hook,First Aid Box
in side of rear saloon

*

Ambulance Features Medical cabinet in side of
rear saloon,Roof revolving
light,Siren,Fire Extinguisher
as per AIS 125 PT I

*

Electrical Requirement Additional Electric Load of
Medical Equipment’s
permissible (Watts) as per
AIS 125 (Part-1)

110 *

Number of battery(ies)
provided other than the
vehicle battery

NA *

Additional Battery Capacity NA *

                               4 / 6



 

Alternator Power NA for type B *

Min no of 12V connections
for medical devices in
patient's compartment

NA *

Min number of 220V AC
power supply connections
for medical devices in
patient compartment

NA *

Environment Testing Environment Testing
Compliance

Flammability Test as per IS
15061: 2002 (as applicable
),Interior fitting compliance
as per AIS-047
established,Air conditioning
and Heating Performance
Tests(Clause 4.5.4 as per
AIS125 Pt I)
Compliance,Acceleration
Test (Clause 4.2.1 per AIS
125 Pt I and IS:11851-2002)
Compliance,Water Proofing
Test (IS:11865-1995)
Compliance,Dust Ingress
Test (IS:11739-1997)
Compliance

*

Additional Features for
COVID 19 Ambulance

Partition Between Driver &
Patient Compartment

*

Warranty Time 36 36.0

Warranty Distance (or
warranty time,
whichever earlier)

300000 300000.0

Battery Warranty 12 12.0

No Of Free Service during
warranty

7 *

Certification Applicable GSR
287(E),Central Motor
Vehicles(4th
Amend)Rules,2015 and
Ambulance CODE (Latest)

Compliance to AIS 125(Part
I) : Constructional and
Functional Requirements for
Road Ambulances with all
amendments till date.

*

Certification Complete vehicle *

Vehicle Certification ARAI *

Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT/CIRT No

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Parmar Rahul 361008,PN Marg, Jamnagar,
Gujarat 361008

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 6



 

1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

2.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 5
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

6.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

