












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700705
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Coalfields Limited

Office Name Central Coalfields Limited

Total Quantity 44

Item Category Revolving Chair

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  22 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 11484

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 5



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Chief Manager(MM)
Central Coalfields Limited, Materials Management, Central Coalfields Limited, Ministry of Coal
(Prafulla Kumar Sinha)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Revolving Chair ( 44 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Pedestal Base Glass Fibre Nylon with ABS/
NylonTwin Caster Wheels
Minimum 5 Nos, of 50 mm
Size

Glass Fibre Nylon with ABS/
NylonTwin Caster Wheels
Minimum 5 Nos, of 50 mm
Size

Arm Material Proypylene Proypylene

seat material PU Foam covered with
Fabric

PU Foam covered with
Fabric

Density of PU foam used in
seat KG per Cu Meter (+/- 3)

55 *

Density of PU foam used in
backrest in KG per Cu Meter
(+/- 3)

NA *

Material of Fabric Back
Cover / Material for
Backrest

Innner frame Upholstered
with Mesh fabric and
mounted on main assembly

Innner frame Upholstered
with Mesh fabric and
mounted on main assembly

Material of Fabric of Seat
Cover

100% polyester fabric 100% polyester fabric

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/AmNUjeLU4POMCDa2k-8RRBzd56L1Qbki1X4myV15OvQ


 

GSM/Thickness of fabric
±5%(Gram/Square meter)

250 gram *

GENERAL Chair Type central tilt synchronic central tilt synchronic

Tilt Tension Adjustment Yes *

Height Adjustment ±
5(mm)

up to 100 mm up to 100 mm

Arm With With

Type of backrest support Backrest With Adjustable
Lumber Support

Backrest With Adjustable
Lumber Support

Arm Type Adjustable Adjustable

Colour of Fabric for Seat and
Backrest

black *

Ergonomic Seat Design Yes Yes

Back type push back push back

Backrest is made of two pcs
injection moulded frame

Backrest is made of two pcs
injection moulded frame

*

backrest has separate
adjustable headrest

No No

Seat type fixed fixed

Seat is curved Yes *

Locking mechanism Yes *

Type of locking 3-Position Locking *

Number of arm
movement

4(up & down end left &
right)

4(up & down end left &
right)

Lumber support integrated integrated

DIMENSION Overall Chair Height
±15mm

950 950

Backrest Height ±15mm 520 520.0

Backrest Width ±10mm 480 480.0

Seat Height ±15 mm 420 420

Seat Width ±10 mm 480 480

Seat Depth ±10 mm 500 500.0

Thickness of MS Plate
Joining the under
structure with Seat

1.2 1.2

Thickness of Plywood
used in Seat ±1(mm)

15 mm 15 mm

Thickness of Plywood
used in Backrest ±
1(mm)

N.A N.A

Padestal Size (Diameter in
mm) +/- 10 mm

650 *

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam Used
in Seat in mm (+/- 2 mm)

45 mm 45 mm

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam Used
in Backrest IN MM (+/- 2
MM)

N.A N.A

                               3 / 5



 

WARANTEE Warrantee period in
number of years

1-year 1-year

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES YES

BIFMA Certification NO NO

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES YES

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

YES YES

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

YES YES

Green guard certification NO NO

Aiota - YES
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prafulla Kumar Sinha 829201,Regional Stores Piparwar
P. O. Bachra District. Chatra

44  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

                               4 / 5



 

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

