












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713187
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Urban Development Department

Organisation Name Directorate Of Municipal Administration

Office Name Marathwada

Total Quantity 135

Item Category Rain Coat

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central

                               1 / 4



 

/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Rain Coat ( 135 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Construction Sizes XL *

Trouser waist adjustable Full Round Elastic Type *

Colour Navy Blue *

Coating Material PVC PVC

Reflective Tape Reflective Tape at Back in 2
width

*

Hood Adjustable Tying Cord with Lock *

Bottom Adjustable-Jacket Pulling Type Cord with Lock *

Extra Cover on zipper Yes *

Wrist Adjustable Strip with Velcro *

Snap Fastener Yes *

Material Nylon Nylon

Unsupported Material Yes *

Joints All joints should be tapped
from inside with Heat seal,
transparent on all stitched
joints

*

Trouser Bottom
adjustable

Hook & Lock Type Hook & Lock Type

Hood available Yes *

Zipper Jacket Yes *

Specification Water Proof Ness at 60 CM
Water Column

No Leak *

List of Tests are to be
carried out at IRMRA, Thane
(Indian Rubber
Manufacturers Research
Institute) / ATIRA
(Ahmedabad) OR any other

(1) Tear Strength (Wrap &
Weft) (2) Breaking Strength
(Wrap & Weft) (3) Weight of
basic & coated fabric (4)
Resistance to Heat (Sample
should pass the Oven

*

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/A6YW2DV5VqThmTbe5e9fTmIxiJMPfy0js7iTCZx4GMk


 

NABL approved lab as per
relevant IS / Specification on
tender sample.

Method of testing as per IS
7016 (Part - VIII) / 1975) (5)
Water Proofness (6)
Identification of fabrics

Strenght of pocket (Load
upto 4.5 kg)

Yes *

Label Brand Name label,Size
tag,Wash Care Label

*

Specification confirming to
IS:4761-1968

Yes *

Breaking Strength as per IS
7016 (Part - II) / 1981

At Wrap Average 60 KGF ,At
Weft Average 40 KGF

*

Jacket-Pocket Hanging Cross Pocket Hanging Cross Pocket

Water Proof Ness at Joints of
Garment (At Tapped
Portion)

No Leak at 60 CM water
column

*

Logo Customisation
Available

No *

Fabric Thickness in mm 0.40-0.50 *

Tear Strength as per IS
7016 (Part - III) / 1975
Method A1

At Wrap 1.5 KGF (min.) , At
Weft 1.5 KGF (min.)

*

Pocket Zipper Yes *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rameshwar
Govindrao Kulkarni

431401,Parbhani City Municipal
Corporation, Main Building,
Station Road, Parbhani.

135  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 1% of total value.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase
preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is

                               3 / 4



 

not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 1 % of margin of purchase preference /price
band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 1% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

4.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

