












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705069
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Rajasthan

Total Quantity 18

Item Category lead acid battery

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as defined in
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for
supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an
MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in
relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

                               1 / 3



 

Lead Acid Battery ( 18 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Types of Lead Acid of
Battery

Small sized Valve Regulated
Lead -Acid Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 & 3)
with latest amendments

Small sized Valve Regulated
Lead -Acid Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 & 3)
with latest amendments

Nominal Voltage of
Battery (volts)

12.0 Volt 12.0 Volt

Material of container Polypropylene Polypropylene

Rated Capacity at C20
discharge (AH)

42 42

Warranty (Years) 2 Years 2 Years

Battery Condition Charged *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dimensions (L x W x H) (mm
x mm x mm)

As per relevant IS
Specifications

*

Volume of Electrolyte (ml) - *

Weight of Dry Battery (Kg)
shall be as per relevant IS:
Specn., corresponding Ah

Yes. *

No.of cells per Battery (No.) 6 Cells for 12 Volt battery *

Certifications Availability of Test Reports
from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accrediated Lab showing
conformity to the
specifications

Yes *

Address of the Lab - *

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Compulsory Registration
(CRS) of BIS for safety as
per IS 16046 as applicable.
Secondary Cells and
(Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-acid
Electrolytes-Safety
Requirements for Portable
sealed secondary cells, and
for Batteries made from
them for use in portable
applications

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/hVexdUanIYLNSW5wdgVCN4fNfYlVwhrf4JwA6kka8NA


 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gyan Mal Khatik 323303,Contracts & Material
Management, Rawatbhata
Rajasthan Site, Anushakti Via-Kota
(Rajasthan) Phone No.
01475-242002, 242048 Which is
about 60 Kms. away from Kota.

18  30

Special terms and conditions for category lead acid battery 

1.Battery serial number list shall be furnish by the seller along with the supply of the battery to Buyer

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

