












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706687

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name South Eastern Coalfields Limited

Office Name Secl Bilaspur Cg

Total Quantity 2000

Item Category desk pads-writing

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Desk Pads-writing ( 2000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Material Material of Cover of
Pad

Card Board Card Board

Material of Bottom
of pad

Grey Pulp Board Grey Pulp Board

Type Type of Pads Excutive Pad / Slip Pad Excutive Pad / Slip Pad

Type of Binding Stapple and cloth
bound

Stapple and cloth
bound

Type of Paper Offset paper
Conforming to IS:1848:
Latest

Offset paper
Conforming to IS:1848:
Latest

Dimension Width of Pad (mm) 126 126

Length of Pad (mm) 200 200

Grammage (GSM) Substance of Paper
(GSM)

60 60

Substance of Cover
Material

170 170

Substance of Bottom
Material of Pad

225 225

Colour Colour of Pages White *

Colour of Ruling Lines Black *

General Characteristics Wheather Rules /
Plain

Ruled Ruled

Space between Ruling
Lines (mm)

- *

Pages Per Pad Number of Pages
(Nos.)

20 20

Printing Printing As required by the
buyer

*

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sahil Watta 484555,L.K.SINGH, SECL
JOHILLA AREA,
NOWROZABAD UMARIA, MP-

2000  30

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/65OnLEXVxVME3LlOosqB5uqd6Jy2vTs6besKPQEFUNM


 

484555

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from

buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

