












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707873

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Rajasthan

Total Quantity 2000

Item Category Folders-file cover

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Folders-file Cover ( 2000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 3



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Material Material Coloured Grey Board *

Color Colour of file cover Yellow Green, Yellow, Khaki,
Orange

Conformity of grey
board to IS:2617

Yes *

Physical Characteristics Minimum GSM of
folder cover Sheet
(GSM)

380 380.0 - 450.0 Or higher

Minimum Length of
folder (mm)

350 350

Minimum Width of
folder (mm)

240 240

Minimum Width of flap
at bottom cover (mm)

35 *

Minimum Width of
buckram cloth at the
spine (mm)

50 *

General Properties Printing As per User
requirements

As per User
requirements

File suitable for paper
size

Foolscap *

No.of eyelet (Nos) 2 *

Location of eyelet Left top corner Left top corner
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gyan Mal Khatik 323303,Contracts & Material
Management, Rawatbhata
Rajasthan Site, Anushakti
Via-Kota (Rajasthan) Phone
No. 01475-242002, 242048
Which is about 60 Kms.
away from Kota.

2000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/FTDuPlKOgnroOq2svZ-3onwGUtvEaJyKAAROLBCxg10


 

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 10
samples for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

