












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705550

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Principal Chief Material Manager,north
Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur

Total Quantity 212

Item Category rubber welding hoses

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Rubber Welding Hoses ( 212 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to Indian
Standrad for Rubber
Hoses

IS:447 latest IS:447 latest

BIS Marked Yes Yes

CM/L No - *

Performance
Parameters

Reinforcement Synthetic fibres Natural Fibres
(i.e.braided textile),
Synthetic fibres

Nominal Length
(Metres)

20 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50

Nominal Bore Size
(mm)

8 5, 6.3, 8, 10, 12.5

Lining Thickness in mm
as per IS 443 latest

1.5 *

Colour Blue *

Packing in coil of 15
metres length as
Accounting Unit
(Nos)

Yes Yes

Warranty (in years) 1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

Cover Thickness in mm 1.0 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Jv68NLYpwAH9FWZxCKN7ZiN2Ws_LEExy32XPEFweTTg


 

as per IS 443 latest

Reports Availability of Type
Test Report covering
complete test
parameters as per
IS:447 latest (for
Rubber hose) from
any ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central
Gov. LAB.

Yes Yes, No

Name and address of
the Lab where test
Conducted.

- *

Test certificate No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Copies of certificates to
be provided to buyer
on demand at the time
of supplies (Applicable
if availability of test
report indicated as YES,
otherwise put NA)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ankit Gupta 273012,Office of the Deputy
Chief Materials Manager,
North Eastern Railway

168  30

2 Gaurav Kant 243122,Office of the Deputy
Chief Materials Manager,
General Stores Depot,North
Eastern Railway

41  30

3 Rupin Arya 243122,Office of the Senior
Material Manager, Diesel
Shed, Izzatnagar, North
Eastern Railway

3  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as

                               3 / 4



 

indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): More than 5 Lac
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Less than 5 Lac

4.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope One
year from date of supply (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the
bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this
compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

