












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708356

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 500000

Item Category surgical gloves

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  45 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  90 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 270000

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 2

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director
Block No.14, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Dr.Jivraj Mehta Bhavan,Old
sachivalaya, Gandhinagar. 382010
(Dr.suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Surgical Gloves ( 500000 pairs )

                               2 / 5



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Type of Surgical
Glove

Disposable surgical or
Gynaecological rubber
gloves conforming to IS
13422 (1992)-powder
free

Disposable surgical or
Gynaecological rubber
gloves conforming to IS
13422 (1992)-powder
free

Sterlity Sterlized Sterlized

Finish of outer surface Smooth *

Colour Translucent *

Colouring Agent No *

Use Single Single

Shelf Life in years 5 *

The product should
have at least 2/3 rd of
the total shelf life
available at the time of
supply

Yes *

STANDARDS Conformity to Indian
Pharmacopieia for
Sterility (if Sterlized)

Yes *

DIMENSIONS Size (Number) 6.0 ½ 6.0 ½

Thickness 0.24 0.24

MATERIAL Material Synthetic Rubber Latex Synthetic Rubber Latex

Lubricant / Material
used for surface
treatment

- *

Powdered Yes *

PH of aqueous extract
from rubber

6 *

PACKING Packed to maintain
sterlity during
shipping & storage
and permit opening
without
contamination of the
gloves

YES YES

No. of Gloves in a pack 2 *

MARKING ISI Marked YES *

CM/ L No. - *

REPORTS Submission of Test - *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/8yO1QtuGaw49mOXSTDPU2wbOpcEpUifHlaoilqjB0Yg


 

Reports on Form 39 or
from Central
Govt./NABL/IL AC
acredited Lab to prove
conformity to the
specifications at the
time of supply

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Katariya Mehul
Babubhai

382330,Plot No. 68-69,
G.I.D.C, Naroda Phase - 2,
Central Workshop, Naroda
Depot, Naroda, Dist.-
Ahmedabad.

500000  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

                               4 / 5



 

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

