












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/692583

  Dated: 01-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-20 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Civil Aviation

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Bureau Of Civil Aviation Security (bcas)

Office Name Central Delhi

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Desktop Computers

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Desktop Computers ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                             1 / 11



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Processor Processor Make Intel Intel

Processor
Generation

9 9.0 Or higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

6 6, 8 Or higher

Processor Base
Frequency (GHz)

3 *

Processor
Description

Intel Core i5 Intel Core i5, Intel Core
i7, Intel Core i9 Or
higher

Processor Number Intel Core i5 9500 Intel Core i5 8600, Intel
Core i5 8600K, Intel
Core i7 8700T, Intel
Core i7 7700K, Intel
Core i7 8700, Intel Core
i7 8700K, Intel Core i5
9500, Intel Core i5
9600, Intel Core i7
9700, Intel Core i9
9900, Intel Core i7
9700K, Intel Core i9
9900K, Intel Core i9
9900KS, Intel Core i9
9900KF, Intel Core i7
9700KF, Intel Core i7
9700F, Intel Core i7
8086K, Intel Core i5
9600K, Intel Core i5
9600KF Or higher

Out of Band
Management

NA *

Cache (MB) 9 *

Motherboard Chipset Series Intel H Series Intel H Series, Intel B
Series, Intel Q Series Or
higher

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
1) (Number)

3 *

Chipset Number Intel H370 Intel H310, Intel H370,
Intel B360, Intel Q 250,
Intel Q 270, Intel Q
370, Intel B 365 Or
higher

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
4) (Number)

0 *

                             2 / 11

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/RHgaRQdD-vooWJZP9-5x4pd_qDW3Dvy5gjP9MWMxqZI


 

Expansion Slots (PCIe x
16) (Number)

1 *

Expansion Slots (PCI)
(Number)

0 *

Expansion Slots (M Dot
2)

2 *

Graphics Graphics Type Dedicated/Discrete *

Graphic Card
Description

- *

Size of Memory in Case
of Dedicated Graphic
Card (GB)

2 *

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics
(MB)

- *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Windows 10
Professional

Windows 10
Professional

Recovery Image Media - *

OS Certification Windows *

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 8 8, 16, 32, 64 Or higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 2666 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

2 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

1 *

RAM Expandability
up to( using spare
DIMM Slots in GB)

32 32, 64, 128 Or higher

Storage Total Number of
Internal Bays available

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
inches internal Bays

0 *

Number of 3 point 5
inches Internal Bays

1 *

Number of 2 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

0 *

Number of 3 point 5
Inches Internal Bays
Populated

1 *

Type of Drives used
to populate the
Internal Bays

HDD HDD

Number of Internal 1 *

                             3 / 11



 

Bays populated with
HDD

Capacity of each HDD
(GB)

1000 @7200 rpm *

Total HDD Capacity
(GB)

1000 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000 Or higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSD

0 *

Capacity of each SSD
(GB)

0 *

Total SSD Capacity
(GB)

0 128, 256, 384, 512,
768, 0, 1024, 2048 Or
higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSHD

0 *

Capacity of each SSHD
(GB)

NA *

Total SSHD Capacity
in addition to 8 GB
Flash (GB)

0 500, 1000, 2000, 0 Or
higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Cabinet Cabinet Form Factor Tower (13.1 to 26
Litres)

Tower (13.1 to 26
Litres)

Cabinet Volume (Litres) - *

External Bays
(Number)

1 *

Optical Drive DVD R/W *

Internal Speaker Yes *

Audio-in Yes *

Audio-out Yes *

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in Yes *

Connectivity Wireless Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

Wi-Fi 802.11ac *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

Type of Ethernet Ports 10/100/1000 on board
Integrated Gigabit Port

*

Bluetooth Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Version of
Bluetooth Available

4.2 *

                             4 / 11



 

Ports Number of USB Version
2 Point 0 Ports

4 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 0 / 3 point 1,
Gen 1 Ports

4 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 1, Gen 2 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Type C
Ports

0 *

Number of Serial Ports 1 *

Number of Parallel
Ports

0 *

Number of VGA Ports 1 *

Number of HDMI Ports 1 *

Number of DP Ports 1 *

Monitor Model of the Monitor - *

Monitor Technology TN IPS, TN, VA Or higher

LED Backlit Monitor
Size (INCHES)

19.5 19.5, 21.5, 22, 23, 24,
27, 20, 23.8 Or higher

Monitor Resolution
(PIXELS)

1600 x 900 1600 x 900,
1920x1080, 1920 x
1200, 3200x1800,
3840 x 2160, 1280 x
1024, 2560 x 1440 Or
higher

TCO Certification for
Monitor

- *

Number of VGA Ports in
the Monitor

1 *

Number of HDMI Ports
in the Monitor

0 *

Number of Display
Ports in the Monitor

0 *

Availability of Webcam
integrated with Monitor

No *

If Yes, Resolution of
Webcam

NA *

Availability of Speakers
integrated with Monitor

No *

If Yes, Number of
Speakers available

0 *

Power Power Supply Capacity
(Watt)

- *

Minimum Power
Efficiency Range (%)

85 - 89 *

                             5 / 11



 

Certification ROHS Compliance Yes *

BEE / Energy Star for
the given Model

Yes *

Input Devices Mouse Connectivity Wired *

Type of Mouse Optical Scroll *

Keyboard Connectivity Wired *

Type of Keyboard Standard with Rupee
Symbol

*

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

5 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

20 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

80 *

Warranty On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 3, 5, 4 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Danda Prasada
Rao

560300,Alpha-3, First Floor
Bengaluru International
Airport Devanahalli Karnatak

2  30

Special terms and conditions for category Desktop Computers 

1.As per notification of MEITY circulated vide letter no. F.No.33(1)/2017-IPHW..dated
:14/09/2017, the minimum local content should be 45.percent to qualify as local or domestic
manufacturer.\n\nSeller has to ensure that operating system software etc comes preloaded
with machine from respective OEM . Any deviation in respect of genuinity and authenticity of
OS will attract severe penalty on part of seller as law of the land and contractual provisions.
Buyer are also requested to verify the key no of OS etc with server of Microsoft/Linux before
accepting machines to avoid complexity at latter stage.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:

                             6 / 11



 

Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): 1
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 1

2.SLBR52
3.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before

dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

4.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

5.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

                             7 / 11



 

by buyer
1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

6.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the

                             8 / 11



 

bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

7.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

8.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

9.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

10.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

11. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

12.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

13. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

14.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

15.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the

                             9 / 11



 

percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

16.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

17.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

18.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

19. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
20.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

21.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

22.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

23.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of e payment
payable at yes.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

24.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of e payment A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit
can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of
EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on
the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

25.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of e payment payable at online. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload
scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the
original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

26.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

                            10 / 11



 

27.PESCO Certificate: PESCO Certificate shall be mandatory for procurement of bid items.
28.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of

Servers/Desktop Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier
against warranty replacement.

29.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

30.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

31.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
32.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            11 / 11

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

