












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712902
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name National Rural Health Mission (nrhm) State Health Society

Office Name Commissionarate Of Health

Total Quantity 28

Item Category Portable Ventilator

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  70 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the

                               1 / 6



 

bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Portable Ventilator ( 28 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards UMDNS Code 18-098 *

Certifications for the
product

- *

Certification number and
date

- *

Confirmity to quality
management standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to electrical
safety standards

IEC 60601-1 or ISO
80601-2-12 or BIS
equivalent

*

Vibration resistance
certification

EN 794-3 EN 794-3

Aviation Standards: Should have airworthiness
as per RTCA DO-160D
aviation standards

Should have airworthiness
as per RTCA DO-160D
aviation standards, NA in
case not compatible for air
craft use

Performance Parameters Scope of item Portable transport
ventilators are defined as
mechanical ventilators that
are specifically designed to
facilitate intrahospital
and/or interfacility transport
of ventilated patients. These
devices are relatively small
and lightweight, and can be
hand-carried if necessary
during transport. Transport
ventilators may provide
basic or advanced modes of
ventilation for neonatal,
pediatric, and/or adult
patients

*

Clinical application Portable transport
ventilators are designed to
take the place of manual
ventilation or "bagging"
during emergency or
transport situations

*

Patient type Pediatric and neonatal Pediatric and neonatal

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/qqwv2kOtXE9Rbp1RcsGj5YLajyuKjbWhtjK2TG0pGLU


 

Tidal volume in ml 20 ml or less- 300 ml or
more

50 ml or less - 1500 ml or
more, 20 ml or less- 300 ml
or more

Respiration rate,
breaths/min

Upto 80 *

Trigger mechanism Pressure or flow *

FiO2 % 21-100 *

Inspiratory flow rate, L/min Upto 120 *

Inspiratory pressure, cm
H2O

Upto 50 *

IE ratio Adjustable or infinitely
variable

1:3 to 1:1, Adjustable or
infinitely variable

PEEP/CPAP, cm H2O 0-20 *

Pressure support, cm H2O Upto 35 or more *

Panel lock Yes *

Operating modes Assist/control modes A/C volume breaths and A/C
pressure breaths

*

SIMV modes SIMV volume breaths , SIMV
pressure breaths,
Spontaneous/CPAP mode ,
CPAP pressure support , Non-
invasive ventilation , Apnea-
backup vent mode

*

Monitored/ Displayed
Parameters

Peak inspiratory pressure,
Mean airway pressure, PEEP
pressure, Tidal volume,
Minute volume, FiO2,
Respiratory rate, Inspiratory
time, Expiratory time, IE
ratio

*

Patient Alarms Low/high FiO2, Low/high
minute volume , Low
inspiratory pressure , High
pressure, Low PEEP , High
PEEP , Apnea, Continuous
high pressure/occlusion,
Inverse IE, High respiratory
rate, Breathing circuit
disconnect

*

Equipment Alarms Gas-supply failure , Power
failure, Vent inoperative,
Low battery, Self-diagnostic

*

Type of display LED LCD, LED, TFT

Size of display in inches 4 *

Patient Transport Capability Mounting of the
equipment

Rail mounted Rail mounted, Trolley
mounted

Rail mount or trolley mount
should be of the same OEM

Yes *

Hand carrying during
transport

Yes *

MRI compatibility of
equipment

Yes Yes, No

Magnetic field strength ,
T

3 T 3 T, NA for non MRI
compatible

                               3 / 6



 

Guass line restriction in G
(in case of non MRI
compatible put NA)

- *

Built in air source Air compressor Air compressor, Turbine

Should work with External high pressure
source/cylinders and low
flow Oxygen supply

*

Power source Mains and battery operated Mains and battery operated

Battery type Li-ion *

Should be able to work
with car / ambulance
battery

Yes Yes

Power supply NA for battery operated 220-240 V , 50 Hz AV single
phase, NA for battery
operated

Operating time in hrs More than 5 hrs More than 3 hrs, More than
5 hrs

Weight (including battery) in
kgs

3.75 *

Warranty in years 5 5

Additional Accessories Reusable silicon
breathing circuits

2 adult, 2 pediatric , 2
neonatal

2 adult, 2 pediatric , 2
neonatal

NV mask 2 adult, 2 pediatric , 2
neonatal

2 adult, 2 pediatric , 2
neonatal

Length of Power cord in m 3 m *

Charging adapter to be
supplied

Yes *

Reports Number of supplies in
Central /State/PSU Govt
Hospitals ( Hint: Seller
should supply a performace
certificate of the device to
the buyer incase
demaneded after placement
of order)

>3 *

OEM/Reseller ( if supplied by
reseller shall ensure
uninterputed availabilty of
all spares for 10 years)

Yes *

Availability of toll free
facility for technical support
maintened by OEM or
authorized agencies

Yes *

User/Technical/Maintenance
manuals to be supplied in
English in hard and soft
copy

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment and training to
be provided after
completing supplies before
acceptance

Yes *

The Principal Manufacturer
must have direct
Presence/approved service
center In India

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

Copies of reports and
certifications to be furnished
to buyer on demand at time
of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ashish Kumar Muley 382010,GVK Emergency
Management and Research
Institute Gujarat – 108 Emergency
Management Centre, Naroda-
Kathwada Road, Naroda,
Ahmedabad, Pin 382 330, Gujarat,
India.

28  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

7.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

                               5 / 6



 

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

13.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

