












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/689138

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Naps

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Office Bags and Laptop Bags

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 5



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Office Bags And Laptop Bags ( 100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TYPE Type of Bag Messenger Bag Messenger Bag

MATERIAL Main Outside
Material

Polyester Polyester

Main Outside
Material Mass (gram
per square meter )

100 100

Outside Material
Thickness, in case of
leather ( min ) (mm)

1.2 1.2

Inside Material Polyester Polyester

Inside Material mass
(gram per square
meter )

50 50

Inside Material
Thickness, in case of
leather ( min ) (mm)

1.2 1.2

Material of Straps /
Tapes / Webbing

Polyester Polyester

Slide Fasteners Brass Brass

Side Pocket Material
( For Bottle )

Same as main outside
material with elastic

Same as main outside
material with elastic

Backside Material (
For Backpack )

Same as main outside
material with padding

Same as main outside
material with padding

Buckle Material Polyester Polyester

COLOUR Colour / Design Black *

DIMENSIONS AND
MASS

Mass of Bag 2 *

Height 40 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/IBA950uWh_gq0XWis18jiWQ9lByHFpZTavk7bgi_ti4


 

Width 40 *

Depth 20 *

Volume 35 *

CAPACITY Weight Carrying
Capacity ( kg )

20 *

LOCK Provision for Padlock No No

Type of Lock Not Applicable Not Applicable

Material of Lock Not Applicable Not Applicable

CARRYING OPTIONS Top Handle Top Handle with
Padding

Top Handle with
Padding

Hanging Strap (
Sling )

Hanging Strap with
padding

Hanging Strap with
padding

Shoulder Straps (
Backpack )

Shoulder Straps with
padding

Shoulder Straps with
padding

Shoulder Straps are
provided with buckles
to adjust length

Yes *

COMPARTMENTS /
POCKETS

Number of Inside
Compartments ( Full
Pockets )

3 3

Number of inside
Patch Pockets

3 3

Number of Inside
Compartments with
Zippers ( Slide
Fasteners )

3 3

Laptop compartment
( Sleeve )

Laptop Compartment
with Padding

Laptop Compartment
with Padding

Number of External
Pockets

3 3

Number of External
Pockets with Zipper
( Slide Fasteners )

3 3

Water Bottle Pocket No *

OTHER REQUIREMENT Ergonomically designed Yes *

Rain Cover for Bag Yes Yes

Rain Cover Material PU Coated Nylon Fabric PU Coated Nylon Fabric

Earphone Hole No *

Water Resistance Yes Yes

Webbing
Reinforcement on load
bearing seams / areas
like Shoulder Strap and
Top Handle attachment
etc

No *

                               3 / 5



 

Provision of Piping
at the Edges of the
Bag

Yes Yes

Telescopic Extension
Trolley

Yes Yes

Material of
Telescopic Extension

Not Applicable Not Applicable

Wheel Material Not Applicable *

Number of Wheels Not Applicable *

Material of Tyre Rubber *

LOGO AND MARKING Logo/ Totem Marking
as buyer's
requirement

No No

Type of Logo Not Applicable Not Applicable

WARRANTY Warranty ( Years ) 1 1

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

No No

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Not Applicable *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

No No

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               4 / 5



 

ng Officer

1 Gaurav Singh 202389,NARORA ATOMIC
POWER STATION PO NAPP
TOWNSHIP NARORA
BULANDSHAHR UP

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

3. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

4.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

5.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

