












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704366

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Steel

Department Name Nmdc Limited

Organisation Name Nmdc Limited

Office Name Hyderabad

Total Quantity 7

Item Category buses

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Buses ( 7 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 7



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Seating
Capacity (Nos.)

57 57.0 - 60.0 Or higher

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI *

Colour of the Vehicle - *

Vehicle Colour Type Solid Solid

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)

6.71 6.71 - 50.0 Or higher

Top Speed (Kmph) 80 *

Acceleration
(0-100KmPH) (sec)

67.23 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
(Degree)

- *

Air Conditioning Without Without

Engine BHP@rpm
(Hp@rpm)

- 180hp2200rpm

Engine Torque
Max@rpm (N-
m@rpm)

- 590nm1000-2000rpm

No. of Cylinder in
Engine (Nos.)

4 More than 4.0 Or
higher

Type of Vehicle Body Chassis Frame Chassis Frame

No. of Doors (Nos.) 1 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs.)

250 *

Length of Vehicle
Body (mm)

11745 More than 11745.0 Or
higher

Width of Vehicle
Body (mm)

2600 More than 2600.0 Or
higher

Height of Vehicle
Body (mm)

3280 More than 3280.0 Or
higher

Ground Clearance
(mm)

240 More than 240.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base (mm) 5700 More than 5700.0 Or
higher

Boot Space
Availability

Yes Yes

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/zZUn3QAbS48G-xqCgcEjsmg1PHTT-HvxFhQF0u64fOE


 

Boot Space (if Yes)
(Ltrs.)

2250 *

Kerb Weight (Kg) 9620 9620.0

Gross Vehicle Weight
(Kg)

16200 *

Size Of Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Wheel (mm) - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

No. of Speed/
Forward Gears
(Nos.)

6 More than 6.0 Or
higher

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel Drive (Rear
Wheel)

Two Wheel Drive (Rear
Wheel)

Drive Axle Rear Rear

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius (mm) 10600 Less than 10600.0 Or
lower

Vehicle Brake ABS
Fitted

Yes Yes

Front Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Vehicle Air Intake
System

TurboCharged TurboCharged

Speed Governor with
valid certification

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Battery Warranty
(Month)

12 More than 12.0 Or
higher

Warranty Time
(Month)

12 More than 12.0 Or
higher

Unlimited Warranty
Distance (Km)during
warranty period

No No

Warranty Distance
(Km) If not Unlimited
during warranty period

100000 *

No. Of Free Service 3 *

Transportation
Charges including
transient insurance
and temporary
registration (Rs/Km)

- 18

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- aapn0263date19.03.20
20

                               3 / 7



 

Conformity to GSR
287(E)

Yes Yes

Constructional
Parameters

Body Specification - *

Hat type tube diameter 0 *

Hat type tube
diameter/or other
frame( thickness)

0 *

Base Frame Structure
ISMC/ for Monocoque

yes *

Exterior Panel
thickness of side body
and roof/ for
Monocoque

0.95 *

Interior Panel thickness
of side body and roof/
for Monocoque

0.72 *

Flooring Made Out from
ISI Marked 12 mm thick
BWR grade plywood
covered with
vinyle/Aluminium sheet

Yes *

Seating Plan Yes *

Doors Yes *

Glasses No *

Top portion of fixed
glass window & bottom
portion in two halves in
sliding pattern

Yes *

Passenger
Compartment - Roof
light

Yes *

Over Head Storage
cabinet/Railing,

Yes *

Hand Rail,Hanging
Hook,

Yes *

Day and Night View
Mirror

No *

Fire Extingusher Yes *

BIS marked
Pneumatic Tyres and
tubes for both front
and rear

Yes Yes

Driver Airbag No *

Exhaust Fan No *

Central Locking No *

First Aid Box, Swiveling Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

Fan, etc

Other fitments:-
Electric bell and Siren

No *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mohammad
Mehboob Ullah

494556,NMDC LTD,
KIRANDUL COMPLEX,
BAILADILA,KIRANDUL PO,
CHATTISGARH

7  60

Special terms and conditions for category buses 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

                               5 / 7



 

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder

                               6 / 7



 

must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total
value.

4.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

