












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/45121

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Chandigarh

Department Name Municipal Corporation, Chandigarh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Chandigarh

Total Quantity 390

Item Category Hopper Tipper Dumper

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1540 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12324 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 6162000

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 18

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
SDO
Chandigarh, Municipal Corporation, Chandigarh, N/A,
(Vijay Premi)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hopper Tipper Dumper ( 390 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Chassis Certification ARAI *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

At the time of supply of
the equipment, the
chassis should not be
more than 6 months
old

Yes *

Generic Parameters Type of TIPPER Garbage Tipper Garbage Tipper

Type of TIPPER if other
tipper ,please declare
type of Tipper,

- *

Make of Chassis - *

Type of Chassis Frame - *

Category of Vehicle
for which Chassis to
be used

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Type of Chasssis Chassis with Facecowl *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Fuel Consumption (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Kmpl)

17.46 *

Speed, Max (Km/Hr) 80 *

Max Engine Power
BHP (BHP@rpm)

70 Any applicable numeric
value

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Power

4000 *

Max Engine Torque
(N-M@rpm)

140 More than 140.0 Or
higher

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Torque

1800 *

Main Engine
Aspiration

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Turbocharged
Intercooled

No. of Cylinder in Main
Engine (Nos)

4 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

35 *

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/eb5GrKFGqyh_PNQBcCplWYylPOwozZuENIEB3qzKN0M


 

Gradeability of Vehicle
with load( %)

28.11 *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

175 *

Wheel Base (mm) 2450 *

Kerb Weight (Kg) 1265 *

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

2565 More than 2565.0 Or
higher

Type of BIS MARKED
Vehicle Tyre

Radial *

Chassis
Transmission System

Manual Manual

Number of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 *

Type of Steering Power Operated Power Operated

Turning Radius,Min
(mm)

5250 Less than 5250.0 Or
lower

Speed Governers/ECU Yes *

ABS Fitted No *

Front Vehicle Brake - *

Rear Vehicle Brake - *

Type of Clutch - *

Tipping Angle (Degree) 45 *

Tipper Container cap
acity/Volume(cubic
metres)

3.3 3.2 - 20.0 Or higher

Consructional
Parameters

Size Of Front Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size Of Rear Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size of Wheel (mm) 355.6 *

Tipper body Pivot
length (mm)

1975 *

Tipper body Length
(mm)

2700 *

Tipper Body Height
(mm)

940 *

Overall Height of Tipper
from Ground (mm)

1945 *

Body Plate Thickness
(mm)

1.6 *

Main Frame Thickness
(mm)

3 *

                               4 / 8



 

Hydraulic System Yes *

Tipping Hydraulic
Cylinders(Make)

- *

Hydraulic System
Driven by

Main Engine *

Tipper Container
Material

Mild Steel Mild Steel

Thickness of sheet from
tipper Collector
Container Made (mm)

1.6 *

Dumping Height (mm) 900 *

Engine Oil Pressure
Level Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

Fuel Gauge Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

Engine Cooling Liquid
Temperature Indicator
in Control Panel

Yes *

Operating Hour Meter No *

Locking/Unlocking of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Lowering/Lifting of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Counter Weight No *

If yes Counter Weight
(kg)

0 *

Paint Automotive Paint *

Performance
Parameters

Standard Sparewheel
and Tool Kit

Yes *

Warranty Time
(Month)

12 12.0

No. Of Free Service
(Nos)

3 *

Battery Warranty
(Months)

12 12, 24, 36 Or higher

Warranty Distance
(Km)(Unlimited during
warranty Period)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               5 / 8



 

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 VIJAY PREMI 160017,Municipal
Corporation, New Deluxe
Building, Sector 17
Chandigarh

390  120 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 15 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 10 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

                               6 / 8



 

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test

Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): ISO, ARAI, Manufacturer's
Authorisation.

15.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

16.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

17.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name Chandigarh smart City Limited Account No. 
00000036793881352 IFSC Code SBIN0018249 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch
address HNI Branch , Sector 9, Chandigarh. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number
and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer.

                               7 / 8



 

Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG
within 15 days of award of contract.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

