












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/675924

  Dated: 29-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 09-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-09 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name Department Of Higher Education

Organisation Name Indian Institute Of Technology (iit)

Office Name Bhubaneswar

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Domestic Blenders / Dough Kneader

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 4



 

Domestic Blenders / Dough Kneader ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Material Material of Bowl Stainless Steel 304 *

Material of Rotating
arm

Stainless Steel 304 *

Base Body Stainless Steel 304 *

Capacity of Design Capacity of bowl (kg) 20 20

Arm shaft Motor
location

Side Top, Side

Dough Material
Mechanism

Rotating arm only Rotating arm only

Dough rotating
Device

Blade Blade, Arm, Spiral

Dimension Height of bowl 125 125, 200

Bowl inner Diameter 250 250, 400

Bowl Thickness 1.0 1.0, 1.2

Rotating arm length 100 75, 100

Rotating arm
diameter

10 10, 20

RPM of the Arm
shaft

10 10

RPM of Bowl 10 10

Rotating arm shaft
Motor Power(hp)

1.0 1.0

Bowl motor
power(hp)

1.0 1.0

Performance Power(in Watt) 500 500

Voltage Single phase 230 V Single phase 230 V

Drain outlet
provided for waste
disposal

No Yes, No

Warranty Warranty (Years) 2 2
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_mNT_twtHybWX9zIopp8_rKC67Fxn6uEbUX_WA5JX_g


 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajasekhar Bendi 752050,Indian Institute of
Technology Bhubaneswar
Argul, Jatni Dist-Khurdha,
Bhubaneswar-752050

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

3. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

9.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by
the Government of India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification
of GST concession and the conditions for eligibility of concession are met by the institution.
A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the Seller after award of the Contract.
Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the Concessional rate of GST.

                               3 / 4



 

Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : 45 / 2017 - Central Tax (Rate_ dated 14/11/2017

10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

13.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf
https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

