












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713284
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name National Rural Health Mission (nrhm) State Health Society

Office Name Commissionarate Of Health

Total Quantity 28

Item Category Cardiac Monitor with defibrillator

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  150 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the

                               1 / 6



 

bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Cardiac Monitor With Defibrillator ( 28 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to Certification - *

Certification number and
date

- *

Confirmity to
Manufactures
Certification

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 ISO 9001 & ISO 13485

Conformity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-2-4 or Equivalent
BIS

*

Performance Parameters Capability parameter of
defibrillator

ECG monitoring,external
defibrillation, external
pacing (transcutaneous),
internal defibrillation and
recording

ECG monitoring,external
defibrillation, external
pacing (transcutaneous),
internal defibrillation and
recording

Technology of defibrillator Biphasic technology *

Modes in defibrillator Automated external
defibrillation and manual

Automated external
defibrillation and manual

Maximum energy selection
in joules

200 *

Capability of ECG Monitoring ECG leads , multi function
electrodes , paddles

*

Number of wave-forms 4 4

Patient compatibility to
defibrillate

Adult ,pediatric patients Adult ,pediatric patients,
Pediatric

Type of display TFT TFT

Size of display screen in
inch

8.4 *

Provision to display ECG
waveform on bright high
resolution display

Yes *

Facility to have
synchronized cardio
version

Yes Yes

Ability to display CPR
index on screen real time

Yes Yes

Ability to filter out CPR
artefacts to see
organised rhythms

Yes Yes

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ogtaFKyFPuPaWH6t8Jb_nsRJvBJfbotqkTcGWR-fgpw


 

without interrupting
chest compression

Provision of within built
rechargeable battery

Yes *

Battery backup to deliver
number of shocks at
maximum energy

50 *

Weight of defibrillator with
battery and paddles in Kg

6.5 *

Provision of in built
recorder

Yes Yes

Provision of printing ECG
trace & stored
information

Yes Yes

Facility of External non-
invasive pacing

Yes Yes

Type of external
transcutaneous pacing
modes

Both Demand mode and
fixed mode

Both Demand mode and
fixed mode

Pulse width of External
non-invasive pacing in
milli seconds

NA NA

Ability to measure chest
compression rate and
depth in real time with
visual feedback on
screen with rate and
depth indicator

Integrated with defibrillator Integrated with defibrillator

Facility to monitor EtCO2 Yes Yes

Facility to monitor NIBP Yes Yes

Facility to monitor SPO2 Yes Yes

Upgradability to monitor
EtCO2

Yes Yes

Upgradability to monitor
NIBP

Yes Yes

Upgradability to monitor
SPO2

Yes Yes

ECG monitoring Using 12 leads Using 12 leads

Provision of user selectable
alarm settings

Yes *

The machine should work
on mains as well as on
rechargeable battery

Yes *

Ability to select energy from
paddles

Yes *

Ability to charge and
discharge through paddles
as well as from main unit

Yes *

Facility for internal
defibrillation

Yes Yes

Charging time for maximum
energy in seconds

7 *

Mechanism of self test of
unit

Automatic and manual *

                               3 / 6



 

Unit should do self test with
facility to give printout of
defibrillator testing report
and also have code ready
indicator on unit

Yes *

Provision of stainless
steel trolley with
lockable castors

Yes Yes

Suitability of defibrillator
for transport on ground
(ambulance)

Yes Yes

Defibrillator suitable to
use at high altitudes and
in air craft

Yes Yes

Defibrillator should
display selected energy

Yes Yes

Defibrillator should
display delivered energy

Yes Yes

Suitability of defibrillator
for transportation in air
(aircraft)

Yes Yes

Availaibility of suitable
protection for dust and
water

Yes Yes

Accessories Li-ion Battery 1 1

ECG cable 2 2

NIBP pediatric cuff with
hose

1 1

NIBP adult cuff with hose 1 1

Reusable airway adaptor
to be used with ETCO2
main stream / side
stream sensor and cable

Not provided Not provided

Disposable airway
adpater with EtCO2
mainstream sensor and
cable

2 each for incubated and
non incubated patient

2 each for incubated and
non incubated patient

External defibrillator
paddles (pediatric in
built in adult)

Not provided Not provided

Multi Function
Defibrillator &
Monitoring pads/gel
sheets

5 5

Recorder paper roll 10 10

Reusable CPR feedback
sensor/or similar product
reused

Not provided Not provided

Miscellaneous Parameters Warranty in years 3 3

Original User / Technical
manuals to be supplied in
English in hard and soft
copy

Yes *

Original copy of operating
and service manuals to be
supplied in English in hard

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

and soft copy

Calibration and preventive
maintenance certificate has
to be provided as per
requirement

Yes *

Installation, Demonstration
and training to be provided
at consignee end at any
part of country

Yes *

The Principal Manufacturer
Must Have Direct
Presence/approved service
center In India

Yes *

Advanced maintenance task
required shall be
documented and
procedures required for
local calibration and routine
maintenence and list of imp
spare parts with accessories
along with part numbers to
be furnished

Yes *

Availabilty of toll free facility
for technical support
maintened by OEM or
authorized agencies

Yes *

Provide Certificate from the
principal that spare parts
will be available from next
10 years at the time of
supplies to the buyer

Yes *

Copies of all certifications to
be provided to buyer on
demand at time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ashish Kumar Muley 382010,GVK Emergency
Management and Research
Institute Gujarat – 108 Emergency
Management Centre, Naroda-
Kathwada Road, Naroda,
Ahmedabad, Pin 382 330, Gujarat,
India.

28  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25

                               5 / 6



 

percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

7.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

