












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709376

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Aradhpur Malda West Bengal

Total Quantity 10

Item Category Emporium Products

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Emporium Products ( 10 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ORGANISATION Type of organisation
offering the
Emporium Products

Private Entity Private Entity

Name of Organisation - *

PRODUCT Name of the Product
Category

Handloom Products Handloom Products

Name of the
Subcategory

- *

Name of the Product - *

SKU Code SKU Code - *

DESCRIPTION Description - *

DIMENSIONS Dimensions ( mm ) - *

MASS Mass - *

MATERIAL Material - *

COLOUR Colour - *

OTHER DETAILS Other Details ( if any ) - *

APPROVAL OF PRICE Whether the price is
approved by
Government Agency

Yes Yes

If yes, name of the
price approving agency

- *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/wJqizKz4ZyzqgpodOmGgiQd-HhZzZnLQJWrjmTWBXVU


 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anant Kumar 788127,60 BN BSF, ADM
BASE DHOLCHERA

10  30

Special terms and conditions for category Emporium Products 

1.This product category has been specially created on GeM for Direct and PAC buying of
handloom products, handicrafts products and gift articles etc. The procurement under this
category is limited to RS 50,000/- for Direct buying and unlimited value for PAC buying. By
uploading any product under this category, the seller undertakes that there is no predefined
category available on GeM for the offered item. While making procurement under this
category, Buyer also has to undertake that category of item selected is not otherwise
available on GeM for competitive procurement. Any procurement from this category in
violation of these guidelines will render the contract so concluded as null and void. Since
there are no defined parameters to compare the products of different OEMs/ Sellers, Buyer
has to be doubly sure about reasonableness of price of the product being procured. Any
false claim by seller about product specifications and about rate having been approved by
any government agency will be treated as a Severe Deviation under the Incident
Management Policy of the GeM.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               3 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

http://www.tcpdf.org

