












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706174

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Hydro Power

Organisation Name Nhpc Limited

Office Name Salal Power Station Jyotipuram Reasi Jk

Total Quantity 8

Item Category modular electrical enclosure switch board boxes for
modular type accessories

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

                               1 / 4



 

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Modular Electrical Enclosure Switch Board Boxes For Modular Type
Accessories ( 8 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Switch board boxes
for installation of
Modular Type of
electrical
accessories

With Frame Plate With Frame Plate

Materiel of switch
board boxes

Galvanised Iron Sheet Galvanised Iron Sheet

Number of modules
which can be
accomodated and
configuration
defined as below (
Ax B x C)

Two Module (1 x 1 x 2
M)

Four Module (1 x 2 x 2
M), Two Module (1 x 1 x
2 M)

Minimum size of the
box ( L mm x W mm
x W mm)

210 mm x 75 mm x 50
mm

135 mm x 75 mm x 50
mm, 210 mm x 75 mm
x 50 mm

Matching Cover
Plate

With With

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/XQzB6d6JkRFVv5WeiiqNq-_25rIXsvBq2KRQ4jvb1mg


 

Matching Frame
Plate

With With

CONSTRUCTIONAL Switch Board Box
frame plate and cover
plate shall be of
configuration A X B X C
where A-Number of
rows B-Number of
opening C-size of
opening that is 1M or
2M (1M is the normal
width of the switch )
(2M is the normal width
of 3 pin socket as seen
from the front)

Yes *

Thickness of Material
(mm)

1.0 mm or higher for
Galvanized Iron Sheet

*

Type of installtion Indoor *

Provision of earthing Yes *

Holes with knook out
for the entry of cable
on all sides

Yes *

Switch board boxes
shall have proper
threading for fixing the
frame plate and shall
be supported with
fixing screws made of
NiCr plated brass or
stainless steel

Yes *

Materail of the Cover
Plate

Polycarbonate
Electrical Grade

*

Colour: Matching with
the accessories

White *

Mirror Finish surface of
the cover plate

Yes *

Cover plate Shall be
clip on Type

Yes *

Cover Plate shall be
Snap fit which shall
withstand at least 5
operations of fixing and
removing causing no
damage to the
component nor they
shall fall loose

Yes *

Interchangeability of
the cover plate

Yes *

All the switch board
boxes, Frame Plate and

Yes *

                               3 / 4



 

Cover Plate shall be
indelibly marked with
manufacturers name /
trade mark

Colour of frame plate - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mukesh Chandra
Arya

182312,Senior Manager
Stores Office, Salal Power
station colony, Jyotipuram,
Distt. Reasi, J&K

8  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

