












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708325

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Agriculture And Farmers Welfare

Department Name Department Of Agricultural Research And Education
(dare)

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Rajendra Prasad Central Agril University Bihar

Total Quantity 30

Item Category ISI Marked HDPE /PP Bags For Packaging Foodgrains

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 6



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

ISI Marked HDPE /PP Bags For Packaging Foodgrains ( 30 bale )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC BIS Marked
Confirming to BIS
No.

IS 14887-2014: Latest
(For 50 Kg Bag
Capacity)

IS 14887-2014: Latest
(For 50 Kg Bag
Capacity)

In addition to marking
on bag as per IS , it is
mandatory on the part
of supplier to print full
name alongwith
manufacturing place on
each bag.

YES *

Accounting/ Selling unit Bale *

Number of bags per
bale. (Nos)

500 BAGS *

In addition to marking
on bale as per IS, the
bale shall also be
provided with marking
of Supply Order
Number and date,
consignee name and

YES *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/GmwFX_yiQgOdcH4Q9VH9OUvaQnoC9Jdrw_DxnQ4J0TI


 

destination

Colour White *

RAW MATERIAL Raw material High Density
Polyethylene (HDPE)

*

The raw material to be
mixed for
manufacturing the
bags shall be as a) 95.0
(+/- 1) % HDPE/ PP
virgin granules of
W-50A009A-G-LENE
HDPE Grade of GAIL for
HDPE or equivalent and
Grade 1030RG of IOCL
for PP or equivalent. b)
2.5% of UV additive
master batch with at
least 20% active UV
polymer (HALS Type).
Active UV additive
content shall therefore
be 0.5 (+/- 0.02) %. c)
2% maximum of other
additive master
batches like anti
fibrillation master
batch/ CaCO3 fillers. d)
0.5(+/- 0.1) % TiO2
additive based master
batch.

Yes *

The polymer and UV
additive used shall be
declared

- *

CONSTRUCTION Packing Capacity
(kg); Inside Length
(mm); Inside Width
(mm); Mass of Sack
(gm)

30 kg; 810 mm; 510
mm; 88 gm

30 kg; 810 mm; 510
mm; 88 gm

Ends per dm (Nos) 48 *

Picks per dm (Nos) 48 *

Anti slip weave pattern Yes *

HDPE/ PP Sacks shall
be woven as a tube on
circular looms from
HDPF/ PP tapes having
width of 2.5 mm.

YES *

Loom Type - *

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

Yes *

BIS LICENSE / CML No. - *

                               3 / 6



 

BIS marking Yes *

PERFORMANCE Ash content
(maximum) (%)

2.2% *

WARANTEE WARANTEE PERIOD IN
NUMBER OF YEARS

1 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajeev Kumar 848125,Dr. Rajendra Prasad
Central Agricultural
University, Pusa,
Samastipur, Bihar

30  20

Special terms and conditions for category ISI Marked HDPE /PP Bags For Packaging
Foodgrains 

1.Special Terms and Conditions for HDPE PP bags
1.Price variation Since GeM portal has dynamic pricing; there is no Price Variation

clause applicable for HDPE PP bags.
2.Delivery period Standard Delivery Period for HDPE PP Bags shall be 30 days. Sellers

can dynamically change quantity on offer and are required to offer quantity that they
can delivery at consignee location on free delivery to consignee basis within 30 days.

3. ISI Marking Only ISI marked HDPE PP bags of sizes as per BIS only can be offered on
GeM. No seller is allowed to offer non-BIS marked bags. Seller has to mandatorily
indicate his BIS License number while offering HDPE PP bags on GeM. Non-compliant
products shall be removed immediately and such firms will be liable for
administrative action.

4.Time for consignee end inspection Normally GeM allows 10 days time for consignee
to get stores tested / certified. However in case of HDPE PP bags, 21 days time is
allowed for testing / inspection at consignee end.

5.Barcoding Sellers have to mandatorily mark the bales with suitable Bar Code for
ensuring traceability. The bar code shall have necessary information including sellers
name and address, BIS License No., GeM Contract No. and name and address of
buyer and consignee.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of

                               4 / 6



 

Drawing.
2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 5
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

