












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/701839

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Jammu And
Kashmir

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Jammu And Kashmir

Total Quantity 400000

Item Category Microscopic slides

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  40 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 4



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 40% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Microscopic Slides ( 400000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Standards

As per IS 3099 (Part -
2): 1992 latest
amendment

*

BIS marked Yes Yes

Performance
Parameters

Purpose of Microscope
slides

Microscope Slides are
used for transmitted
light microscopy in the
visible spectral range

*

Refractive Index of
Slides

nₑ 1.53 ± 0.02 *

Thickness of the
slides in mm

1.15 mm to 1.35 mm 0.95 mm to 1.15 mm,
1.15 mm to 1.35 mm,
1.35 mm to 1.55 mm

Length of the glass
slides in mm

76 76

Width of the glass
slides in mm

26 26

Material Parameters Material of the glass
slides

Transparent and
Colourless Glass

*

Additional Parameters The number of slides Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/zWlsA4hYp2vDEJ1i727IB5x1hIrm-MANMP2yZBnstxM


 

containing seed visible
at 5 x magnification
shall not exceed 2%
per package

Surface of slides shall
be free from pits,
scratches and other
irregularities when
viewed at 5 x
magnification

Yes *

Working surface of
slide shall be parallel to
within five minutes of
arc

Yes *

Edge of the slides shall
be ground to become
free from sharp edges
and chips

Yes *

Packaging Parameters Slides shall be
supplied in cartons
in pieces (Hint:
Supply to be made in
box containing
numbers specified)

50 50

All the slides in a
carton shall preferably
be of same size

Yes *

Slides should be
interleaved with
suitable durt free paper

Yes *

Material of packaging
of slides shall be free
from chemicals that
may cause corrosion of
the surfaces

Yes *

Each carton of glass
slide have to indicate
source of
manufacture,material
& description, average
no of slides in carton
and dimension of cover
slips (length and width
and thickness)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 4



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 ATUL NAGAR 180001,Office of the state
Malariogist Jammu and
kashmir Near MLA hostel
Shalimaar Jammu.

400000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for

supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

