












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/701622

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Principal Chief Material Manager,north
Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur

Total Quantity 41000

Item Category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  2177100

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 43542

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
FA and CAO/CON
North Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur
(Fa And Cao/con)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Power Cable For Direct Burial Xlpe Ugac Cable ( 41000 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Buying Through bidding only *

Size of Cable (in 16.0 16.0

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/s5wMFPaRLiqzCG8ios5IErr7ltinIiQgvEKzDkzpzhw


 

Sq.mm)

Number of cores
(nos)

2 2

Cable Type Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming
to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming
to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

BIS marked yes *

BIS certificate number - *

Armouring Galvanised round steel
wire armoured

Galvanised round steel
wire armoured

Armouring Type single wire or strip
armouring

single wire or strip
armouring

shape of conductor Stranded and Shaped Stranded and Shaped

CONSTRUCTIONAL Number of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

size of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

Material of conductor Aluminium EC Grade *

Weight of finished
cable per meter

- *

In addition to marking
requirements as per
relevant specification,
sequential marking for
length, Size of the
cable, Type of the
cable and Drum
Number shall be
embossed on every
metre of the cable

yes *

standard cable length
on a drum

500 meter for cable
size up to and including
185 sqmm.

*

Part length which can
be supplied by seller
(meter)

- *

cable to be supplied on
wooden drums

yes *

                               3 / 5



 

conforming to IS:
10418/82 with latest
amendments.

Quantity supplied shall
not be more than the
ordered quantity.

yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity to the
specification for
minimum and
maximum ratings.

yes *

Type Test Certificate
No.

- *

Type Test Certificate
date

- *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Murli Dhar Pandey 243122,Office of the Deputy
Chief Engineer/Construction,
Izzatnagar, Bareilly.

41000  30

Special terms and conditions for category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable 

1.Specification for Cross linked Polyethylene insulated thermoplastic sheathed cables" is as
per IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 with latest amendments including amendment no.5. Manufacturer
shall furnish calculation sheet as per Appendix-C of IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 amdt., no.5 to
buyer/consignee on demand. (Gem Category: Cross linked polyethylene and XLPE insulated
PVC outer sheathed cable with aluminum conductor suitable for rated voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988 with latest amendment including amendment
no.5)

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5



 

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

6.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): To be done by RITES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: To be done by
consignee

7.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

