












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703258

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Bisalpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Truck Mounted Suction Machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  9 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.50

EMD Amount 28125

                               1 / 9



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
EO
BISALPUR, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities - eServices to citizens
and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Executive Officer Nagar Palika Parishad, Bisalpur, Pilibhit, Up Note: Without Emd Technically Not
Accepted)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Truck Mounted Suction Machine ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 9



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT

Yes *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Form 22 A - For
compliance with
pollution standards,
safety standards of
components and road
worthiness as per
CMVR Rules

Yes *

Conforming to IS:13496
for Suction Machine for
cleaning Sewers,
Manholes and ancillary
structures provided on
sewer line and closed
storm water drains

Yes *

Availability of test
reports for all critical
components from the
manufacturer or OEM
of vacuum pumps,
power takeoff unit etc
shall be from any ILAC
/NABL accredited /
Central Govt Lab to be
furnished to buyers on
demand

Yes *

Registration To Local
RTO (Regional
Transport
Office)/RTA(Regional
Transport Authority) By
Seller

- *

NGT approval needs to
be provided bu the
Govt department if
requried

- *

Generic Parameters Make and Model of
Vacuum Pump

- *

Make and Model of PTO - *

Make and Model of
Hydraulic Motor

- *

Make and Model of
Hydraulic Pump

- *

Make and Model of - *

                               3 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/6Wc7O6iX2SFFNDinb2Np9UCdlhHkzGPy1zSvknc8u4Y


 

Suction Hose

Vehicle Chassis Make
and Model

- *

Chassis Model Number - *

Chassis Type Medium Motor Vehicle Medium Motor Vehicle

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Chassis Gross
Vehicle Weight

4850 More than 4850.0 Or
higher

Kerb Weight 2170 *

Pay Load Capacity
(Tonne Load)

2.68 More than 2.68 Or
higher

Vehicle Emission
Compliance

BS-VI BS-VI

Max Engine BHP 53 More than 53.0 Or
higher

Engine Torque
Max@rpm

200 More than 200.0 Or
higher

No of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 More than 5.0 Or
higher

Gradeability of
Vehicle (%)

26 More than 26.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base 2654 More than 2654.0 Or
higher

Engine Aspiration
System

Turbocharged
Intercooler

*

Mount Type Truck Mounted Unit *

Fuel Tank Capacity 60 More than 60.0 Or
higher

Constructional
Parameters

Capacity of Split
Shaft PTO of the
vehicle (kgm)

- More than 200.0 Or
higher

Overall Length 4689 *

Overall Width 1870 *

Equipment Length 1500 *

Equipment Height 1250 *

Equipment Rear
Over Hang

No No

If Yes, Declare
Equipment Rear Over
Hang

200 *

Type of Front Axle and
Suspension System

- *

Type of Rear Axle and
Suspension System

- *

                               4 / 9



 

Derrick Arm
Available

No No

Vacuum Pump - Rotary
Vane / Sliding Vane

Yes *

Type Of Cooling - *

Vacuum Pump Flow
(cum/hr)as per IS
13496 to be declared

- 318

Vacuum Pump Power
(hp@rpm)

- More than 7.8 Or
higher

Vacuum Relief Valve
Size

1.5 *

Vacuum Suction
Depth

8 More than 8.0 Or
higher

Suction Hose -
Lightweight, heavy
duty ,reinforced ,PVC
along with quick
connect coupling
arrangement

Yes *

Suction Hose
Internal Diameter

- 80.0

Suction Hose Length 5 *

Number of Suction
Hose (Nos)

5 *

Safety Equipments - *

Silencer/ Filter(Micro
Strainer)

Yes *

Exhaust Silencer and
injection cooling air
Inlet Silencer/ Filter

Yes *

Blower Outlet and Air-
Exhaust Silencer

Yes *

Check valve Yes *

Vacuum Limitation
Valve

Yes *

Drain Off valve Yes *

Total Tank Capacity
(sludge tank+water
tank)

3000 3000.0

Water storage Tank
Capacity

500 500.0

Sludge Storage Tank
capacity

2500 2500.0

Thickness of tank plate 6 *

                               5 / 9



 

Material of tank Mild steel(Grade-A)
conforming to IS 2062
latest

*

Surface preparation
and finish of tank's
Exterior - sanded prior
to spray painting and
spray painted with two
coats of superior
quality anti corrosive
primer and two coats of
enamel metal paint

Yes *

Surface preparation
and finish of Tank's
Interior - clean water
two coats anti corrosive
primer & two coats of
grey enamel paint &
Sludge shall be with
two coats of epoxy
paint to resist corrosion

Yes *

Provision for locking
and unlocking
arrangement of rear
gate of tank, to be
operated hydraulically
for quick tipping and
cleaning

Yes *

Hose Reel Drive
operated by hydraulic
motor

Yes *

Dished Head Yes *

Tank Rear Door
Opening by hydraulic
system

Yes *

Reinforcement rings in
pipes

Yes *

Hydraulic Pump Type Gear Type *

Water Level Indicator
Type (with safety
coverage)

- *

Water Level Indicator
Nos

2 *

Thickness of Cover for
Engine, Pump and Hose
Reel compartment

3 *

Material of Cover for
Engine, Pump and Hose
Reel compartment

Galvanised IronSheet *

Full bore Quick Acting Yes *

                               6 / 9



 

Valves in the sewage
path

Air Pumps to safeguard
the pump from
overloading

Yes *

Make and Model of Air
Pump

- *

Sludge Trap between
the Air Pump and the
Tank

Yes *

Float cut out valve to
seal the pump suction
line

Yes *

Lubricating system for
reducing friction loss

Yes *

Three sewer cleaning
nozzles with varying
rearward angles

Yes *

One nozzle extension
for easy fixing of the
hose and the nozzle

Yes *

Two stop tank strainer
elements

Yes *

Two sets of operation
and service manuals
and spare parts lists

Yes *

Hose guide Yes *

Counter Yes *

Suction hose 30mtr Yes Yes

Set of Spares Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Time 24 More than 24.0 Or
higher

Warranty Distance 1000 *

No of Free Service
(Minimum 3 per year)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               7 / 9



 

1 Yaseen
Mohammad

262201,NAGAR PALIKA
PARISHAD BISALPUR

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category Truck Mounted Suction Machine 

1.a. ARAI of complete product / equipment. If it is not available then ARAI of chassis will be
required along with confirmation from supplier (OEM/fabricator only) that they are
conforming the CMVR rules for compliance of equipment and registration of equipment with
RTO is their responsibility.\nb. Only bid /RA option will be available for buyer as these
equipments are not standard and freight Intensive product.\nc. Test reports if any, desired
by buyer will be provided by seller at the time of supply.\nd. Operational and maintenance
contract if desired by buyer will be provided as per their requirement.\ne. Delivery period
will be 90 days (normal).

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as

                               8 / 9



 

amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

12.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

