












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697675

  Dated: 12-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Ntpc Limited

Office Name Ssc Nr Vindhyachal

Total Quantity 6

Item Category Wet Grinder

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

                               1 / 4



 

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Wet Grinder ( 6 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Type Type of machine Drum fix & Stone roller
type Wet Grinder(Semi
Automatic)

Drum fix & Stone roller
type Wet Grinder(Semi
Automatic)

Mounting Floor Mounted Floor Mounted

Tilting Mechanism No *

Construction Drum Cover No *

No of Stone
Required

1 1

Easy Removable Stone Yes *

Easy Cleanable Yes Yes

Material Body Construction
Material

Stainless Steel 304 *

Drum Material Stainless Steel 304 Stainless Steel 304

Drum Cover Material Stainless Steel 304 Stainless Steel 304

Stone Material Granite *

Dimensions Maximum Drum
Capacity(Ltr)

10 10

Grinding Cycle
Time(Minute)

10 10

Timer Without Without

Motor With With

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_QP4X85ti6j0G4Q86eW6srmVRBFUGNF3kr7hh0s0Uws


 

Input Power Single Phase Single Phase

Input Voltage (volts) 230 ± 10% 230 ± 10%

Power Rating(KW) 0.75 0.75

Warranty Complete unit
Warranty

NA NA

Motor Warranty NA NA
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Badri Narayanan
Jha

231222,Central Stores, C&M
SSTPS NTPC Shaktinagar
Distt Sonebhadra UP 231222

6  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total
value.

3.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to

                               3 / 4



 

participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

