












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710575

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Shipping

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Visakhapatnam Port Trust (vpt)

Office Name Materials Management Division

Total Quantity 2

Item Category automotive chassis fitted with engine

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 7



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Automotive Chassis Fitted With Engine ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Engine Capacity (cc) 2956 *

Chassis Model No. - *

Category of Vehicle
for which Chassis to
be used

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Light Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Type of Chassis Chassis with facecowl Chassis with facecowl

Body Style - *

Chassis with Built up
Cabin

Yes Yes

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS VI BS VI

Chassis
Transmission System

Manual Manual

Max Engine Power
BHP

100 100

Max Engine Torque
(N-m)

300 300, 350, 360

Engine Aspiration Turbocharged
Intercooled

Turbocharged
Intercooled

No. of Cylinder in
Engine (Nos)

4 4

Ground Clearance
(mm)

249 More than 249.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base (mm) 3305 3305.0

Kerb Weight (Kg) 2380 2380.0

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

5950 5950.0

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/21mJIDoO90ztp4RYModyVKaf-hP-qiGq1icSsz0b4eA


 

Type of Steering Power Power

No of Axle (Nos) 2 2

Axle Configuration ( No
of Outside Tyre x No of
Driving Tyre)

- *

Type of Front Axle and
Suspension System

- *

Type of Rear Axle and
Suspension System

- *

No. of Speed/
Forward Gears (Nos)

5 5, 6, 7 Or higher

ABS Fitted No No

Front Vehicle Brake - *

Rear Vehicle Brake - *

Type of Clutch - *

CERTIFICATION Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No.

- *

CONSTRUCTION Design of Chassis Full Frame chassis *

Body Options Customise-able Customise-able

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

60 *

Length of Chassis
(mm)

5405 5405

Width of Chassis
(mm)

1905 1905

Height of Chassis
(mm)

2330 2330

Gradeability of Chassis(
%) (%)

19.91 *

Type of Vehicle Tyre Tube Tube

Size Of Front Tyres - *

Size Of Rear Tyres - *

Size of Wheel - *

Speed Governers Yes *

Side View Mirror Yes *

Standard Sparewheel
and Tool Kit

Yes *

Fog Lights No *

PERFORMANCE Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)

9 *

                               3 / 7



 

(Km/Ltr)

Speed, Max (Km/Hr) 80 *

Turning Radius (mm) 6550 6550

Warranty Period
inclusive of warranty
of Battery (Month)

24 24

Battery Warranty
(Month)

yes yes

Warranty Distance
(Km)

yes *

No. Of Free Service
(Nos)

3 *

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Transportation
Charge in Rupees
Per Km (Rs/Km)

25 25

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Debendra Kumar
Sahu

530035,DLB Building, 4th
Floor, Port Area,
Visakhapatnam

2  30

Special terms and conditions for category automotive chassis fitted with engine 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

                               4 / 7



 

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic

Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

2.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

3.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

4.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,
it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

5.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

6.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

7.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

8.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

                               5 / 7



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

9.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

                               6 / 7



 

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

11.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

