












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703158

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 2

Item Category fume hoods for laboratory with cubboard

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 31500

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing DIrector
Block No.14 ,Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Dr. Jivraj Mehta Bhavan, Old
sachivalaya , gandhinagar.382010
(Dr. Suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Fume Hoods For Laboratory With Cubboard ( 2 pieces )

                               2 / 7



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

DIMENSIONS,
FEATURES

Size of Sink (mm) 1200 *

Power Rating - *

Drawing No. - *

Product Code available
on Web

- *

Safety Device Trip
(Nos)

- *

Material of Base
Cabinet

- *

Working Platform
Material

- *

Double wall
Construction

Yes *

Ducting Material - *

Details of Electrical
outlets

- *

Product Code No - *

Air Flow (Cubic
metre/hr)

1087 *

Width of Base
Cabinet (mm)

1829 1829, 2829

Material of Front
shutter

other other

Overall lenth of
Fumehood (mm)

2000 2000

Base Cabinets Without Without

Ducting for hood Without With, Without

Efficiency &amp; Noise
level of Blower (%, dB)

- *

Thickness of wall
(mm)

10 0.91 - 500

Operating Temperature
of Fume hood (degree
C)

30 *

Material of Fumehood - *

No. of Drawers in
the Base Storage
Unit (Nos)

0 *

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2Ub7x9b71UnIvrSXtNp9bLjqgnAl_5IDH7ysa6cJUgY


 

Fumehood
installation Kit and
Accessories

With With

Height of Base
Cabinet (mm)

2800 2800

Type of Filter - *

Type of Fumehood Laboratory *

Length of Base
Cabinet (mm)

1600 1600

Fire Resistant Yes Yes

Utility Pipe lines for
Nitrogen,Compresse
d Air &amp; Water
etc.

Yes Yes, No

Face Velocity (m/s) 0.53 *

Type of Fumes suitable
for

- *

Overall Width of
Fumehood (mm)

1660 *

Design of base Cabinet - *

Wattage of Blower (W) - *

Material of sink - *

Overall Height of
Fumehood (mm)

1660 *

Type of Blower - *

Design details of
baffles

- *

Design details of
Electrical Services

- *

No. of Electrical Socket
and Switch (Nos)

- *

Material of the Blower - *

Working Platform
Thickness (mm)

- *

Provision of
Electrical Outlets

Yes Yes

Drawing available on
Web

Yes Yes, No

Features of various
Utilities

- *

CONFIGURATION Fumehood Baffles With With

Front shutter
Fumehood

With With

Material of Insulation - *

                               4 / 7



 

Type of Base
cabinets

Movable with Wheels Movable with Wheels

Non Corrosive
treatment of inside
compartment

Yes *

Availability of Sink With With, Without

No. of Shutters (Nos) 1 1

No. of Shelves in
Base storage units
(Nos)

1 *

Materials of Baffles - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dr. Nandini Desai 361008,Shree M P Shah
Government Medical
College, Pandit Nehru marg.
Jamnagar

2  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Managing
Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited payable at Gandhinagar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited Account
No. 32638352973 IFSC Code SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address 
NSC Branch, Gandhinagar.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at

                               5 / 7



 

the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of Not more than 10% (Upload the undertaking). The
original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and
verification of AMC Performance Security for 5% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period
plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

10. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

11.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

12.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

13.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

14.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited payable at 
Gandhinagar. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD
in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer
within 15 days of award of contract.

15.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services
Corporation limited Account No. 32638352973 IFSC Code SBIN0008434 Bank Name tate
Bank of India Branch address NSC Branch, Gandhinagar. Successful Bidder to indicate

                               6 / 7



 

Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-
line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in
place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

16.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

17.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

