












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/647477

  Dated: 22-05-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 01-06-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-06-01 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Indian Oil Corporation Limited

Organisation Name Ioc - Gujarat Refinery

Office Name Iocl- Gujarat Refinery

Total Quantity 38

Item Category Modular Side Storage Unit ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 5846

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

                               1 / 5



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
AM(MAT)
IOCL- Gujarat Refinery, INDIAN OIL CORPORATION LIMITED, IOC - Gujarat Refinery, Ministry of
Petroleum and Natural Gas
(Mahendra Gajanan Bokade)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Modular Side Storage Unit ( 38 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make godrejinterio

Model godrejverticalslidingdoorunitvsdu-2withtop.

                               2 / 5



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Supply Knocked Down to be
assembled at
consignee site by the
Seller

Knocked Down to be
assembled at
consignee site by the
Seller

MATERIAL Side Storage Unit
top material &
thickness

25 Mm Thickness Flat
Single Layer MDF Board
Of Grade SBG II Of IS
12406 Latest

25 Mm Thickness Three
Layer Pre-Laminated
Particle Boards Of
Grade II Type II Of IS
12823 Latest, 25 Mm
Thickness Flat Single
Layer MDF Board Of
Grade SBG II Of IS
12406 Latest, 19mm
thick Commercial Block
Board BWP grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
38mm thick
Commercial Block
Board BWP grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
19mm thick Decorative
Block Board BWP grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
38mm thick Decorative
Block Board BWP grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
19mm thick
Commercial Block
Board MR Grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
38mm thick
Commercial Block
Board MR Grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
19mm thick Decorative
Block Board MR Grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
38mm thick Decorative
Block Board MR Grade
Conforming to IS 1659

DIMENSION Length X Depth X
Height

900 mm X 450 mm X
750 mm ( With one
shelf )

900 mm X 450 mm X
750 mm ( With one
shelf )

COLOUR & FINISH side storage unit Top
Finish

Laminate In Colour with
Swede Finish 0.6-0.8
Mm Thickness
Conforming To IS 2046
Latest With Having

*

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/4oqYgtt0P4ThGJaMJcI1paxN7SGRsiigaRqDcA75OPA


 

Balancing Laminate Of
0.5 Mm Thick On Other
Side

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES *

WARANTY Warrantee period in
number of years

1 1

MISC Side storage unit top to
be fix

with sides and bottom/
skirting using mini fix
and wooden dowel by
using (knock down)
system for
interconnecting

*

Side storage unit
gap/wrap age

N.A *

Side storage unit all sid
es,bottom,shelf,shutter
edge to be banded

With 0.8-1.0 Mm Thick
PVC Tape With The
Help Of Hot Melt Glue

*

Overlapping of equal
shutter

overlap of 50 mm *

Buffer Provided Adequate Number At
The Bottom

*

Type of shutter / doors sliding shutter doors *

shutter doors moving
on

nylon wheel *

Push and turn lock to
be provided

In the center to lock
both the sliding doors
together

*

Side Storage Gable end N.A *

Side Storage Unit Two
Plain Sides

Shall Have Edge
Banded With PVC Tape
Of 2mm Thick Of
Reputed Make With The
Help Of Hot Melt Glue

*

Skirting Provided N.A *

Side Storage unit two
long side

Shall Have Post Form
Half Round Profile with
corner edge bending

*

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               4 / 5



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prashant Kumar 391320,P.O Jawaharnagar
391320

38  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

