












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713822
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Frontier Hqr Bsf Jammu

Total Quantity 11501

Item Category Blanket for CAPFs

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  38 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  400 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 63313

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 8.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

                               1 / 4



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIG (Prov)
Frontier Hqr Bsf Jammu, Central Armed Police Forces, Border Security Force (BSF), Ministry of Home Affairs
(Indraj Singh)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Blanket For CAPFs ( 11501 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical Specification
of the product

Blanket for CAPFs as per
revised QR/ Specification
approved by CRPF vide their
letter No U.II-98 ( Spec )/
2017-18-Prov-14-( Blanket )
dated 21-03-2018

Blanket for CAPFs as per
revised QR/ Specification
approved by CRPF vide their
letter No U.II-98 ( Spec )/
2017-18-Prov-14-( Blanket )
dated 21-03-2018

Specification has been seen
and Understood

Yes *

CERTIFICATE Woolmark Blend Yes *

Licence No. date &Validity - *

DIMENSION Length of the Blanket 230 *

Width of the Blanket 150 *

MASS Mass 685 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/83BaPehqny0nF5qCKUbHeZNd0ksAjF8XjlE5QuGRZ7I


 

Mass Per Blanket 2.3 *

Colour Colour Navy Blue *

COMPOSITION Blend Composition
(Percentage)

Wool- 80 (of fineness Grade
64s) & Polyamide-20

*

WEAVE Weave 2/2 twill *

PIPING Piping Polyester Satin piping of
matching colour having 872
Ends/dm, 336 Picks/dm and
8.5 gms weight per linear
meter

*

LOGO Logo/ Totem As per buyer's requirements As per buyer's requirements

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Test report to be furnished
to the buyer on demand, if
claimed to be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s) for
buyer's approval before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

QR/Spcn document View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Indraj Singh 181124,Frontier Hqrs, Border
Security Force, Paloura Camp

11501  75

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before dispatch, the goods

will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized Representative or by Nominated External Inspection
Agency (independently or jointly with Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at
designated place for inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external laboratories testing
charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost.
Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will
notify the Seller about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for
testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection. Consignee's

                               3 / 4

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_dome_bedc_bedc_bl24437430/51/16/877/CategorySchema/qr_spcn_document/2018/11/20/blanket-crpf_2018-11-20-17-08-27_8b3d00496fbb9017bbdf0eb475e2c2a1.pdf


 

right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his location shall in no way be limited or
waived by reason of the goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its
Nominated External Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in inspection
beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without Liquidated Damages.

3.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): NITRA
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Departmental Board

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

7.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid, the Inspection
Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by it, as Reference Sample to each
consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for comparing the lot received at consignee end with such
reference sample. Such reference samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall
be borne by the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

