












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712872
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Coalfields Limited

Office Name Central Coalfields Limited

Total Quantity 9

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as defined in
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for
supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary

                               1 / 3



 

evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an
MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in
relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 9 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make canon

Model canoncartridge054-black

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Product Class OEM OEM

Brand Canon Canon

Type of
Cartridge/Consumable

Toner Toner

Colour of
Cartridges/Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum Model
number

054 - Black 054 - Black

Corresponding Part
number/ code

3024C003AA *

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

MF641cw *

Yield of the Cartridge as per
ISO/IEC:19752/2004(E)for
BK & ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

1500 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pradip Kumar Barnwal 834001,Central Coalfields Limited,
Darbhanga House, Ranchi

9  45

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1.In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM cartridges are supplied
to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of indigenously
manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be older than nine months while

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/RGE8ul7oXLR_RX-cJBzvQ9gvLCRFGp2VFfRhLw9FhE4


 

accepting the material. In case it is found to be more than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected
by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC) Certificate only after
verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the same in the machine
so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters subject to its genuineness having already
been verified at the time of issue of Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by Sellers on GeM against
OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller from any transaction in future including any
other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make OEM

Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1.In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been provided and can be

accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through HP SureSupply app or by using
Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on the cartridge security seal. After the scan process
of the QR code, a validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively the Sl. No. of the
cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP
website. The detailed procedure to check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl
visit the Hp website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

