












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/668814

  Dated: 11-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-06-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-06-22 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Northern Railway

Organisation Name Stores

Office Name Northern Railway

Total Quantity 1

Item Category built up trucks

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 21440

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting

                               1 / 7



 

document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Sr AFA JUDW
Northern RailwayJagadhri Workshop, Yamuna nagar
(Sr Afa)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Built Up Trucks ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine
Capacity (cc)

3300 *

Model No - *

Pay Load Capacity
(Tonne Load)

10.55 10.55 - 50.0 Or higher

Type of chassis for
Vehicle

- *

Chassis with Built up
Cabin

Yes Yes

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Colour of the Vehicle - *

Engine BHP@rpm
(hp@rpm)

- *

Engine Torque
Max@rpm (Engine
Torque Max@rpm)

- *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/iWF8bDXE2J6SoXm20bGHOM6d1UIEKQjKLJ6EEWGpDP0


 

Top Speed (Kmph) 80 *

Braking Distance (m) 28.4 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
(%)

- *

Engine Aspiration
System

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

160 *

Load Body Type - *

Trailer Type - *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

225 225.0

Floor Area (sq. mm) - *

Wheel Base (mm) 4200 4200.0

Kerb Weight (Kg) 5470 5470.0

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

16020 16020.0

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Radial

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

Drive Axle Rear *

No of Axle (Nos) 2 *

Axle Configuration ( No
of Outside Tyre x No of
Driving Tyre)

- *

Type of Front Axle and
Suspension System

- *

Type of Rear Axle and
Suspension System

- *

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears

- *

Type of Steering Power Operated Power Operated

Turning Radius (mm) 8300 *

Type of Clutch - *

Type of Front Brakes - *

Type of Rear Brakes - *

Constructional
Parameters

Type of Cabin - *

Overall Length (mm) 7995 7995.0

Overall Width (mm) 2425 2425.0

Overall Height
(Cabin) (mm)

3200 3200.0

                               3 / 7



 

Type and Location of
Shock Absorbers

- *

No of Front Tyre
(Nos)

2 2

No of Rear Tyre
(Nos)

4 4

Size Of BIS marked
Front Tyre with Ply
Rating

- *

Size of BIS marked
Rear Tyre with Ply
Rating

- *

Performance
Parameters

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Km/Ltr)

8.2 8.2

Warranty Distance
(Km)unlimited
during warranty
period

100000 100000.0

Warranty Time
(Months)

12 12.0

Transportation Charge
in Rupees Per Km
(Rs/Km)

25 *

No of Free Service
(Nos)

3 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nikhil Gupta 135002,JUDW Store Depot ,
C AND W RAILWAY
WORKSHOP, YAMUNA
NAGAR, JAGADHARI,
HARYANA - 135002

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category built up trucks 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and

                               4 / 7



 

Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement

                               5 / 7



 

is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Consignee

2.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises for their compliance to the
contract specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any
external laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the
Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-
mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller
about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date
for testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch
inspection. Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received
at his location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously
been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External
Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any
delay in inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised
without Liquidated Damages.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has

                               6 / 7



 

selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

