












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/682332

  Dated: 22-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 13-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-13 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Oil And Natural Gas Corporation Limited

Office Name 700091

Total Quantity 1650

Item Category Manila Ropes

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 3



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Manila Ropes ( 1650 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical Specification
of the product

Manila Ropes as per
BIS specification No. IS
: 1084 : 2005, amds 2.

*

BIS CERTIFICATION BIS Marking No *

TYPE Type of Manila Rope Hawser-laid manila
ropes (diameter 8 mm
to 128 mm )

Hawser-laid manila
ropes (diameter 8 mm
to 128 mm )

GRADE Grade of Manila
Rope

Grade 2 Grade 2

DIAMETER Diameter of Rope (
mm )

16 16.0

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Rot Proofing Without Rot Proofing Without Rot Proofing

Marking for
Identification of Grade

No *

Length of Rope in a Coil 220 mtrs *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from
Designated AHSP /
NABL / ILAC accredited
or Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of products
to the specification

Yes *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to

Yes *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/LRRJgTgYrNzbudkQDttcTeY91SOaQqygM2MToShStm4


 

be available
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ashok Kumar Sen 700150,Central Store,
ONGC, Sonarpur, Kolkata

1650  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

3.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

