












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709876

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Urban Development

Department Name Department Of Urban Affairs, Govt Of India

Organisation Name Central Public Works Department (cpwd)

Office Name Shimla Central Division 2

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Bidder Turnover,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser ( 1 pieces )

                               1 / 3



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

*

Type of Dispensing Drop Drop

Mounting Type Floor Mounted Floor Mounted

DESIGN Features available in
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

Built-in sensor for
detection of
hand,Indicator
lamp,Electric
Adapter,Replaceable
Liquid bottle,Temperat
ure/Thermal
Screening,Digital
display of body
temperature,WiFi
connectivity,Display of
dispensing count

Built-in sensor for
detection of hand,
Indicator lamp, Electric
Adapter, Replaceable
Liquid bottle,
Temperature/Thermal
Screening, Digital
display of body
temperature, WiFi
connectivity, Display of
dispensing count

Sensing Range 0 - 4 inch *

Rated voltage 230V-50 Hz 230V-50 Hz

MATERIAL Body Material of
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

Powder Coated CRC
Sheet

Powder Coated CRC
Sheet

DIMENSION Sanitizer Container
Capacity (in ml)

5001-6000 5001-6000

Dispensing Sanitizer
Volume in One Use(in
ml)

2 *

COLOUR Colour White *

Warranty Warranty 1 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Durgesh Kumar
Singh

171004,GORTON CASTLE
CENTRAL SUBDIVISION, AG.

1  30

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/d1JZKdRVmy_ldonufnuPFyiQu1nMA5ungj8o9ngqWbI


 

OFFICE, CPWD, Shimla

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 21 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 21 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

4.The Buyer has an existing set up / inventory of similar products. The offered / supplied
product must be compatible with existing system. The bidder has to ensure Compatibility of
the supplied items or shall have to include in the supply the necessary hardware / software
to make them compatible at no extra cost to the buyer. The details of items with which
compatibility is required are as under: Existing power points, wifi system, net connectivity,
etc

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

