












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704268

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Home Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name State Crime Records Bureau, Phq, Bhopal

Total Quantity 3304

Item Category Fingerprint or Palmprint Ink Pad or Inkless Pad

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 15
(a). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Dy.S.P
State Crime Records Bureau, Phq, Bhopal, Home Department Madhya Pradesh, N/A,
(Rajesh Bhangre Halwa N)

Splitting

                               1 / 3



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Fingerprint Or Palmprint Ink Pad Or Inkless Pad ( 3304 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TYPE / MATERIAL /
GENERIC

Fingerprint /
Palmprint Pad Type

Inkless Pad (Pre-filled
with Chemical
reagents)

Inkless Pad (Pre-filled
with Chemical
reagents)

Pad Material Micro porous Plastic Micro porous Plastic

Shape of the Pad Rectangular Rectangular

Length (or dia - X-
axis) of Pad (± 2
mm)

127 115.0, 127.0

Width (or dia -
Yiaxis) of Pad (± 2
mm)

80 60.0, 80.0

Thickness (or
Height) of Pad (± 1
mm)

12 12.0

Working Life of Pad
(Number of
Impressions)

12000 12000

Quality of the ink /
chemical reagent

Non-Toxic, Non-Smear,
Stain Free, High
Contrast, Instant
Drying and Permanent
ink/reagent

*

Colour of the impresion
obtained by using ink /
inkless Pad

Black *

Material of the body
/ container

Plastic Plastic

Net Weight 90 *

Additional features, if
any

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/k6dgsJN20AvR4VtO1-Ic75T7oJYp4oaEUSFnt1YXMuc


 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manish Kumar
Choubey N

462008,JEHANGIRABAD,
PHQ

3304  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 21
samples for Buyer's approval, within 21 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 21 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership

or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

