












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702307

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name North Western Railway

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Ultrasound Scanning Machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  18 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  144 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

Quality Assurance Plan document 1594191684.pdf

                             1 / 13

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/resources/upload/bidding/biddoc/bid-1777623/1594191684.pdf


 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 180000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 36

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Sr DFM/Bikaner
North Western Railway, DRM Office, Bikaner Division, Pin Code-334001
(Vinay Bansal)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                             2 / 13



 

Ultrasound Scanning Machine ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Product certification - *

Certification number
and date

- *

Confirmity to
Manufacturer's
Certification

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to
Performance and safety
standards specific to
the device

IEC 60601-2-37 or
equivalent BIS

*

Performance
Parameters

Scope of supply General-purpose
ultrasonic scanning
systems provide two-
dimensional (2-D) B-
mode images of soft
tissues without
subjecting patients to
ionizing radiation. It
intends to primarily for
abdominal,
obstetric/gynecologic
(OB/GYN), small-parts,
and vascular imaging

*

UMDNS Code and
names(Hint: This is for
indicating the relevant
universal medical
devices nomenclature
for the category of
product )

"Scanning Systems,
Ultrasonic, Abdominal
[16-241] Scanning
Systems, Ultrasonic,
General-Purpose
[15-976] Scanning
Systems, Ultrasonic,
Obstetric/Gynecologic
[15-657] Scanning
Systems, Ultrasonic,
Small-Parts [18-052]
Scanning Systems,
Ultrasonic, Vascular
[15-957]"

*

Types of Probes &
Features

Applications- Abdomen,
abdominal vascular,
urology, OB/GYN,

Yes *

                             3 / 13

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/D9-RFOWziT7fqY3dtizLqvQu0_k-2BOdRuosYlpDcrU


 

neonatal brain, small
parts (breast, thyroid,
scrotal, prostate, MSK)

Flat linear array 5-10 MHz (±2) *

Convex array 2.5-5 MHz (±2) *

Microconvex array Yes Yes Or higher

Volume Convex
Probe

Yes Yes Or higher

Volume Linear Probe No Yes, No Or higher

Volume TV Probe Yes Yes Or higher

E- Breast
Elastography

Yes Yes Or higher

E- Thyroid
Elastography

Yes Yes Or higher

Liver Elastography No Yes, No Or higher

Intraoperative Probe No Yes, No Or higher

Gel Warmer Yes Yes Or higher

Dedicated 3-D/4-D Yes Yes Or higher

Scan Modes B-mode Yes *

M-mode Yes *

Contrast harmonic
imaging with angio
mode

Yes Yes Or higher

Tissue harmonic
imaging mode

Yes *

Provision of Harmonic
imaging in Linear
Probes

Yes *

Color Doppler imaging
(CDI)

Yes *

Color Doppler 3-D/4-D
option

Yes *

Power Doppler imaging
(PDI)

Yes *

Power Doppler 3-D/4-D
option

Yes *

Continuous wave Yes *

Pulsed wave Yes *

Duplex mode Yes *

Triplex mode Yes *

Tissue Doppler imaging Yes *

Contrast-enhanced
ultrasound (CEUS)

Yes Yes Or higher

                             4 / 13



 

option

Tissue
synchronization,
tissue velocity

Yes Yes Or higher

Gain control in two
dimensions for
additional level of
flexibility for image
quality control

Yes *

"Provision for higher
resolution "

Real time high
frequency 2D

*

Probes supplied shall
be in latest generation
bandwidth

Yes *

Provision for higher
sensitivity for low
frequency doppler in
all probes

Yes Yes Or higher

Number of Channels
in color doppler
system

50000 or more (If
channels are being
designated as digital
channels)

50000 or more (If
channels are being
designated as digital
channels)

Live 3 D imaging in
color doppler system

Yes Yes Or higher

Colour Doppler
system with all
application packages
,Quad loop for serial
studies with high
frame rate revies,
harmonic imaging
capability in all
modes and
integrated stress
echo package digital
storage and retrieval

Yes Yes Or higher

Number of grey shades
for sharp contrast
resolutions in db

256 or more *

High-definition acoustic
zoom provision for
enlarging sections of
2D and Colour flow
images with more
acoustic information for
greater clarity and
detail while
maintaining an optimal
frame rate

Yes *

Colour Flow Imaging
Optin

Yes *

                             5 / 13



 

Provision of Tissue
Colorization (B-
Colour) for improved
contrast resolution

Yes Yes Or higher

All application
packages should be
inbuilt into the system

Yes *

Cine Loop Features Yes Yes Or higher

Cine Loop Memory in
MB

100 *

Frame grabber
facility for post
analysis

Yes Yes Or higher

Facility of Various maps
for pre and post
processing

Yes *

User defined system
and application presets
for multi-user
department

Yes *

Number of
transducer/probe
ports

4 4

System should be
capable of
generating real time
live 3- D images

Yes Yes

Contrast agent
imaging

Yes Yes Or higher

Color Doppler system
with all applications
package, quad loop for
serial studies with high
frame rate, harmonic
imaging capability in all
modes and digital
storage and retrieval

Yes *

IMAGE DISPLAY AND
PROCESSING

DICOM 3 COMPLIANT Yes Yes Or higher

Adjustable transmit
focus

Yes *

Automated B-mode
(2-D) image

Yes Yes Or higher

Automated CDI
image optimization

Yes Yes Or higher

Automated PW
Doppler image
optimization

Yes Yes Or higher

Dynamic receive focus Yes *

                             6 / 13



 

Grayscale levels 256 *

Image magnification
(zoom)

Yes *

Real-time image Yes *

Frozen image Yes *

Touch Screen Yes Yes Or higher

Monitor shall have high-
resolution

Yes *

"Provision of Tilt and
Swivel monitor should
be able to view in all
angles and all light
conditions"

Yes *

Monitor display size,
cm (in)

54.6 (21.5) LCD with
handle

54.6 (21.5) LCD with
handle

Split screen Twin View and Live
Quad Screen

Twin View and Live
Quad Screen

Single/dual monitors Single Single

Depth, cm ≥30 (11.8) *

Pre processing Yes *

Post processing Yes *

Selectable dynamic
range

Yes *

Spectrum analyzer Yes *

DIGITAL IMAGE
STORAGE

Yes *

Cine loop playback Yes *

Max number frames 28800 *

Digital storage hard
drive, GB

500 *

Speckle-tracking strain
and strain rate

Yes *

Exam protocols Yes *

Automated Yes *

Digital calipers Yes *

Exam presets Yes *

Customizable presets Yes *

On-screen annotation Yes *

DVD/CD Writer Yes Yes Or higher

Flash Memory Yes *

USB connector Yes *

                             7 / 13



 

"Facility for high
definition digital
acquisition, review and
editing of complete
patient studies"

Yes *

Type of processor i7 or latest i7 or latest

RAM capacity of PC
in GB (hint: In caase
PC not provided put
zero)

≥ 4 ≥ 4

Processor speed in
GHZ

≥ 3 ≥ 3

Frame Grabber
incorporated

Yes Yes Or higher

Connectivity
between USG and PC

Yes Yes Or higher

PC with all software
inclusive interfaced
with USG machine

No Yes, No Or higher

laser Color printer
provided with
computer for
reporting

No Yes, No Or higher

Inkjet printer
provided with
computer for
reporting

Yes Yes Or higher

CD/DVD Produced
should be playable
on any system

Yes Yes Or higher

Glossy Colour Print
Paper supplied

NA NA

Dicom Interfacability
Dicom to PACS

Yes Yes Or higher

Interfacability Dicom
to RIS

Yes Yes Or higher

USG sytem supplied
should be upgradable
to next generation
system on site

Yes *

Power Requirements Power input, VAC 220-240VAC, 50Hz
fitted with Indian plug

*

Resettable over
current breaker shall
be fitted for
protection

Yes Yes Or higher

Power backup UPS UPS

Back up time in 30 30

                             8 / 13



 

minutes

Suitable Servo
Controlled Stabilizer
/ CVT should be
provided

No Yes, No Or higher

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Warranty in years 3 3

Number of
installations of the
USG machines in
Central /State/PSU
Govt Hospitals(
Note: Seller should
supply a performace
certificate of the
device to the buyer
if demanded after
placement of order)

More than 3 More than 3

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment and training
to be provided after
completing supplies &
Installation before
acceptance

Yes *

The Principal
Manufacturer must
have direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

Copies of reports and
certifications to be
furnished to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies

Yes *

Certificate from the
principal that spare
parts will be available
for next 10 years shall
be provided at the time
of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                             9 / 13



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dr. Ramesh
Manjhi

334001,DRM OFFICE,
BIKANER

1  120

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of
Servers/Desktop Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier
against warranty replacement.

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

8.Registration / Empanelment Requirement: Contract shall be awarded to only such
sellers , who are registered / empanelled / approved / enlisted with Rajasthan State
appropriate PCPNDT authority , in addition to the required registration by GeM for the
required goods / service category on the date of bid opening. Prospective bidders (if not
already registered), are advised to get themselves registered with the said registration
authority before bid opening date. (It is certified that the registration is granted by the
registering agency as per Rule 150 of GFR following a fair, transparent and reasonable
procedure.)

9.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per
normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: Machine with all accessories (as per specification), GPS device and

                            10 / 13



 

other statutory requirement..
10.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written

consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

11.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

12. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

13.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: CONSIGNEE OR HIS
AUTHORIZE REPRESENTATIVE

14.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

15.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of 
Sr.DFM/Bikaner payable at Bikaner.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

16.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Sr.DFM/Bikaner payable at Bikaner. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can

                            11 / 13



 

upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to
the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

17.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

18.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

19.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

20.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Certification (US-FDA & EU-CE),
warranty, technical data sheet, OEM authorization, PCPNDT related document and all other
relevant technical and statutory documents .

21.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

22.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

23.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

24.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

25.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

26.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope labour,
material and services (including probes) (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming
compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking
onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

27.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 7 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of As per agreement with the dealer/OEM (Upload the
undertaking). The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after
submission and verification of AMC Performance Security for 10% of total CMC value valid up

                            12 / 13



 

to CMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
28.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service

personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

29.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

30.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

31.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

32.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            13 / 13

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

