












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699013

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Micro Small And Medium Enterprises

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Development Commissioner (micro Small & Medium
Enterprises)

Office Name Msme Technology Center Bhopal

Total Quantity 50

Item Category Metal Beds

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 5



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Metal Beds ( 50 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Size of Rectangular
Hollow section
±1(mm)

50 mm X 25 mm 50 mm X 25 mm

Size of Square
Hollow Section
±1(mm)

25 mm X 25 mm 25 mm X 25 mm

Size of Circular
Hollow Sections
±1(mm)

N.A N.A

Thickness of Hollow
Section in Structure
(mm)

1.2 mm 1.2 mm

Support Panel for
placement of
mattresses

m s hollow box square
section

m s hollow box square
section

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/c8ZpZJaaFzpDOSQN4PWkS2M-C0vM0chZQsnyJGmWECQ


 

Thickness of support
Panel (in mm)

1.2 mm 1.2 mm

Material of head board support section m s
square tube of 25.4
mm X 1.0 mm thick

*

Material of mattress
panel

plywood *

Thickness of mattress
Panel ±1(mm)

12 mm *

GENERIC Structure of Metal
bed frame including
legs and head
Structure

M S HOLLOW
RECTANGULAR /
SQUARE SECTION

M S HOLLOW
RECTANGULAR /
SQUARE SECTION

Head board With *

Shape of headboard rectangular *

DIMENSION Over all length of
Bed in mm (±10 mm)

1850 1850

Over all width of Bed in
mm (±10 mm)

900 *

Height of Bed in mm
(±10 mm)

450 450.0

Size of support
members in mm (±5
mm)

25 X 25 (mm) *

COLOUR & FINISH Paint /Finish of M S
parts

Powder Coating Powder Coating, Stove
Enamel paint

Finish of head board powder coating *

Min Powder/paint
coating thickness
(Micron)

50 micron 50 micron

Colour of bed (steel
Frame)

black *

WARRANTY WARRANTY 1 year *

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES *

MISC Number of support
members

4 4

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 5



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Devendra Kumar
Parora

462038,Plot No.
259/2,261,267/2/1 Industrial
Area, Special Education
Zone, Acharpura, Bhopal

50  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

5.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

6.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 
rectification of defect and replacement if required (Upload an undertaking with the bid
confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM
is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder
undertaking)

7.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /

                               4 / 5



 

rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

8.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

