












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713386
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Hyderabad

Total Quantity 1

Item Category RO Water Plant for Hemodialysis

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  15 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 91872

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for

                               1 / 8



 

Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Dean
ESIC Super Speciality Hospital, Sanathnagar, Hyderabad 500038
(Prof Srinivas M)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

RO Water Plant For Hemodialysis ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Clinical Purpose RO water for hemodialysis
to be applied in therapies
such as HD, SLED, HDF, HF

*

Product name RO Water Plant for
Hemodialysis

*

Plant capacity (Ltrs/Hr) 2000 2000

Plant type Microprocessor/microcontrol
ler controlled Single stage
RO water system ( Feed
water TDS less than 500
PPM)

Microprocessor/microcontrol
ler controlled Single stage
RO water system ( Feed
water TDS less than 500
PPM)

Various stages in RO water
treatment process

Pre-filter or Sediment filter,
Carbon filter, Water softner,
Reverse Osmosis system,
Distribution system, Storage
Tank, Ultraviolet
disinfection, Final
filteration,Final alarms,
System monitoring and
disinfection

*

System type Online,Offline Online, Offline

System shall have
microprocessor based
control panel for ease of

Yes *

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/z5IRK5VImh5Il2zbOi6BqwlRHt2jWsDHEYUnACb7w7w


 

operation and inbuilt
process logic

System shall have auto
start/stop based on water
level in the supply tank

Yes *

System shall be equipped
with Electrical panel/MCB for
plant protection

Yes *

PRE-TREATMENT Raw water mesh filtering
size to prevent big
dust/sand particles with
back wash control

50 to 200 microns *

Vertical water tank with
automatic water float

Yes *

Raw water pump with
automatic pressure control
and run dry protection

Yes *

Raw water feed pump type Centrifugal *

Double raw water pump (
one active and the other
stand by)

Yes Yes

Raw water feed pump
capacity (LPH)

4000 4000

Sand/iron filter with
20micron filter and sample
valve

Yes *

Softener for one in
operation while the other in
standby and vice-versa with
sample valve with brain
tank and automatic
regeneration capacity

Yes *

Double activated Carbon
filter to remove Chlorine
and Chloramines with
sample valve

Yes *

Micron particle filter
after activated Carbon
filter for removing
suspended particles
more than micron size

5 5

All pretreatment module
should be programmable
back wash and regeneration
facility

Yes *

Online rotameter for
measuring flow

Yes *

Pressure monitoring facility
of all filtering stages with
glycerin filled SS pressure
gauge

Yes *

Sample valve facility for all
filtering stages

Yes *

RO UNIT FOR MAIN
TREATMENT

Distribution of RO plant
water sufficient for
number of dialysis
machines

30-40 30-40

                               3 / 8



 

Monitoring facility for input
and output water
conductivity, feed water
pressure and injection flow
rate

Yes *

Alarm against low feed
water, high output
conductivity and high
temperature of pump motor

Yes *

Unused water feed back
facility to RO unit for saving
on water injection in online
mode

Yes *

The unit should be
programmable and
automatic rinsing/flushing
facility at regular intervals
when system is not in use,
to prevent drying of filter
media

Yes *

Emergency mode operation
to run permeate output in
case of electronic failure

Yes *

RO MEMBRANE Efficiency of unit with
maximum saving of water
(%)

55 to 75 *

Sample valve for permeate Yes *

POST TREATMENT Material of Booster
pump (offline)

Stainless Steel 316 Stainless Steel 316

Vertical storage water
tank with automatic float
control for filling and dry
run protection for off-
line system

Yes Yes

Direct and indirect feed for
full close loop distribution
piping system

Yes *

Chemical disinfection and
decalcification

Semi-automatic *

Provision of volume
controlled heat
disinfection of permeate
loop complied with ISO
15883

Yes Yes

The permeate should be
supplied to distribution
loop through 0 point 2
micron bacteria filter for
offline system using pex
piping and high grade
SS316 push pull
connectors

Yes Yes

The distribution loop should
contain loop pressure
regulator to maintain the
desired loop back pressure

Yes *

USER INTERFACE Digital display of values of
Conductivity/permeable
flow/reject
flow/temperature/pressure

Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

monitoring

Touch screen/button type
illuminated display for easy
to finger operation of user

Yes *

Signal and control lights
with possibility to connect
external lights

Yes *

Software update via SD
Card or Ethernet

Yes Yes

Memory storage device Yes Yes

STANDARD CONSUMABLES
AND ACCESSORIES

All media and consumables
( membrane, cartidge filter,
filter media, chemicals,
softner salt) for setting up
and standardization should
be provided

Yes *

Seller should ensure the
availability of all
consumables required to
run the RO plant during
complete warranty period to
be purchased by the buyer
independently at actual cost

Yes *

UPS of Suitable Capacity
to pe provided

No Yes, No

CERTIFICATIONS & REPORTS Submission of Test Report
for permeate water quality
as per
AAMI/ISO-13959/13500 from
Central Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited Lab to prove the
conformity to declared
specification after
installation

YES *

Product certification - *

Certificate No - *

Certificate Date - *

Certificate issuing authority - *

Four digit number of notified
body If product is EU-CE
certified

- *

Certification, performance
and safety standards
specific to the device

IEC-60601 *

Submission of all the
certifications and test
reports to the buyer along
with supplies on demand

Yes *

PRE-INSTALLATION
REQUIREMENT FOR THE
BUYER

All Pre-installation
requirements along with site
preparation should be
provided by the seller to the
buyer well in advance
before the supply of
equipment

Yes *

All Pre-installation
requirements should be
done by the buyer

Yes *

                               5 / 8



 

Minimum room size required
for the plant (H x W x L) m

- *

Feed water line till RO room Yes *

Number of drain outlets
required

- *

Overhead tank for storage
depending on plant size

Yes *

Door width required for RO
room (cm)

- *

Airconditioning as per
rquirements

Yes *

Power requirements 220-240 VAC, single phase *

INSTALLATION & TRAINING Supplier to perform
installation, safety and
operation checks before
handover

Yes *

Training of users in
operation and basic
maintenance shall be
provided

Yes *

WARRANTY &
MAINTENANCE

Onsite Warranty (Yrs)
without membranes and
consumables

5 *

User technical and
maintenance manual
detailing complete
maintaining schedule with
routine maintenance should
be provided

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier and
local service agent to be
provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Keerthi A 500038,ESIC SSH SANATHNAGAR 1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.

                               6 / 8



 

vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.The Buyer has an existing set up / inventory of similar products. The offered / supplied product must be
compatible with existing system. The bidder has to ensure Compatibility of the supplied items or shall have to
include in the supply the necessary hardware / software to make them compatible at no extra cost to the buyer.
The details of items with which compatibility is required are as under: comprehensive coverage

5.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful installation and
commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per normal industry practice, following
accessories must be part of supply and cost should be included in bid price: All items required till connection to
the Dialysis equipments..

6.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

9.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

10.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

11.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

13.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

14.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

15.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM shall have to provide
Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period as per contract. : The comprehensive
warranty shall be covering the following scope comprehensive coverage (Upload an undertaking with the bid
confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of
this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

16.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

17.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and

                               7 / 8



 

cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

18.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

19.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

20.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of ESIC Savings Fund Account No 1
payable at Hyderabad.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

21.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of Dean, ESIC
Super Speciality Hospital, Sanathnagar, Hyderabad 38 A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it
that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD,
the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly
signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

22.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft also (besides
PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in favour of ESIC Savings Fun Account No 1 payable
at Hyderabad. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and
has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

23.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt also (besides PBG
which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in the name of Dean, ESIC Super
Speciality Hospital, Sanathnagar, Hyderabad A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security
Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the
FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15
days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

