












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/644048

  Dated: 19-05-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 09-06-2020 12:00:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Culture

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Kalakshetra Foundation Chennai

Office Name Chennai

Total Quantity 13

Item Category Operating System Software (Version 2.0)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption For Years Of Experience
And Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption For Years Of Experience
And Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Operating System Software (Version 2.0) ( 13 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Basic Information Software Domain/
Type

Proprietary item Proprietary item,
Enterprise Open source

Deployment/Installat
ion of Opearating
System on

Work-Station Operating
System

Desktop/ Laptop, Work-
Station Operating
System, Mobile
Devices/ Tablet
Computers Operating
System, Server
(Network) Operating
System, Web server
/Applicaion Server
Operating System

Name of Software - *

Name of the OEM - *

OEM Model / Part No - *

Brief Product
Description

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/gSKBychHH-xw4sl8cN2AtM_bGuRwErBce31wCmzXuWs


 

SCOPE OF LICENCE Types of Licence Perpetual Perpetual, Subscription

" Duration of
Subscription (in
Years) "

2 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, NA

Licencing option Per Machine Per Machine, Per CPU,
Per Core, Per 2 Core,
Per 4 Core, Per 8 Core,
Per 16 Core, Per 32
Core, Per 64 Core

Types of edition of
offered product

Standard Standard, Enterprise,
Datacenter, Premium,
NA

Number of Sockets
supported by the
offered product

NA 1, 2, 3, 4, NA

Number of devices
supported by scope
of licence

NA Limited, Unlimited, NA

Indicate Number of
devices supported by
the offered in case of
limited support

- *

Scope of Installation Installation; Installation;,
Demonstration,
Configuration, NA

The offered product
have support from
OEM for

Unlimited upgradation
of version within
support period

Unlimited updation for
Patches and Bug fixes
within support period,
Unlimited upgradation
of version within
support period, NA

Number of Years
upto which support
is available from
OEM for Updation
(Patches and Bug
fixes)

NA 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, NA

Number of Years
upto which support
is available from
OEM for Upgradation
of version

5 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, NA

Training Options NA On-Site, Virtual,
Training Material, NA

No of days Training
Provided

0 *

OPERATING SYSTEM
SOFTWARE(GOLDEN)

Number of Bits
supported by Offerd
product

32,64 32, 64

                               3 / 5



 

Operating System
Software Features

Real-time Operating
System

Real-time Operating
System, High
availability extension,
Resilient Storage,
Support for
Containerization, NA

OPERATING SYSTEM
SOFTWARE(GENERIC)

HARDWARE
REQUIREMENT AT
BUYER END

Minimum Hard Disk
Space Required for the
offered product

- *

Minimum RAM Size
required for the offered
product

- *

CPU configuration
required for the offered
product

- *

GENERIC PARAMETER Hyper link to Data
sheet

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 S Chittibabu 600041,Thiruvanmiyur
Chennai

13  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises for their compliance to the
contract specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any
external laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the
Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-
mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller
about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date
for testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch
inspection. Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received
at his location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously
been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External
Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any

                               4 / 5



 

delay in inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised
without Liquidated Damages.

2.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

3.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

