












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/685466

  Dated: 24-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 01-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-01 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Puducherry

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Services Department
Puducherry

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Deputy Director (public Health)

Total Quantity 1

Item Category ambulances

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 7



 

Ambulances ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine
Capacity (in cc)

2596 *

Type of Fuel Diesel Petrol, Diesel, CNG

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(in KM-Liter)

12 5 - 50

Top Speed
(KM/Hour)

100 30 - 200

Acceleration(0-100K
mPH)

28.49 1 - 60

Gradeability of Vehicle
(in Degrees)

15 *

Air Conditioning Without With, Without

Engine BHP@rpm
(HP@rpm)

- *

Engine Torque
Max@rpm (N-M@rpm)

- *

No. of Cylinder in
Engine

4 2 - 10

No.of Doors 4 *

Fuel Tank Capacity 63.5 10 - 100

Ground Clearance 160 *

Wheel Base 3050 *

Kerb Weight 2135 1 - 5000

Gross Vehicle
Weight

3140 Any applicable numeric
value

BIS marked
Pneumatic Tyres and
tubes for both front
and rear

Yes Yes

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Automatic, Manual

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/JgdBq4o8on69pynCfO6RPiXKBFpLJ3PT07ptyTAh570


 

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears

5 *

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel drive( Rear
Wheel)

Two Wheel drive( Front
Wheel), Two Wheel
drive( Rear Wheel),
Four Wheel drive

Drive Axle Rear Front, Rear, All

Type of Steering Power Manual, Power

Turning Radius 7000 *

Vehicle Brake ABS
Fitted

Yes Yes, No

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake Drum Brake, Disc Brake

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake Drum Brake, Disc Brake

Vehicle Air Intake
System

TurboCharged Natural, Supercharged,
TurboCharged

Driver Airbag No Yes, No

Certification
Parameters

Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Conformity to G S R
868(E),Central Motor
Vehicles(Ninth Amen
dment)Rules,2016
and Road Ambulance
as per AIS-125(Pt-
I)2014with all
amendments till
date

Yes (except for
Constructional and
Functional
Requirements for Road
Ambulances of AIS-125
(Part 1) not applicable
for Armed Forces, para-
military forces and
police forces)

Yes (except for
Constructional and
Functional
Requirements for Road
Ambulances of AIS-125
(Part 1) not applicable
for Armed Forces, para-
military forces and
police forces)

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Time (in
months)

36 12 - 60

Warranty Distance
(Km) unlimited in
warranty period

No yes, No

Warranty Distance
(Km) If not unlimited in
warranty period

300000 *

Battery Warranty (in
months)

12 *

No. Of Free Service 6 1 - 10

Low Fuel warning
Light

Without With, Without

Central Locking No Yes, No

Transportation Charges
including transient
insurance and
temporary
registration(in Rs/Km)

- *

                               3 / 7



 

Constructional
Parameters

Vehicle Colour Type Solid Solid

Colour of the Vehicle White White

Type of Vehicle Body Chassis Frame Chassis Frame,
Monocoque

Length of Vehicle
Body (mm)

5120 1 - 10000

Width of Vehicle Body 1818 *

Height of Vehicle Body 2027 *

Boot Space (in
Litres)

0 0.0

Size Of Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Wheel - *

Number of
Stretchers

1 1 - 10

Hat type tube
diameter for body of
main structure
welded with

NA for Monocoque 25 mm, NA for
Monocoque

Hat type tube
diameter( thickness)
for side and roof of
main structure
welded with

NA for Monocoque 1.6 mm, NA for
Monocoque

Base Frame
Structure

ISMC ISMC, NA for
Monocoque

Exterior Panel of
side body and roof

NA for Monocoque Aluminium sheetof
thickness 1 mm (min),
NA for Monocoque

Interior Panel of side
body and roof

NA for Monocoque GI sheet of thickness
0.8 mm (min), NA for
Monocoque

Flooring Made Out
from ISI Marked 12
mm thick BWR grade
plywood covered
with Vinyle/
Aluminum sheet

Yes Yes, No

Seating Plan Yes Yes

Doors Yes Yes

Glasses No No

Medical cabinet
inside of rear saloon

Yes Yes

swiveling Fan in side
of rear saloon

Yes Yes, No

SS washbasin with
water tank in side of

No No

                               4 / 7



 

rear saloon

Exhaust Fan No Yes, No

Other fitments -
Roof revolving light,
Siren etc

Yes Yes

Rear Saloon Yes Yes

Boot Space
availability

No No

Day & Night View
Mirror

No Yes, No

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 S Moorthy 605001,Victor Simonel
Street,

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category ambulances 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck

                               5 / 7



 

Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

                               6 / 7



 

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

