












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706215

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name North Western Railway

Total Quantity 1350

Item Category lead acid battery

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Past Performance,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 47520

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 4

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
FA and CAO NWR
North Western Railway, NA, N/A, Ministry of Railways
(Fa And Cao Nwr)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Lead Acid Battery ( 1350 pieces )

                               2 / 5



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Types of Lead Acid
of Battery

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Nominal Voltage of
Battery (volts)

12.0 Volt 12.0 Volt

Material of container ABS ABS

Rated Capacity at
C20 discharge (AH)

12 12

Warranty (Years) 2 Years 2 Years

Battery Condition Dry Charged *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dimensions (L x W x H)
(mm x mm x mm)

As per relevant IS
Specifications

*

Volume of Electrolyte
(ml)

- *

Weight of Dry Battery
(Kg) shall be as per
relevant IS: Specn.,
corresponding Ah

Yes. *

No.of cells per Battery
(No.)

6 Cells for 12 Volt
battery

*

Certifications Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accrediated Lab
showing conformity to
the specifications

Yes *

Address of the Lab - *

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Compulsory
Registration (CRS) of
BIS for safety as per IS
16046 as applicable.
Secondary Cells and
(Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-
acid Electrolytes-Safety

- *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/pxNqXRsO7NvTpodxNflwaX3pPEcf-NCeMgQfE__2P2g


 

Requirements for
Portable sealed
secondary cells, and for
Batteries made from
them for use in
portable applications

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sharwan Kumar 342001,General Stores
Depot, Near Railway
Workshop, Ratanada,
Jodhpur

1250  45

2 Yatindra Singh
Sahwal

305001,Diesel, Loco and
Wagon Workshop, NWR,
Ajmer

100  45

Special terms and conditions for category lead acid battery 

1.Battery serial number list shall be furnish by the seller along with the supply of the battery
to Buyer

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of FA and CAO NWR  A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For
release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making
endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of FA and CAO NWR
payable at Jaipur.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,

                               4 / 5



 

etc.
5.Registration / Empanelment Requirement: Contract shall be awarded to only such

sellers , who are registered / empanelled / approved / enlisted with ICF. Only makes
mentioned in ICF spec ELEC/917 will be accepted.TAFE/EXIDE/AMARA RAJA for the required
goods / service category on the date of bid opening. Prospective bidders (if not already
registered), are advised to get themselves registered with the said registration authority
before bid opening date. (It is certified that the registration is granted by the registering
agency as per Rule 150 of GFR following a fair, transparent and reasonable procedure.)

6.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of FA and CAO NWR A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For
release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after
making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering
letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in place of PBG
and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award
of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

