












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700519

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Directorate Of Purchase And Stores

Total Quantity 600

Item Category ac static watthour meters-Energy meter

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 17808

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 4



 

Beneficiary: 
The President of India (acting through the Director, Purchase & Stores)
Department of Atomic Energy, N/A, PMO, Government of India, 1st floor, Vikram Sarabhai Bhavan,
Anushaktinagar, Mumbai - 400 094.
(Krishnaji Ganpatrao Bilaskar, Apo)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Ac Static Watthour Meters-Energy Meter ( 600 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

FEATURES Number of phases single phase two wire single phase two wire

Reference Voltage 240 240.0

Basic Current Ib 20 20.0

Rated maximum
current (I max) as
(%) of lb

400 400.0

Accuracy Class 1 1

GENERIC Features
/requirements
conforming to the
STC of the product

yes yes

Requirement of
External Current
Transformer

No *

CERTIFICATION ISI marked to IS
13779/99 with latest
amendments

Yes *

CM/L No(Not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

ADDITIONAL FEATURES Additional
features/functions, if
any

- *

TEST REPORT DETAILS Availability of Test
Reports from Central

yes yes

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/luy2TU0NB9773h1mDFQhw6xxtWiubYkJdpc4ftZBNI8


 

Govt / NABL
approved / ILAC
acredited lab to
prove conformity to
the specification

Test Report number
and date (Not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

Name and address of
laboratory (Not a part
of biddable parameter)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ramavath Vijay
Kumar

500062,HRPSU, NFC, P.O.
ECIL,

600  30

Special terms and conditions for category ac static watthour meters-Energy meter 

1. In addition to general terms and conditions to the GeM, following are the special T&C
1.All Electronic Meters shall meet the latest requirements of Central Electricity

Authority (Installation & Operation of meters)Regulations.
2.Meters shall be provided with following anti-tampering features:

1.The meter shall not get damaged or rendered non-functional and shall
operate accurately even if any phase and neutral are interchanged. LED or
LCD indication shall be provided on the meter wherever such tamper occurs
for indication purpose.

2.The meter shall register energy even when the return path of the load
current is not terminated back at the meter and in such a case the circuit
shall be completed through the earth. In case of metallic bodies, the earth
terminal shall be brought out and provided on the outside of the case.

3.Meter shall operate accurately even when incoming mains is connected to
outgoing terminals and load is connected to incoming terminals. LED or LCD
indication shall be provided on the meter wherever such tamper occurs.

4.Three Phase meters shall have anti tampering features like Phase sequence
reversal, current reversal, missing potential and missing neutral.

5. In the case of 3 phase/4 wire system, the meter shall keep working even in
the presence of any two wires i.e.even in the absence of neutral and any one
phase or any two phases.

6. In case of whole current meters and LV-CT operated meter, the meter shall
be capable of recording energy correctly even if input and output terminals
are interchanged.

7.The registration must occur whether input phase or neutral wire are

                               3 / 4



 

connected properly or they are interchanged at the input terminals.
8.The meter shall be factory calibrated and shall be sealed suitably before

dispatch.
9.Neutral missing feature: Meter will register energy even if neutral is

disconnected from both ends and load is earthed in single phase.
3.The meter shall be immune to external influences in respect of parameters covered

in IS:13779/99 with latest amendments.
4.All the three phase meters shall have data storage capacity for at least 35 days in a

non-volatile memory.
5.The meter shall have down loading facilities of metered data through Common Meter

Reading Instrument(CMRI).
6.The terminal block, terminal cover and meter case shall ensure reasonable safety

against spread of fire.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Pay and

Accounts Officer, CAU, DPS payable at Mumbai.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

4.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Pay & Accounts Officer, CAU, DPS payable at Mumbai. After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

