












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704583

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Heavy Industries And Public Enterprises

Department Name Department Of Heavy Industry

Organisation Name Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (bhel)

Office Name 10050019-corporate Office

Total Quantity 20

Item Category water storage tanks

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  80000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to

                               1 / 3



 

MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Water Storage Tanks ( 20 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 12701
(Latest)

Yes *

ISI Marked Yes Yes

CM/L No 7075672 *

Shape and
Construction

Shape of the Tank Cylinderical Vertical
Tank

Cylinderical Vertical
Tank

Number of Layers Double Layer Double Layer

Capacity Capacity of the Tank
(Litres)

500 500

Dimension Dimenstion of Tank as
per IS 12701(latest)

Yes *

Uses Uses Out Door Use Out Door Use

Test Reports Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./State
Govt/NABL/IL AC
accredited Lab
covering all the
Declared Parameters
as per IS Specification

- *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/PH4Gdv8cnh7-BuFQ05wLoyc8yo8QuS2im5Tg_JI8ykE


 

Test Reports to be
furnished to the buyer
on Demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ravindra Kumar
Alawat

201301,ESTATE OFFICE,
BHEL TOWNSHIP SECTOR
17, NOIDA

20  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 10

Quantity shall be supplied within 15 days of contract placement and thereafter 10 Quantity
per Month)

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

