












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714572
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Kanpur Municipal Corporation

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Utility Vehicles

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  47 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 23543

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

                               1 / 6



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Incharge Of Workshop
KANPUR MUNICIPAL CORPORATION, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, N/A, 1. Only Vehicle Manufacturer (
OEM) and Authorized Dealer Allow for Bid.
(Ambrish Kumar Yadav)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Utility Vehicles ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine Capacity
(cc)

2596 More than 2596.0 Or higher

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Vehicle Colour type Solid Solid, Metallic, Both solid
and metallic

Colour of the vehicle - white

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test Agency
under Rule 115of CMVR
1989) (in KM/Litre)

14.39 Any applicable numeric
value

Engine Gradeability
(Degree)

11.3 Any applicable numeric
value

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/muVqDEXRcFqQ77CmmR8ivX4dYvwJHbmilwb-c_v91yI


 

Air Conditioning Without With, Without

Engine BHP@rpm - *

Engine Torque (Max.)@rpm
(N-m@rpm)

- *

Number of Cylinders in
Engine

4 4.0 - 10.0 Or higher

Type Of Vehicle Body Monocoque *

Seating Capacity 1 *

Fuel Tank Capacity (Ltrs) 70 *

Ground Clearance (mm) 200 More than 200.0 Or higher

Wheel Base 3350 3350.0 - 5000.0 Or higher

Boot Space (Ltrs) 0 *

Kerb Weight 2660 2660.0 - 5000.0 Or higher

Gross Vehicle Weight 3965 3965.0

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Tube, Tubeless, Radial, Bias

Size Of Tyre - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Automatic, Manual

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears

5 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel Drive( Rear
Wheel)

Four Wheel drive, Two
Wheel drive( Front Wheel),
Two Wheel Drive( Rear
Wheel)

Drive Axle Rear Front, Rear, Front and rear

Type of Steering Power Manual, Power

Turning Radius (mm) 6500 *

Vehicle Brake ABS Fitted Yes Yes, No

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake Drum Brake, Disc Brake

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake Drum Brake, Disc Brake

Vehicle Air Intake
System

TurboCharged TurboCharged

Driver Airbag No *

Battery Make - *

Vehicle Gradeability (in
Degrees)

11.3 Any applicable numeric
value

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT Number

- *

Performance Parameters Warranty Time 36 12, 18, 24, 36

Battery Warranty 12 12, 24, 36

Warranty Distance
(unlimited during warranty
period)

No *

Warranty Distance(in KM) (If
not unlimited during
warranty period)

- *

No of Free Services 7 7.0 - 20.0 Or higher

                               3 / 6



 

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Transportation Charges
including transient
insurance and temporary
registration(in Rs)

- Any applicable text(s)

Constructional Parameters No.of Doors (Nos.) 3 *

Length of Vehicle Body 5615 Any applicable numeric
value

Width of Vehicle Body 1900 Any applicable numeric
value

Height of Vehicle Body 2550 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Wheel Alloy Wheel Simple, Alloy Wheel

Size of Wheel 381 *

Central Locking No *

Co -Driver Airbag No Yes, No

Side Airbag Rear No Yes, No

Rear seatbelt No Yes, No

Leather Seats No Yes, No

Day & Night View Mirror Without With, Without
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ambrish Kumar Yadav 208002,Kanpur Nagar Nigam ,
Motijheel , Kanpur

1  20

Special terms and conditions for category Utility Vehicles 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and Conditions (GTC) in
respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up and all taxes will be

indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM. The mark up will not be applicable for
Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer
will be quoted separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry of goods into the
State where the consignee is located. The Buyer / Consignee should also provide the Seller with
necessary Octroi Exemption Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of
Town Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and Duties such as
Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by the paying authority against
production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time of invoicing by
multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP while offering their
products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses - 20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with
Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles -
15%Water Truck Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric Cars
- 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like Troop Carriers, Water

                               4 / 6



 

Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra time involved in fabrication.
6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular model is the lowest and

no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of
GeM. In case of violation of this, GeM administration will review for removal of the model from
GeM including other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered model may upload their
vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These guidelines are applicable only on GeM and
Government Buyers shall utilize the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore, it shall be extra and

to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract Specifications.
2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without freight charges.

Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount will be blocked over and above the
total price inclusive of all taxes to cover the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate
basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate the freight amount at
actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis whichever is lower and the same should
be verified by the Buyer, before payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing their Contract. The
total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In case Buyer does so,
the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic Institute/Local Bodies etc.
shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM. Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only
applicable, if the procurement is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement
outside GeM portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the laid down procedure
for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made for similar vehicles
and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for Vehicles under
above mentioned categories as in these categories, only those models are up loaded on GeM for
which manufactures agreed to accept discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned
above against each type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go for bidding for
these products on account of large quantity or for any other reason, the manufactures of the
vehicles are exempted from submission of Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

                               5 / 6



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

