












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709324

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Chhattisgarh

Department Name Technical Education Department Chhattisgarh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Naya Raipur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category All in One PC ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 8



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

All In One PC ( 1 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make apple

Model appleimac27inchwith5kretinadisplaymrr02hna

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Processor Processor Make Intel Intel

Processor
Generation

8 8.0 Or higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

6 6, 8 Or higher

Processor Base
Frequency (GHz)

3.1 *

Processor
Description

Intel Core i5 Intel Core i5, Intel Core
i7, Intel Core i9 Or
higher

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/CrjPzqCYcwmlyo2AiTVoQil7Ho1vSxOLxHdwDbJntQc


 

Processor Number Intel Core i5 Turbo
Boost 4.3 GHz

Intel Core i5 8400, Intel
Core i5 8500, Intel Core
i5 8600, Intel Core i5
8600K, Intel Core i7
7700, Intel Core i7
8700T, Intel Core i7
7700K, Intel Core i5
8250U, Intel Core i7
8700, Intel Core i5
8700K, Intel Core i5
Turbo Boost 4.3 GHz,
Intel Core i5 Turbo
Boost 4.6 GHz, Intel
Core i5 9500, Intel Core
i5 9600, Intel Core i7
9700, Intel Core i9
9900, Intel Core i7
9700T Or higher

Out of Band
Management

NA *

Cache (MB) 6 *

Motherboard Chipset Series OEM Intel H Series, Intel B
Series, Intel Q Series,
OEM Or higher

Chipset Number On OEM Motherboard Intel H110, Intel H270,
Intel H310, Intel H370,
Intel B250, Intel B360,
Intel Q 250, Intel Q
270, Intel Q 370, On
OEM Motherboard Or
higher

Expansion Slots (M Dot
2)

0 *

Graphics Graphics Type Dedicated/Discrete *

Graphic Card
Description

Radeon Pro 575X ,4GB *

Size of Memory in
Case of Dedicated
Graphic Card (GB)

4 4, 8 Or higher

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics
(MB)

0 *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Mac OS Mac OS

Recovery Image Media CD from the OEM /
Stored in Partition of
the Hard Disk / USB
Drive from the OEM /
On Line / Cloud,

*

OS Certification Mac *

                               3 / 8



 

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 8 8, 16, 32 Or higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 2666 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

4 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

2 *

RAM Expandability
up to( using spare
DIMM Slots in GB)

64 64 Or higher

Storage Type of Drives used
to populate the
Internal Bays

HDD HDD

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
HDD

0 *

Capacity of each HDD
(GB)

NA *

Total HDD Capacity
(GB)

1000 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000 Or higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSD

0 *

Capacity of each SSD
(GB)

0 *

Total SSD Capacity
(GB)

0 128, 256, 384, 512,
768, 1024, 2048, 4096,
0 Or higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Display Display Size
(INCHES)

27 27, 34, 37.5 Or higher

Display Type Non Touch Non Touch, Touch Or
higher

Panel Technology IPS IPS Or higher

Display Resolution
(PIXELS)

5120x2880 5120x2880 Or higher

Availability of
Webcam integrated
with Display

Yes Yes

If yes, Resolution of
Webcam

FHD *

Availability of Speakers
integrated with Display

Yes *

If Yes, Number of
Speakers available

2 *

                               4 / 8



 

Connectivity Wireless Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

Wi-Fi 802.11ac *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

Type of Ethernet Ports 10/100/1000 on board
Integrated Gigabit Port

*

Bluetooth Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Version of
Bluetooth Available

4.2 *

Ports Number of USB Version
2 Point 0 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 0 / 3 point 1,
Gen 1 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 1, Gen 2 Ports

4 *

Number of USB Type C
Ports

2 *

Number of Serial Ports 0 *

Number of VGA Ports 0 *

Number of HDMI Ports 0 *

Number of DP Ports 0 *

Generic Optical Drive N/A *

Audio-in No *

Audio-out No *

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in No *

Stand Standard *

Power Power Supply Integrated *

Power Supply Capacity
(Watt)

240 *

Minimum Power
Efficiency Range (%)

91 - 95 *

Certification BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number and its Validity

R-41000450 *

ROHS Compliance Yes *

BEE / Energy Star for
the given Model

Yes *

Other Certification
Available

FCC *

                               5 / 8



 

Input Devices Mouse Connectivity Wireless *

Type of Mouse Optical Scroll *

Keyboard Connectivity Wireless *

Type of Keyboard Standard *

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

10 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

5 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

95 *

Warranty On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

1 1, 3, 5 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bharti Markam 493661,Dr. Shyama Prasad
Mukherjee International
Institute of Information
Technology (IIIT-Naya
Raipur), Plot No-07,
Sector-24, Near Muktangan,
Tuta, Raipur

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 1 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

                               6 / 8



 

5.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

8.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

10.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

11.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of

                               7 / 8



 

CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.
12. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

13.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

14.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

15.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

16.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 24/07/2020.

17.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 
Replacement of parts if required etc. (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming
compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking
onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

18.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

19.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

20.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

