












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713127
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Public Health And Family Welfare Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name 7652241240

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Ventilator

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  35 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or

                               1 / 9



 

through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Ventilator ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certifications Certifications for the
product

- *

Certificate number and date - *

Confirmity to quality
management standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to electrical
safety standards

IEC 60601-1 or ISO
80601-2-12 or BIS
equivalent

*

Performance Parameters Purpose Ventilators used to provide
invasive ventilation (e.g.,
with an endotracheal tube
or tracheostomy tube) or
noninvasive ventilation
(e.g., with a face mask).
This device provide
temporary or permanent
respiration for patients who
cannot breathe on their
own, or who require
assistance maintaining
adequate ventilation

*

Suitable for ICU Yes *

Patient type Adult & pediatric *

Type of technology Compressor *

If technology is compressor
based

Compressor should be
standalone

*

Tidal volume 50 ml or less - 1500 ml or
more

*

Peak Respiratory rate in
breaths/min

180 *

Trigger mechanism Both pressure and flow *

                               2 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/KAW_eyJZTpT3NcGby7OmnRhjqVhUtnejp7d83Dbwzi8


 

Trigger flow sensitivity 1 to 10 LPM *

Peak flow rate , LPM 240 *

FiO2 21-100% *

IE ratio 1:4 to 4:1 *

PEEP/CPAP, cm H2O
(increments of 1cm H2O)

0-30 *

Programmable/adjustable
sign

Yes *

Ventilation monitoring
facility

Microprocessor Controlled
ventilator with active
exhalation valve

*

Leak volume compensation Yes *

Volume accuracy 2-3% of full scale between
10 to 80 LPM

*

Inspiratory time 0.3 to 2.5 sec *

Pressure support 0-40 cm H2O *

Inspiratory pause Yes *

Auto 100% Increase O2
button

Yes *

Control panel lock Yes *

Facility for double lung
ventilation

No *

Undergo Automatic
calibration system on start
up

Yes *

Modes and Monitored
Parameters

Loops displayed Flow/Volume,
Pressure/Volume,
Pressure/Flow

*

Graphic display have
automatic scaling facility for
waves

Yes *

Maximum trending time 24 *

Lung recruitment tools (PV
loops)/OLT(Open lung tools)

Yes *

Lung mechanics
visualization tool

Yes *

Capnography/CO2
monitoring

No *

Esophageal/transpulmonary
pressure monitoring

Yes *

Stress index No *

Modes of ventilation Volume controlled, Pressure
Controlled, Pressure
Support, SIMV with Pressure
support ,SIMV with volume
control with pressure
support, ,CPAP/PEEP,Inverse
Ratio Ventilation,Non
invasisve ventilation,Apnea
/back up ventilation,SIMV
(VC) with Pressure support;
SIMV (PC) with Pressure
Support; SIMV (PRVC) with
Pressure Support, Bi-phasic

*

                               3 / 9



 

ASV(Adaptive support
ventilation) ALT

Yes *

APRV Yes *

MMV +PSV /ASV or ALPV or
Automode

Yes *

Automatic weaning mode Yes *

Displayed parameters Respiratory phase and type,
Exhaled tidal & minute
volume, Peak inspiratory
pressure , Mean airway
pressure, PEEP , Tidal
volume, Leak volume,
Minute volume,
Spontaneous minute
volume, FiO2 (analyzed %),
Respiratory rate ,
Inspiratory time, Expiratory
time, IE ratio, mean &
Plateau Pressure

*

RSBI No *

Static compliance and
resistance

Yes *

Low inflection point (LPI)
and upper inflection point
(UPI)

No *

Alarms Patient alarms Low/high FiO2, Low/high
minute volume , Low
inspiratory pressure , High
pressure, Low PEEP , High
PEEP, Apnea, Continuous
high pressure/occlusion,
Inverse IE, High respiratory
rate, Breathing circuit
disconnect

*

Equipment alarms Gas-supply failure , Power
failure, Vent inoperative,
Low battery, Self-diagnostic

*

Non-forced Slow Vital
Capacity

No *

Physiologic Dead space No *

Imposed work of Breathing (
WOBi)

No *

Expiratory Time constant (
Tcexp)

Yes *

Compliance static and
dynamic

Yes *

Inspired and expired
resistance

Yes *

Inspiratory and expiratory
hold

Yes *

Spontaneous frequency Yes *

Expiratory block is
autoclavable and no routine
calibration required

Yes *

Power disconnected Power supply unplugged *

Patient Disconnected "PIP < (Desired Pressure x *

                               4 / 9



 

0.6)"

High Inspiratory Pressure "PIP < (Desired Pressure x
0.6)"

*

High PEEP "PEEP > Set PEEP + 2 or 6
Consecutive cycles"

*

High Respiratory Rate RR > 70 *

Power Sensor Failure Power sensor fails to
respond

*

Ventilator Temperature
Error

The core temperature of
ventilator CPU greater than
85 °C

*

System Failure (Safe Mode) "Vital components inactive" *

Low Tidal Volume VTi < Set VT * 0.75 for 6
consecutive cycles

*

Alarm history >100 alarms
or minimum 16 alarms
/event

Yes *

Time for Displayed Trends
Values

48 hours *

Power requirement and data
management

RS 232 output port Yes *

USB/Memory card Yes *

Availability of Remote
alarm/display port

Yes *

Facility to Report (vent
alarms and patient status)

Yes *

HLT Compliant out put Yes *

Type of colored display TFT *

Display should be touch
screen

Yes *

Size of screen 10 inch or more *

Power supply 220-240 V , 50 Hz AC single
phase

*

Length of Power cord 3 *

Provision of UPS No *

Battery backup time
(tolerance of 30 minutes
minus and plus side
allowed)

4 *

Type of battery Lithium - ion *

Power of battery in watt/hr 60 *

Programmable ultrasonic
nebulizer

External *

Additional Accessories Patient tubing for Adult and
pediatric

2 each *

NIV mask(Re usable)-
medium and large

2 Each *

Type of flow sensor Reusable *

No of reusable flow sensor 2 *

No of disposable flow sensor NA for reusable *

Autoclavable exhalation 2 *

                               5 / 9



 

valve/expiratory casette /
filter

Humidifier: Servo controlled
with digital monitoring of
inspired gas temperature
with heating wire and arm
holder

NA *

Trolley for ventillator with
circuit holding arm

Yes *

Test lung for adult and
pediatric

1 Each *

Miscellaneous Parameters Comprehensive Warranty 5 5.0

Compressor certification EU CE *

Compressor shall provide an
oil free Medical air, with
Peak output flow and Air
quality complying with ISO
compressed air purity class

Yes *

Medical Air Compressor
should automatically
activate in the event of wall
air supply loss and
replacement of internal
filters should be performed
without removing the
compressor, have washable
air filter

Yes *

Compressor should be from
same manufacturer or OEM

Yes *

Certification to supply the
spare parts

OEM/Reseller ( if supplied by
reseller shall ensure
uninterputed availabilty of
all spares for 10 years)

*

Availabilty of toll free facility
for technical support
maintened by OEM or
authorised agencies

Yes *

User/Technical/Maintenance
manuals to be supplied in
English in hard and soft
copy

Yes *

Details of equipments and
procedures required for
local calibration and routine
maintenance to be supplied
and advanced maintenance
task documentation also to
be furnished

Yes *

List of spares List of important spares and
accessories, with their part
numbers and price lists to
be supplied to the buyer at
the time of supplying the
equipment

*

Installation and training Installation of equipment
and training to be provided
after completing supplies
before acceptance

*

Service Center (24x7 The Principal Manufacturer *

                               6 / 9



 

service) must have direct
Presence/approved service
center In India

Copies of reports and
certifications to be furnished
to buyer on demand at time
of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Atul Kumar Singh 484001,KUSHA BHAU THAKARE
JILA CHIKITSALAY SHAHDOL

2  15

Special terms and conditions for category Ventilator 

1.(i) Comprehensive warranty: Comprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance including calibration
as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares,. During the
warranty period commencing from date of the successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall
visit each consignee site as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least
once in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98% uptime warranty
during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend warranty period by
double the downtime period.(ii) Service centres: Details of Service outlets in India to render services for
equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time
of making the supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are
available to cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the service calls
can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online registration of service requests also to be
provided buyer/consignee at the time of supplies.(iii) Source of supply: It shall be responsibility of seller to
provide Documents regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to
establish that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from them .(iv) Packing
and Marking: Medical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for the goods should be strong and
durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without
any damage, deterioration etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final
destination of the goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit
up to final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages and provision
of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of medical equipments being supplied.
The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with
indelible paint of proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including
quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.(v) Spare
Parts: Seller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured and supplied by the
OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of
supplies .In case due to any reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice
should be given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient inventories to
assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that the same are available.OEM or
reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most
competitive price for spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied(vi) Installation, Training,
Manuals: Seller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of
the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the completion of the
installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and
Supplying required number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters
are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be
applicable.(vii) Electrical safety checking: Sellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee .They should make sure to
periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not
have required equipment for such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety
compliance through labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call.(viii)
Software: All software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period

                               7 / 9



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can

form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

7.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement by some foreign
governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not allowed to participate in this bid in
terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017

9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are
validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

10.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

11.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

12.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

13.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

                               8 / 9



 

Service Support.
14.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
15.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
16.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
17.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

