












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712006

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Karnataka

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Potable water purification system de-ionization based

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  19 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 7



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Potable Water Purification System De-ionization Based ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for the
product

CE CE

Certification number
and date

- *

Manufacturers Quality
System Certifications

ISO 9001:2015 *

Performance
Parameters

Maximum Input
Water TDS allow to
the system

up to 1500 up to 1500

Type of water
purification technology

Electro DE IONIZATION
method

*

Operation Fully automatic *

Ultraviolet (UV) Yes Yes

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/n1Z2UkBszLn-LjzNRH-6_LZ0GaSJYpSMlL92MDrPIyg


 

LAMP

Conformity to
Standard for
Ultraviolet system

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet
disinfection

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet
disinfection

"Ultra Violet (UV) Lamp
power in watts (Put 0 if
UV not provided)

10 *

Electro de-ion
Module

Micro(For 10 LPH) Micro(For 10 LPH)

Reference voltage
for Electro dine
Module)

9 v 9 v

Total Dissolved
Solids Removal
Percentage

90% 90%

Recovery at 27
degree Centigrade

60-70 60-70

Output Water
Conforming standard

IS 10500 (latest) *

Out put water
generation capacity
in litre/ hour

10 10

Provision of Arsenic
removal

No No

Provision of Floride
removal

Yes Yes

Provision of Chloride
removal

Yes Yes

Hardness removal Yes Yes

Digiflow meter No No

Raw water feeding
pump

No No

Micron Filter Yes Yes

Pre filter housing Yes Yes

Type of pre filter PP Spun PP Spun

Pre filter size 10 inch 10 inch

Particulate filter
porosity

5 micron 5 micron

Storage tank Inbuilt Inbuilt

Storage tank
material

HDPE HDPE

Storage Tank
Capacity in L

10 10

Minimum inlet pressure 0.3 KG/CM2 *

                               3 / 7



 

Maximum inlet
pressure

3.5 KG/CM2 *

Maximum inlet
temperature

35 degree *

Digital display Yes Yes

Real time TDS
display

Yes Yes

Real time pH Display No No

Raw water/Chemical
Raw water/Chemical
Cleaning PUMP

No No

Body of filter ABS Food grade ABS Food grade

Auto cut Yes *

Number of outer
filters

2 2

Installation Type Floor Mounted with
stand

Floor Mounted with
stand

Antiscalant- where
silica is up to 10
ppm/where Mica is
up to 100 ppm

Yes Yes

Power supply 230 V single phase 230 V single phase

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Warranty in years
including
replacement of
filters twice a year)

1 1

Availability of type test
Test REPORT for
Filtering Size of
Particles

Yes *

TYPE Test certificate No
and date for Filtering
Size of Particles

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Filtering Size of
Particles

- *

Availability of type Test
Report for output
quality of water as per
IS 10500 from
Government/NAML/Ilac
lab

Yes *

Test certificate No and
date

- *

Name of the lab which
conducted the test for

- *

                               4 / 7



 

water quality

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Availability of toll free
centers for customer
support

Yes *

Installation and
Commissioning
inclusive in the
scope of Supply

Yes Yes

Availability of test
report on Microbial
efficacy from
Govt/NABL/ILAC Lab

Yes *

Inlet Pipe & Fitting
from raw water
scorces to water
purification system

suitable pipe and fitting
to be provided by seller
up to 15 feet

suitable pipe and fitting
to be provided by seller
up to 15 feet

Pipe & Fitting from
Out let to purified
water tank

to be arranged by
seller (upto 15ft)

to be arranged by
seller (upto 15ft)

Electrical fitting and
plug points

To be arranged by
buyer /consignee

*

Scope Civil Work if any
required during
installation

All Civil work shall be
responsibility of buyer

*

Copies of certifications
and reports to be given
to buyer at time of
supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dr. Anil N S 560010,ESIC MC, PGIMSR &
Model Hospital, 2nd Block,
Rajajinagar

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 7



 

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): OEM certificate/ OEM
authorization certificate.

12.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 
Comprehensive warranty include preventive maintenance including calibration as per
technical/ Service / operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares.
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

13.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

14.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be

                               6 / 7



 

charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

15.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

