












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713571
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Department Of Space, Isro

Total Quantity 3

Item Category Compatible Cartridge

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Compatible Cartridge ( 3 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/WqzkqcXsyld7YSOgKNwl0kM80KMSUUAfNDdWGpEkr2Q


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Product Class Compatible (Factory New)
cartridge

Compatible (Factory New)
cartridge

Type of Cartridge Toner Toner

Make of Compatible
cartridge

- *

Model of Compatible
cartridge

- *

Corresponding Part number/
code of Compatible
cartridge

- *

OEM Brand for which
Compatible cartridge is
suitable

HP HP

OEM Ink/Toner/Drum
Cartridge Model Number
for which compatible
cartridge is suitable

30A 30a

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Compatible
cartridge is suitable

M203.MF227 m203.mf227

Yield of Compatible
cartridge as per
ISO/IEC:19752/2004(E)
for Bk &
ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (C,M,Y& K
individually)(No)

1600 1600

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajesh Singh 380015,Central Stores, Space
Applications Centre, Ambawadi
Vistar PO

3  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local

supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

                               2 / 3



 

2.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

