












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712501
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Public Health And Family Welfare Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name Health Department,madhya Pradesh

Office Name Alirajpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the

                               1 / 6



 

bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to Certifications - *

Certification Number and
Date

- *

Type test approval from
AERB required

Yes *

Type test certificate date
and number

- *

Conformity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-2-54 or BIS
equivalent

*

Performance Parameters Purpose C arms fluoroscopes are
used in a variety of general
surgical, cardiac, and
neurological applications,
including aneurysm repair,
pacemaker implantation,
hip replacement, fracture
reduction, foreign-body
location, needle biopsy,
catheter placement, pain
management, per-
cutaneous lithotripsy, and
brachytherapy

*

UMDNS Name and Code 1. Fluoroscopic Units,
Portable - 18-434 2. Radio
graphic/Fluoroscopic Units,
Mobile - 11-758 3. Radio
graphic/Fluoroscopic Units,
Extremity - 18-435

*

The System should be
microprocessor controlled,
compact and mobile
offering excellent Image
details

Yes *

Type of Mechanical
Motion of C Arm

Manual Manual

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Dlhe3YbqxZbMNGZ2HlEfSG_PAIkVU-Rm_uV4gJvhGtc


 

Horizontal movement Of C
Arm in mm

210 *

Vertical Movement Of C Arm
in mm

430 *

Angulation Movement of
C Arm in degrees

± 180 ± 180

Radius (Immersion Depth)of
C arm in mm

650 *

Source to Image
Distance in mm

900-950 900-950

Arc Orbital Movement of
C Arm

At least +90° - 30° At least +90° - 30°

Total width of C Arm in mm(
Free space of C arm)

745 *

Panning Movement of C
Arm ( Swivel movement)

±12.5º ±12.5º

Safety Feature available for
C Arm Movement

a. Locks for all the
movements. b. Control
Stand foot lock. c. Steering
wheel for easy steering &
movement

*

Range of Frequency of X
ray Generator in khz

41-50 41-50

Generator Power output
in Kw

5 5

Fluoroscopy Range in
kvp

40-120 40-120

Fluoroscopy mA range,
maximum in mA

0.2 to 7 0.2 to 7

Dual focus Rotating
Anode X-Ray Tube of
focal spot

0.3mm² (small) & 0.6mm²
(large)

0.3mm² (small) & 0.6mm²
(large)

Anode heat storage
capacity with tolerance
±10%

100 KHU 100 KHU

Modes Available Continuous fluoro, Pulsed
Fluoro, Radiographic Mode

*

Pulses per sec 1 to 25 1 to 25

Mode selection for Kv
and mA

Automatic Automatic

Type of Image Intensifier 9 " triple Field 9 " triple Field

Number of Monitors
provided on intensifier
system

2 (One for LIH and one for
memory display )

2 (One for LIH and one for
memory display )

Type of monitor to be
provided with intensifier
system

LCD LCD

Size of Monitors in inch 17-20 17-20

Type of Collimator
controlled

Fixed Collimation Slot Fixed Collimation Slot

Type of Camera CCD Camera CCD Camera

Camera Resolution in
pixels

0.5K x 0.5K 0.5K x 0.5K

                               3 / 6



 

Acquisition of Camera 10 bits 10 bits

Contrast ratio of intensifier
unit

10:1 to 30:1 *

Image storage capacity
in images

20000 to 50000 20000 to 50000

Image reversal Yes *

Zoom function available 2x 2x

Monitor with trolley Yes *

Sterile covers for C-Arm/X-
Ray tube/ Image Intensifier

Yes *

DICOM Compatibility Yes Yes

The system should be
ready to connect with
HIS/ PACS

Yes Yes

Data transfer Both USB and CD?DVD Both USB and CD?DVD

Lead Aprons - Full body and
Skirt type

(0.5pb) 4 number each *

No of Thyroid shield and
Gonald Shield

4 number each *

Radiation/Fuoro Exposure
delivery Switch

Hand Switch and Foot
Switch

*

Display of mA, KV and other
safety features on C - arm
Console

Yes *

Radiography through
Cassette with holder

Yes Yes, No

Size of Cassette holder
provided (for
radiographic mode) in
inch x inch

10 x 12 14 x 17, 12 x 12, 10 x 12, 8
x 10, Not provided

Patient demographic detail
entry facility

Yes *

Upgradable option to
digital substration of
angigraphy and
peripheral angiography

No Yes, No

"Automatic image
parameter selection with
capability of switching on to
manual selection"

Yes *

Operating temperature &
humidity

0 to 25 deg C and relative
humidity of 15-90%

*

Type of Power Supply Single phase, 220- 240 Vac,
50Hz-16 Amps Socket

*

UPS Availability External External

UPS backup time in
minutes

15 15

Servo Stabilizer supplied Yes Yes, No

Rating of Servo
Stabilizer

Not provided Not provided

User/Technical/Maintenance
manuals to be supplied in
English in hard and soft

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

copy

Installation, Demonstration
and training to be provided
at consignee end

Yes *

The Principal Manufacturer
Must Have Direct
Presence/approved service
center In India

Yes *

Comprehensive Warranty
in Years

5 5

QA, QC and other tests as
per NABH shall be carried
out by OEM or authorized
agency of OEM

Yes *

Reports Confirmity to
Manufacturing Standards

ISO 13485 ISO 13485

Certification number and
date

- *

Copies of all calibration and
test reports and
certifications to be
submitted at the time of
Supply of Machine

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajendra Solanki 457887,District Hospital Campus,
Jhabua Road, Alirajpur

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category C ARM FLUOROSCOPE X RAY MACHINE 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as
per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares,. During the warranty
period commencing from date of the successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each
consignee site as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six
months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during
warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend warranty period by double the
downtime period.Service centresDetails of Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be
furnished to buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the
supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to cater to
the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the service calls can be handled
.Details of toll free numbers for service call and online registration of service requests also to be provided
buyer/consignee at the time of supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents
regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish that the
products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from them.Packing and MarkingMedical
equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for the goods should be strong and durable enough to
withstand transit including transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage,
deterioration etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the
goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to final
destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages and provision of
accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of medical equipments being supplied. The
accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with
indelible paint of proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including

                               5 / 6



 

quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured and supplied by the
OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of
supplies .In case due to any reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice
should be given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient inventories to
assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that the same are available.OEM or
reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most
competitive price for spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training,
ManualsSeller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of
the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the completion of the
installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and
Supplying required number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters
are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be
applicable. Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of equipments for
carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They should make sure to periodically
check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required
equipment for such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through
labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All software updates
should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

