












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/689551

  Dated: 01-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-18 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 6

Item Category Binocular Indirect Ophthalmoscope -(RBSK)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 26914

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Managing Director GMSCL
Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (GMSCL) , Block no-14 Dr.Jivraj Mehta Bhavan Sector
10 Gandhinagar 382010
(Dr.suman Ratnam)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 7



 

Binocular Indirect Ophthalmoscope -(RBSK) ( 6 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Binocular Indirect
ophthalmoscope

*

Purpose To observe health of
the retina and the
vitreous humor

*

Utility Opthalmology *

PRODUCT TECHNICAL
FEATURES

Compact design, light
weight, easy to carry
and use

Yes *

High Contrast and clear
image

Yes *

Equipped with soft and
comfortable
upholstered padded
headband

Yes *

Should have simple
controls for adjusting
the headband

Yes *

Illumination rheostat is
located on the
headband for easy
accessibility and
adjustable

Yes *

Should include various
hand held lenses

Yes *

Should Have all pupil
feature

Yes *

Should have Stereo
optical system

Yes *

wide angle diffuser Yes *

Filters Cobalt blue and Green *

IR and UV filters are
integrated

Yes Yes

Adjustable Inter-
pupillary distance
(IPD) (mm)

75 49 - 75

Must have Aspheric
biconvex lens

20D and 28D 20D and 28D

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/N4EfvQUf10nOYMUFsZCoYK3abD2cKKUho3H4i0A1rcU


 

Working distance
(Cm)

40 40.0

Lamp type with good
illumination

LED bulb LED bulb

Easily accessible for
replacement of bulb for
uninterrupted work

Yes *

Easily accessible and
fully controllable light
on headband

Yes *

Complete unit to be
easily washable and
sterilizable using both
alcohol

Yes *

Headset dimensions, all
adjustable
(LengthxWidthx Height)
(CmxCmxCm)

- *

Headset Weight
(gm)

600 to 700 600 to 700

ELECTRICAL FEATURES Power supply 220+/-10% V, 50/60
Hz, AC Single phase

220+/-10% V, 50/60
Hz, AC Single phase

Rechargeable
battery pack

6V, 5W output 6V, 5W output

Type of battery Li-ion Li-ion

Battery back-up time
(hrs)

4 to 8 4 to 8

PACKING MODE Packing kit contains the
product with
accessories viz
Batteries, filters, lamp,
power chord in a
carrying box/hard case

Yes *

Packing Each kit Individually
packed

*

ENVIRONMENTAL
CONSIDERATIONS

Capable of stored
continuously in
ambient storage
conditions in ideal
circumstances

0 deg C to 50 deg C, 15
to 90% RH

*

Capable of operating
continuously in
ambient conditions in
ideal circumstances

10 deg C to 40 deg C,
15 to 90% RH

*

CERTIFICATIONS &
REPORTS

Submission of all
certificates and Test
Report from the
appropriate authority
to prove the conformity

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

to declared
specification at the
time of supply

Product certification US-FDA US-FDA

Certification,
performance and
safety standards
specific to the device

- *

INSTALLATION &
TRAINING

Supplier to perform
installation, safety and
operation checks
before handover

Yes *

Training of users in
operation and basic
maintenance shall be
provided

Yes *

WARRANTY &
MAINTENANCE

Warranty (Yrs) 3 3

User technical and
maintenance manual
detailing complete
maintaining schedule
with routine
maintenance should be
provided

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier
and local service agent
to be provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dr.Mohamadsalim
Patiwala

394650,General hospital
vyara opp daxinapath
vidhayalaya surat dulia
highway vyara

1  45

2 Yogesh Dave 360001,Padmakunvarba
Hospital , Palace road , Near
Gundawadi police chowki ,
Rajkot. 360001.

1  45

3 Manthan Trivedi 364710,GENERAL HOSPITAL
(SONAWALA), NR.RAILWAY
CROSSING SARANGPUR

1  45

                               5 / 7



 

ROAD, BOTAD

4 Jashvantkumar
Khatubhai Patel

389260,State Hospital,
Santrampur Santrampur-
Lunawada Road, Ta.
Santrampur; Dist. Mahisagar
; Pin - 389260

2  45

5 Dr. Bharatlumar
Vanvi

360311,GOVERNMENT
HOSPITAL GONDAL,BHAGVA
TPARA,GONDAL 360311

1  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 6
Quantity shall be supplied within 45 days of contract placement and thereafter 6 Quantity
per Week / Fortnight / Month / Quarter)

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited A/C (Name of the
Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand
or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

7.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Managing Director, Gujarat Medical Services Corporation limited Account
No. 32638352973 IFSC Code SBIN0008434 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address
NSC Branch, Gandhinagar. Finance.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the

                               6 / 7



 

average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

13.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

