












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706387

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name South Eastern Railway

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Potable water purification system Reverse Osmosis or
UV based

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Potable Water Purification System Reverse Osmosis Or UV Based ( 2
pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for the
product

CE CE

Certification number
and date

- *

Manufacturers
Quality System
Certifications

ISO 9001:2015 ISO 9001:2015

Manufacturers
Environment
Management System
Certifications

ISO 14001:2004 ISO 14001:2004

Manufacturers
Health and Safety
Management System
Certifications

ISO 18001:2007 ISO 18001:2007

Performance
Parameters

Maximum Input
Water TDS allowed
to the system

1000 1000

Type of water
purification
technology

UV RO, UV

Aavailability of
sediment and activated
carbon filter

Yes *

Operation Fully automatic with
auto cut off

Fully automatic with
auto cut off

Ultraviolet (UV)
LAMP

Yes Yes

Conformity to
Standard for
Ultraviolet system

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet
disinfection

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet
disinfection

"Ultra Voilet (UV) Lamp
power in watts (Hint
put zero in case UV is
not available)"

40 *

Recovery at 27
degree Centigrade

90-100 90-100

Output Water
Conforming standard

IS 10500 (latest) *

Filtration Capacity in
liter/ hour

100 100

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/JE-DZbJIxL1pRnzoE94T97AiHNTFVsRPz3DxQRCIgcQ


 

Provision of Arsenic
removal

No No

Provision of Floride
removal

No No

Provision of Chloride
removal

No No

Alkaline filter No No

Storage tank Inbuilt Inbuilt

Type of out put
water Storage Tank

Stainless Steel Stainless Steel

Storage Tank
Capacity (storage
tank external for
higher capacity if
required to be
arranged by buyer)

50ltr 50ltr

Minimum inlet
pressure

0.3 KG/CM2 0.3 KG/CM2

Maximum inlet
pressure

3.5 KG/CM2 *

Maximum inlet
temperature

35 DEGREE 35 DEGREE

Digital display No No

Real time TDS
display

No No

Real time pH Display No No

High pressure pump No No

Raw water/Chemical
Raw water/Chemical
Cleaning PUMP

No No

Micron Filter Yes Yes

Total Dissolved
Solids Removal
Percentage from RO
Membrane

NA for UV only NA for UV only

Particulate Filter
Porosity

5 micron 5 micron

Pressure vessel
Sand Filter

No No

Pressure vessel
carbon Filter

No No

Pressure Vessel Dual
Media Filter

No No

Membrane Housing No No

Body of filter ABS Food grade ABS Food grade

                               3 / 8



 

Auto cut Yes Yes

Number of candles 4 4

Power supply 230 Volt single phase 230 Volt single phase

Installation Type Floor Mounted Floor Mounted

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Warranty in years
including
replacement of
filters Sediment &
carbon twice a year)

1 1

Warranty in years
free replacement of
machine

NA NA

Antiscalant- where
silica is up to 10
ppm/where Mica is
up to 100 ppm

No No

Availabilty of type
test Test REPORT for
Filtering Size of
micron Particles

No No

TYPE Test certificate No
and date for Filtering
Size of micron Particles

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Filtering Size of micron
Particles:

- *

Availability of type Test
Report on Microbial
Efficacy from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab

- *

Type Test certificate No
and date for Microbial
Efficacy

- *

Name of the lab - *

Availability of test
report from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab
(Design Evalution
Report as per
IS:14724

Yes Yes

Test certificate No and
date

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test

- *

Availability of test
report from

Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

Govt/NABL/ilac Lab
regarding water quality
as per IS:10500

Type Test certificate No
and date

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted type Test
regarding water quality

- *

Copies of certifications
and reports to be given
to buyer at time of
supplies

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Availability of toll
free centers for
customer support

Yes Yes

Installation and
Commissioning
inclusive in the
scope of Supply*

Yes Yes

Availability of NABL
Accredited
Laboratory Facility
with OEM

Yes Yes

Name and Address of
NABL Accredited lab
with OEM , If Not
available put NA

- *

Inlet Pipe & Fitting
from raw water
scorces to water
purification system

Not applicable Not applicable

Pipe & Fitting from
Out let to purified
water tank

To be arranged by
buyer /consignee

To be arranged by
buyer /consignee

Electrical fitting and
plug points

To be arranged by
buyer /consignee

*

Scope Civil Work if any
required during
installation

All Civil work shall be
responsibility of buyer

*

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               5 / 8



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Subir Chowdhury 721301,Office of the Sr.
DMM/KGP, Bunglow no. 251,
in front of DRM building,
near SBI ATM, Kharagpur.

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): CONSIGNEE
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: CONSIGNEE

3.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

                               6 / 8



 

6. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

7.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

8.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

13.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

14.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

15.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

16.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 1YEAR
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

17.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

                               7 / 8



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

