












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705044

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Coalfields Limited

Office Name Central Coalfields Limited

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Industrial Refrigerator,Chiller and Deep Freezer

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                               1 / 4



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Industrial Refrigerator,Chiller And Deep Freezer ( 4 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM item Deep Freezer Industrial Refrigerator,
Deep Freezer

DESIGN No of Door Single Single

Position of Door Top Opening Top Opening

Door Type Hinged Hinged

Air Tight Door Yes Yes

No Of shelves 0 0

Wheels Yes Yes

Visibility of Item
Stored

No No

Type of Insulation High Density PUF High Density PUF

Method of
Defrosting

Manually Deforested Manually Deforested

Type of cooling Direct Direct

Lock Yes *

MATERIAL Material of chamber
interior

ABS ABS

Material of chamber
exterior

Prepainted Sheet Prepainted Sheet

Door Material Single PUF insulated
Door

Single PUF insulated
Door

Cooling Coil Material Aluminium Aluminium

INSTRUMENT Temprature Controler Yes *

ON/OFF Switch Yes *

Storage Chamber
Temprature Display

Yes *

Audio alarm Visual
alarm Digital display

No *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/IuB4SDljewgKtDLFv4wYJnUnQJJkwfH_Z-s8fH-ysik


 

Visual alarm No *

Digital display No *

CAPACITY AND
DIMENSION

Storage Volume(Net
Capacity)(Liters)

350 350

Over all length(mm) 1100 1100

Over all width(mm) 600 600

Over all Height(mm) 800 800

Insulation
Thickness(in mm)

60 60

Holdover
Time(minute)

60 60

PERFORMANCE Eco-Friendly
Refrigurator

Yes *

Compressor AC Rotating
Compressor

AC Rotating
Compressor

Set temperature
range(delta)

30 30

Minimum achievable
Temperature At 32
degree Centigrade

-20°C -20°C

Green Refrigerants Yes *

Type of Refrigerants R134a *

Voltage 220-240, Single Phase ,
50 Hz

220-240, Single Phase ,
50 Hz

Power
Consumption(kw/day
)

5 5

FINISHES AND COLOUR Finish Polished *

WARRANTY Warranty of
Compressor(Years)

3 *

Warranty of complete
unit(Years)

1 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shailja Pathak 829103,Central Stores, 4  30

                               3 / 4



 

Central Coalfields Limited,
Barkakana, Ramgarh

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

