












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713410
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Finance

Department Name Banking Sector

Organisation Name Punjab National Bank

Office Name Amritsar

Total Quantity 10

Item Category lead acid battery

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder Turnover,OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 4



 

meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Lead Acid Battery ( 10 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Types of Lead Acid of
Battery

Small sized Valve Regulated
Lead -Acid Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 & 3)
with latest amendments

Small sized Valve Regulated
Lead -Acid Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 & 3)
with latest amendments

Nominal Voltage of
Battery (volts)

12.0 Volt 12.0 Volt

Material of container Polypropylene Polypropylene

Rated Capacity at C20
discharge (AH)

65 65

Warranty (Years) 3 Years 3 Years

Battery Condition Charged *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dimensions (L x W x H) (mm
x mm x mm)

As per relevant IS
Specifications

*

Volume of Electrolyte (ml) - *

Weight of Dry Battery (Kg)
shall be as per relevant IS:
Specn., corresponding Ah

Yes. *

No.of cells per Battery (No.) 6 Cells for 12 Volt battery *

Certifications Availability of Test Reports
from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accrediated Lab showing
conformity to the
specifications

Yes *

Address of the Lab - *

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Compulsory Registration
(CRS) of BIS for safety as
per IS 16046 as applicable.
Secondary Cells and
(Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-acid
Electrolytes-Safety
Requirements for Portable
sealed secondary cells, and
for Batteries made from

- *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/o7TrsVAUhwHO2QMqnCQ1T-YXSu5I9uK1XRssNFp1U4s


 

them for use in portable
applications

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sumit Singal 143103,Punjab national bank BO:
Chamiari.

10  15

Special terms and conditions for category lead acid battery 

1.Battery serial number list shall be furnish by the seller along with the supply of the battery to Buyer

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

5.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

7.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by Government
buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor should work out input credit for that
GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total amount of new
goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding GST. This is because GST charged
by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC (input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for
the purpose of quoting in the bid and evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back)
as indicated in column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh Good
(A)

%age of
GST on

Fresh Good
as

considered
by seller at
the time of
quote (B).

GST
Amount on
Fresh Good

(C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)

as fixed by
buyer in
the bid

GST
Amount on
Buyback

item (F) as
applicable
at the time
of invoice
by buyer

Quote of
the Bidder (
G={A+C-

D})

                               3 / 4



 

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not alter their quoted price
indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well as buy back items
separately after award of contract through email to the government buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item with GST to the buyer
for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller itself without any extra
cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the seller at the cost of
buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of order. This in no case will modify the bid
in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting the environment in
any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the corrigendum with minimum
price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing to take back the
old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less than the minimum
price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government buyer/consignee at
the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods. Seller will be entitled for payment only
after removal of old goods from Government buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh
goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU working through their
ERP and not integrated with GPA.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

