












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704149

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Karnataka

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Gel Documentation System

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  6 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  45 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

CMC Required  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 22420

                             1 / 10



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 26

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
ESIC Fund Account No 1 Central payable at bangalore
Dean, ESIC Medical College PGIMSR & Model Hospital, 2nd Block, Rajajinagar, Bangalore - 560010
Karnataka
(Dean)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Gel Documentation System ( 1 pieces )

                             2 / 10



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for product - *

Certification date and
number

- *

Quality system
certifications of
manufacturer

ISO 13485 and 9001 *

Conformity to standard
for for electrical safety
latest amendment

IEC- 60601-2-40 or BIS
Equivalent

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose Gel documentation
system refers to
equipment widely used
in molecular biology
laboratories for the
imaging and
documentation of
nucleic acid and
protein suspended
within polyacrylamide
or agarose gels

*

Camera imager for
imaging applications

DNA gels,Protein gels,Fl
uorescence,Colorimetri
c detection,Chemi,3
colour
detection,Infrared
fluorescence

DNA gels, Protein gels,
Fluorescence,
Colorimetric detection,
Chemi, 3 colour
detection, Infrared
fluorescence

Type of Camera CMOS CMOS, CCD

System should
enable detection of
picogram levels of
sample with
chemiluminescence

No Yes, No Or higher

Display Touch screen LED, LCD, Touch
screen, NA (If used with
workstation)

Machine should have
onboard capture and
analyse software for
ease of use and
automation, with PC
connectivity and
USB connection

Yes Yes, No Or higher

Camera with fixed
focus motorized lens

Yes Yes, No Or higher

                             3 / 10

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/V3DnPlVKE6lkeqxSiARXUqzgiPBsCbjzWB3lFSEBMzk


 

Cooling Temperature
available for the
camera in °C

NA (if Chemi is not
available)

-25, -35, -57, NA (if
Chemi is not available)

Camera resolution in
Mega Pixel (MP)

6 Mega Pixel 6 Mega Pixel, 5 Mega
Pixel, 4 Mega Pixel, 3
Mega Pixel

Should have bright
lens, Automatic
focusing and
calibrations for
quantitative blot and
gel imaging

Yes *

Compact dark room
should include

UV Transilluminator
with White Light source

UV Transilluminater, UV
Transilluminator with
White Light source, UV
transilluminator with
White and Blue Light
sources

UV transillumination
wavelength (nm)

365 254, 302, 365

Imaging area in cm x
cm with tolerance of
±10%

20x20 15x17, 20x20, 25x30,
20 x 24

Machine should
include positions
motorised filter
wheel with suitable
filter for EtBr, SYBR
Green, Coomassie
Blue, Silver Stain

5 1, 5, 7

Sample placement
slot should be
adjustable as per
user requirement
and application
specific trays for UV,
White and
Chemiluminescent
Blot samples should
be provided

Yes Yes, No Or higher

Modes of image
capturing

Automatic,Semi
automatic,Manual

Automatic, Semi
automatic, Manual

Analysis software 1D & 2D 1D, 1D & 2D

Power supply 220-240 V, 50 Hz single
phase

*

Image Printing Yes *

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Comprehensive
Warranty in years

2 2

Installation and
demonstration to be

Yes *

                             4 / 10



 

given before
acceptance

Instruction manual to
be supplied

Yes *

Number of
installations of the
Machine machines in
Central /State/PSU
Govt Hospitals(
Note: Seller should
supply a performace
certificate of the
device to the buyer
if demanded after
placement of order)

More than 3 No installations, Upto 3,
More than 3

OEM/Reseller ( if
supplied to reseller
shall ensure
uninterputed availabilty
of all spares for 10
years)

Yes *

Availability of toll free
facility for technical
support maintened by
OEM or authorized
agencies

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals in
original to be supplied
in English in hard and
soft copy

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment and training
to be provided after
completing supplies
before acceptance

Yes *

The Principal
Manufacturer must
have direct
Presence/approved
service center In India

Yes *

QA, QC and other tests
as per NABH shall be
carried out by OEM or
authorized agency of
OEM

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                             5 / 10



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dr. Anil N S 560010,ESIC MC, PGIMSR &
Model Hospital, 2nd Block,
Rajajinagar

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category Gel Documentation System 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and
maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance
manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements

                             6 / 10



 

regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

                             7 / 10



 

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

13.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): OEM certificate/ OEM
authorization certificate.

14.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 
Comprehensive warranty include preventive maintenance including calibration as per
technical/ Service / operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares.
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

15.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

16.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

17.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

Additional Clause For Comprehensive Maintenance Charges 

  1.CMC shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as per technical/ service
/operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares, after satisfactory completion
of Warranty. During the CMC period commencing from date of the successful completion of
warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site as recommended in the
manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six months. CMC shall not be
including the consumables. Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during CMC period on 24
(hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend CMC period by double the downtime
period.

                             8 / 10



 

  2.CMC charges to be indicated as percentage of cost of equipment quoted for each year after the
warranty period.

  3.GST shall be included in the CMC Charges quoted.

  4.Cost of CMC will be added for Ranking/Evaluation purpose with depreciation formula. A 10%
discounting rate per year shall be applied on CMC Charges for price evaluation on present value.

  5.The payment of CMC will be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period,
duly certified by end user.

  6.While creating a bid or RA buyers shall indicate whether CMC is required against Yes/No options.
If CMC Charges are included an option for number of years for CMC required after the warranty
period shall be available. Under this options up to 5 years can be chosen for CMC charges beyond
warranty period.

  7.The CMC functionality shall be available in bid only and no direct RA shall be applicable. In case
of bid to RA decrement rules shall be applicable on total price inclusive of CMC charges. Bunching of
products shall not be available while creating bids with CMC charges.

  7.1. Buyer shall indicate number of years of warranty by selecting option of 2 or 5 available in the
field depending on warranty parameter applicable in category parameters for the equipment. The
Seller while participating in Bid/RA will get fields to indicate CMC charges as percentage depending
on number of years of CMC selected by Buyer. The following shall be applicable If 5 year CMC
selected  

CMC charges for first year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated- A 1
CMC charges for second year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A2
CMC charges for third year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A3
CMC charges for fourth year after warranty period – Fixed amount to be indicated A4
CMC charges for 5th year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A5

7.2. The calculation of CMC Charges shall take in to account of number of years of warranty and
duration of CMC as specified while creating bid.

  7.3. In the price evaluation, the system shall provide function to calculate the cost of each
equipment by formula indicated below including CMC and then show the inter-se- ranking of the
bidders. The following are the variables.

  (i) Number of years for which CMC required.
  (ii) Number of years of warranty. The formula for calculating total cost including CMC charges shall
be :

  Total cost for evaluation= C+ C*( A1/100) /(1.10n) + A2/100/(1.10n+1)+ A3/100/(1.10n+2)+
A4/100/(1.10n+3) + A5/100/(1.10n+4)
  C – Cost for equipment quoted and n shall be number of years of warranty specified
  If 2 year warranty specified n shall be 2 and if 5 year specified n shall be 5.

  A1,A2 A3 A4 A5 shall depend on how many years CMC selected If 3 year means only A1,A2 and A3
factor to be not taken in to account and A4 and A5 will not be applicable

  7.4. CMC charges to be indicated for each subsequent year should be same or higher than
preceding year.

  7.5. The CMC charges shall be offered within range of 3 to 10% of cost of equipment.

  8. Since CMC charges are to be paid only later for each year during CMC period , applicable

                             9 / 10



 

performance guarantee amount after placement of contract shall be based on the cost of equipment
and not on basis of cost of equipment along with CMC Charges.

  9. Performance bank guarantee applicable for CMC is to be submitted at start of the CMC and shall
be applicable 5% as specified in bid on the total contract value including CMC Charges The PBG
submitted  after award of contract shall be released only after new PBG for the CMC period is
submitted and accepted by buyer/consignee after due verification. Bank guarantee for CMC is to
remain valid till completion of CMC period plus one year .The bank guarantee for CMC shall be
submitted to buyer directly.

  10. In case of splitting of quantity equipment cost and CMC charges offered by L-1 in the evaluated
cost shall be matched by higher quoting eligible bidders on one to one basis .The equipment cost
shall be matched and CMC charges shall be matched year to year.

  11. The CMC Contract shall be an offline contract to be handled by buyer. The payment of CMC will
be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by end user
and scope of CMC will be as per para 1 above.

  12. The above terms and conditions shall be part of the bid as well as part of the contract. 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            10 / 10

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

