












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/698778

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Punjab

Department Name Local Government Department Punjab

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Municipal Council Sujanpur

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Hydraulic Tractor Trailer

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                             1 / 11



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Hydraulic Tractor Trailer ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Type of Trailers Balanced Trailer
(Double Axle)

Balanced Trailer
(Double Axle), Semi
Trailer (Single Axle)

Type of Platform Tipping Platform *

Capacity of Trailer
(Gross Load)(tonnes)

5 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10

Pay load of Trailer 3.4 Any applicable numeric
value

Material used for
fabrication of trailer as
per Clause-5, Table-1 of
IS:8213 (Latest)

Yes *

Type of Axle
Assembly (The
capacity of Single
Axle Trailers is not
more that 5 Tonnes)

Class-B (Load carrying
capacity upto 5 Tonne)

Class-A (Load carrying
capacity upto 3 Tonne),
Class-B (Load carrying
capacity upto 5 Tonne),
Double Axle (Load
carrying capacity upto
10 Tonne)

Overall length of
Trailers ( shall not
exceed 5 m upto 6
tonne load, 6.7m for
above 6 tonne load

6.5 Up to 6.7

Overall Width of
Trailers between
extreme points
(meter)

2.5 Up to 2.5

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface
to top of platform
(meter)

1.5 Up to 1.5

                             2 / 11

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/iNNZGFM9fBE547SJCp9DpKCChMJ5tVyL1NYuy942lWE


 

Overall Height of
Trailers with tyre
inflated from the
supporting surface
to sideboard (meter)

2 Up to 2.2

Ground Clearance
(mm)

305 Above 300

Axle Assembly
Wheel Track(mm)

1500 1500, 1700

Axle Assembly
dimensions as per
Table-2 of IS:8213
(Latest)

Yes *

Hydraulic Ram of
suitable capacity for
tipping facility

Yes *

Tipping Angle
(degree)

45 42 - 50

Single telescopic
cylinder as per
IS:12371 (Latest)

Yes Yes

Tilting of platform
without disturbing the
trailer

Yes *

Reto Reflective Marking
(tapes) as per AIS -090

Yes *

Lighting and Lighting
-signalling device as
per AIS-062

Yes *

Trailers shall be fitted
with Rear Under Run
Protective Device
(RUPD) confirming to IS
14812 :2005

Yes *

Trailers shall have
service and parking
brake as per AIS- 043

Yes *

The Trailers shall be
fitted with pneumatics
tyres and rims of
suitable size confirming
to IS 13154 :1991 and
IS 10694 :1988

Yes *

Number of Wheels 2 Any applicable numeric
value

Certification Conformity to
standards

IS 8213:2000 (latest)
and AIS 112 (latest)

*

Necessary clearance
from RTO to be obtain

Yes *

                             3 / 11



 

before supply of Trailer

RTO approval Number
and date

- *

Avaliability of Test
report fron approved
Laboratory to prove
conforming to
specification as per AIS
112

Yes *

Test report No And
date

- *

Name of the testing
Laboratory

- *

Performance Warranty (in
months)

36 36, 48, 60

Construction
Parameters

ISI marked ISMC
channel used for
fabrication of Chassis
and frame mounting on
chassis

Yes *

Type of spring
suspension system (as
per IS:1135) for load
carrying capacity

- *

Diameter of the Axle
of chassis (Min)
(mm)

83 Above 80

Nos. Of spring
leaves plates fitted
(Nos.)

16 Above 15

Lashing hooks for
towing down load

Yes *

No of Hooks 1 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Towing Device - *

Capacity of Towing 5 Any applicable numeric
value

Painted Colour on the
Trailers as per AIS 112

Red *

One coat of Red Oxide
and 2 coat of Super
Synthetic Enamel Paint

Yes *

Painting on outer side
of the tank as approved
by the buyer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                             4 / 11



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajesh Sahni 145023,Municipal Council
Sujanpur

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 21 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 15 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

2.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 2
Quantity shall be supplied within 21 days of contract placement and thereafter 2 Quantity
per Month)

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

5.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

                             5 / 11



 

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

11. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

12.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

13.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total
value.

14.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

                             6 / 11



 

15.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

16.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

17.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

18.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

19.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): 0
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 0

20.SLBR52
21.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before

dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

22.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

23. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
24.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
25.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

                             7 / 11



 

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

26.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 2.

27.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 6 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 10% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

28.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of 50 (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance
Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC
Performance Security for 7% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months (if
there is no other claim).

29.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 1
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

30.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

31.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

32.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2
samples for Buyer's approval, within 21 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 21 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before

                             8 / 11



 

allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

33.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

34.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before

                             9 / 11



 

quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

35.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

36.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

37.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of agency
payable at agency.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

38.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of seller A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be
withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the

                            10 / 11



 

FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back
of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

39.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of agency payable at 
agency place.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

40.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name eomc sujanpur Account No. 6213101000710 IFSC Code CNRB0006213
Bank Name canara bank Branch address sujanpur.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

41.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of eomc sujanpur payable at sujanpur. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can
upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to
the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            11 / 11

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

