












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/677944

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Neyveli Uttar Pradesh Power Limited

Organisation Name Neyveli Uttar Pradesh Power Limited

Office Name Nuppl

Total Quantity 5

Item Category two wheeler-Motor cycles and scooters and mopeds (
PAC Only ) 

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

                               1 / 7



 

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Two Wheeler-Motor Cycles And Scooters And Mopeds ( 5 pieces ) ( Under
PAC ) 

Make bajaj

Model bajajpulsar125neondrum

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of the Vehicle Motor Cycle Motor Cycle

Vehicle Engine
Capacity (cc)

124.38 *

Vehicle Emission
Complaince as per
latest Emission
Norms

BS-VI BS-VI

Type of Fuel Petrol *

Vehicle Starting Kick and Self Start Kick and Self Start

Engine Type Single cylinder 4 stroke
air cooled

Single cylinder 4 stroke
air cooled

Colour of the Vehicle Standard *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/OX5_Ja4XzIcr-gcLF3YYC-Rdc8nbhY60jS6iN8X81UQ


 

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 2015)
(Km/Ltr)

62 62

Engine BHP@rpm
(HP@rpm)

11.83 BHP @ 8500 rpm 11.83bhp8500rpm

Engine Torque
Max,@ rpm (N-
M@rpm)

11 nm @ 6500 rpm 11nm6500rpm

Maximum Speed
(Kmph)

99 99

Transmission Manual Manual

No. of Gears ( in
case of Automatic
Transmission
excluding
Motorcycle, No. of
gears field may be
filled as 0) (Nos)

5 5

Seat Type Single Single

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

11.5 *

Fuel Reserve Option Yes Yes

If yes, Fuel Reserve
Capacity (Ltrs)

1.5 *

Length of Vehicle
(mm)

2055 2055.0

Width of Vehicle
(mm)

755 755.0

Height of Vehicle
(mm)

1060 1060.0

Ground Clearance
(mm)

165 165.0

Wheel Base (mm) 1320 1320.0

Kerb Weight (Kg) 140 140.0

Gross Weight (Kg) 290 290.0

Front Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Front Suspension Type Telescopic *

Rear Suspension Type Twin Gas Shock *

Type of Vehicle Tyre Tubeless Tubeless

Size Of Tyre (mm) Front 80/100 x 17
Tubeless Rear 100/90 x

*

                               3 / 7



 

17 Tubeless

Storage Space No *

Storage Space Capacity
(Ltrs)

0 *

Spare Wheel No No

Speedometer Digital *

Techometer Analogue *

Odometer Digital *

List of Standards
accessories to be
provided

STANDARD TOOLKIT,
FIRST AID KIT, OWNERS
MANUAL, REAR VIEW
MIRRORS - 2 NUMBERS,
LEG GUARD

*

Transportation
Charges including
transient insurance
and temporary
registration(in
Rs/Km)

0 0

Certification Vehicle Certification
No. ARAI/VRDE/ICAT

ARAI0140 *

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Time
(Months)

60 *

Warranty Distance
(Km)unlimited during
warranty period

Yes *

Warranty Distance
(Km)If not unlimited
during warranty period

78000 *

No. of free Service
(Nos)

3 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sameer Tigga 208001,OFFICE: Ghatampur
Thermal Power Project Site
Office, Near Lahurimau –
Kasimpur Village Ghatampur
Thesil, Samuhi P.O. – 208

5  30

                               4 / 7



 

001 Kanpur Nagar Dist.,
Uttar Pradesh. (About 70
Kms from Kanpur City) https
://goo.gl/maps/uLd5EJnhhMQ
2

Special terms and conditions for category two wheeler-Motor cycles and scooters and
mopeds 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before

                               5 / 7



 

payment.
4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing

their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               6 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

http://www.tcpdf.org

