












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703350

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 8552

Item Category tactical boot pu sole

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  38 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  150 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 153765

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIG GC New Delhi
DIG GC CRPF JHARODA KALAN NEW DELHI 110072
(Sushil Kumar Mishra)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 6



 

Tactical Boot Pu Sole ( 8552 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical
Requirements of the
product

Tactical Boot PU Sole
as per Footwear Design
and Development
Institute, A 10, Sector
24, Noida, specification
number FDDI/TA/19
forwarded by DG CRPF
vide letter No-
U.II-98(Spec)/2012-13-
Prov (Tactical boot)
dated 15-10-2015.

*

Specification and
Drawing seen and
understood

Yes *

SIZE Size as per relevant
specification

Assorted Sizes as per
buyer’s requirements

Assorted Sizes as per
buyer’s requirements

COLOUR Colour Black *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of

Yes Yes

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Seuorny06Fxo2rJsS4ouX8BZiVPC0hFXbExWJaTff5w


 

supply
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

QR/Spcn document View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 D.S. Grewal 131021,DIGP GC CRPF
SONEPAT, KHEWRA,
SONEPAT, POST-
BAHALGARH (HARYANA)

698  90

2 Jagdish Narayan
Meena

190015,Group Centre CRPF,
Rambagh Sriagar, J&K Pin-
190015

1319  90

3 Ashu Shukla 832107,GC, CRPF,
Jamshedpur, PO-
Sundernagar, Distt- East
Singhbhum, Jharkhand, Pin-
832107

112  90

4 Pukhraj Jaipal 305005,DIGP, GC-2, CRPF,
FOY Sagar Road, Ajmer,
Rajasthan, Pin- 305005

711  90

5 Rajesh Kumar
Yadav

201306,Group Centre CRPF,
Opposite Dewoo Motores,
Sutiyaana, Near Surajpur,
Greater Noida, G.B. Nagar,
U.P. Pin- 201306

2614  90

6 Shashi Prakash
Singh

181123,Group Centre, CRPF,
Bantalab, Jammu, J&K, Pin-
181123

840  90

7 Thongram
Debajani Devi

781023,Group Centre CRPF
9th mile PO- American
District. Kamrup
Assam-781023

300  90

8 Sushil Kumar
Mishra

110072,Group Centre
CRPF,Jharoda Kalan New
Delhi-110072

1958  90

Special terms and conditions for category tactical boot pu sole 

                               4 / 6

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_defe_pers_sa55166021_tact/51/16/877/CategorySchema/qr_spcn_document/2018/7/27/tactical-boots-specifications_2018-07-27-17-03-35_ad24e4457c4b9547b255add64c4a8d11.pdf


 

1.After award of contract, if required by buyer, seller shall have to get Advance Sample
approved from Buyer before manufacturing / starting Bulk Supplies.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

5.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): FDDI ;INSPECTION CHARGES SHALL BE BORNE BY SELLER ONLY
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: OWN BOARD OF
OFFICERS

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

10.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of DIG GC
CRPF JHARODA KALAN NEW DELHI payable at SBI GC CRPF JHARODA KALAN NEW DELHI.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of DIG GC CRPF JHARODA KALAN NEW DELHI A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank
should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the

                               5 / 6



 

sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of DIG GC CRPF JHARODA KALAN NEW DELHI payable at SBI GC CRPF JHARODA KALAN
NEW DELHI. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in
place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within
15 days of award of contract.

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of DIG GC CRPF JHARODA KALAN NEW DELHI A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank
should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

