












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/687454

  Dated: 25-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 06-07-2020 23:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-06 23:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees Provident Fund Organisation (epfo)

Office Name Hubballi

Total Quantity 8

Item Category lead acid battery ( PAC Only ) 

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Lead Acid Battery ( 8 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make amaron

Model amaronquanta&12al042withscrapbattery

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Types of Lead Acid
of Battery

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Nominal Voltage of
Battery (volts)

12.0 Volt 12.0 Volt

Material of container Polypropylene Polypropylene

Rated Capacity at
C20 discharge (AH)

42 42

Warranty (Years) 2 Years 2 Years

Battery Condition Dry Charged *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dimensions (L x W x H)
(mm x mm x mm)

As per relevant IS
Specifications

*

Volume of Electrolyte
(ml)

20-28% ml *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uhu7fsQUpqjMvyAbjganmvn4y3vo_a7ytHPo3rZP5eY


 

Weight of Dry Battery
(Kg) shall be as per
relevant IS: Specn.,
corresponding Ah

Yes. *

No.of cells per Battery
(No.)

6 Cells for 12 Volt
battery

*

Certifications Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accrediated Lab
showing conformity to
the specifications

Yes *

Address of the Lab DrVSI Estate,Chennai *

Name of the Lab ETDC Chennai *

Test Report No. EDC(CN) 2000/3291 *

Test Report Date 19-11-2001 *

Compulsory
Registration (CRS) of
BIS for safety as per IS
16046 as applicable.
Secondary Cells and
(Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-
acid Electrolytes-Safety
Requirements for
Portable sealed
secondary cells, and for
Batteries made from
them for use in
portable applications

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mohammed
Khasim

584101,EMPLOYEES'
PROVIDENT FUND
ORGANISATION (Ministry of
Labour & Employment, Govt.
of India), Bhavishya Nidhi
Bhawan, Regional Office,
Raichur, Sy No.16/3, Opp:
University of Agricultural
Sciences, Askihal Raichur -

8  15

                               3 / 4



 

584104.

Special terms and conditions for category lead acid battery 

1.Battery serial number list shall be furnish by the seller along with the supply of the battery
to Buyer

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

