












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/694835

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 17-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 17-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name Regional Institute Of Paramedical & Nursing
Sciences(ripans)

Office Name Aizawl, Mizoram

Total Quantity 1

Item Category two wheeler-Motor cycles and scooters and mopeds

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Two Wheeler-Motor Cycles And Scooters And Mopeds ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 6



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of the Vehicle Motor Cycle Motor Cycle, Scooters,
Mopeds

Vehicle Engine
Capacity (cc)

124.7 *

Vehicle Emission
Complaince as per
latest Emission
Norms

BS-VI BS-IV, BS-VI

Type of Fuel Petrol *

Vehicle Starting Kick and Self Start Kick Only, Kick and Self
Start, Self Start Only

Engine Type Single cylinder 4 stroke
air cooled

Single cylinder 4 stroke
air cooled, Single
cylinder 4 stroke liquid
cooled, Multi cylinder 4
stroke air cooled, Multi
cylinder 4 stroke liquid
cooled

Colour of the Vehicle - *

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 2015)
(Km/Ltr)

60 1.0e-06 - 9999999

Engine BHP@rpm
(HP@rpm)

- Any applicable text(s)

Engine Torque
Max,@ rpm (N-
M@rpm)

- Any applicable text(s)

Maximum Speed
(Kmph)

91 1.0e-06 - 9999999

Transmission Manual Automatic, Manual

No. of Gears ( in
case of Automatic
Transmission
excluding
Motorcycle, No. of
gears field may be
filled as 0) (Nos)

4 0 - 9999999

Seat Type Single Single, Split

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

12 *

Fuel Reserve Option No Yes, No

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/L5G1Kaw1a7OZbzej5xBEdu8kgzk9W_e3yAlqKeX2wWc


 

If yes, Fuel Reserve
Capacity (Ltrs)

0 *

Length of Vehicle
(mm)

2042 Any applicable numeric
value

Width of Vehicle
(mm)

752 Any applicable numeric
value

Height of Vehicle
(mm)

1102 Any applicable numeric
value

Ground Clearance
(mm)

180 Any applicable numeric
value

Wheel Base (mm) 1273 Any applicable numeric
value

Kerb Weight (Kg) 123 Any applicable numeric
value

Gross Weight (Kg) 253 Any applicable numeric
value

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake *

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake *

Front Suspension Type - *

Rear Suspension Type - *

Type of Vehicle Tyre Tubeless Tube, Tubeless, Radial,
Bias

Size Of Tyre (mm) - *

Storage Space No *

Storage Space Capacity
(Ltrs)

0 *

Spare Wheel No Yes, No

Speedometer Analogue *

Techometer N/A *

Odometer Analogue *

List of Standards
accessories to be
provided

- *

Transportation
Charges including
transient insurance
and temporary
registration(in
Rs/Km)

- Any applicable text(s)

Certification Vehicle Certification
No. ARAI/VRDE/ICAT

- *

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Time
(Months)

60 *

Warranty Distance No *

                               3 / 6



 

(Km)unlimited during
warranty period

Warranty Distance
(Km)If not unlimited
during warranty period

- *

No. of free Service
(Nos)

5 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Albert
Lalrinngheta

796017,RIPANS 1  30

Special terms and conditions for category two wheeler-Motor cycles and scooters and
mopeds 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra

                               4 / 6



 

time involved in fabrication.
6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular

model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Authorised Service Centre within the state of Odisha, along with a dedicated contact person
with telephone number for technical solution in a fast track basis at this institution as and
when required basis.

2.Experience Certificate for the supply of the same to any Govt/ PSU/ any renowned private
organisation along with Supply/ Purchase Order.

3. If the agency is registered under MSME or NSIC, then EMD exemption certificate needs to be
enclosed.

4.Make in india specific authorisation certificate needs to be enclosed.

                               5 / 6



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

