












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713940
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Energy And Petro Chemicals Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Electricity Board (geb) - Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam
Limited (guvnl)

Office Name Pgvcl

Total Quantity 200

Item Category Gift Pen

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 3



 

meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Gift Pen ( 200 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Physical Characteristics Refill Type Normal Ball Pen Roller Ball, Normal Ball Pen,
Gel Pen

Body Type plastic wood, bamboo, plastic, steel

Line Width (mm) 0.5 0.3, 0.5

Tip (mm) 0.5 0.5, 0.7, 0.8

Writing Length (Meter) 500 *

Number of Products in
one Packet

1 1, 2, 3, 4

Weight Weight,(gm) 8 *

Colour Refill Colour Blue *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vyas Divyaben
Chitranjanbhai

360410,Divion office , PGVCL, old
power house, Junagadh Road,
Dhoraji-360410

200  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can

form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/KlFQnVNviJrNOhfEc1i3xChlHC2Yz6-qqWP-O0YSjkw


 

No. for Service Support.
6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

