












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708478

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Modern Coach Factory, Raebareli

Total Quantity 38259

Item Category Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 84162

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 4



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
PFA
Modern Coach Factory, Raebareli, NA, N/A, Ministry of Railways
(Pfa)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask ( 38259 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Classification of N95 of NIOSH N95 of NIOSH

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/dFQj0ysJfXBQPht1y90-mBja8aF_gY3v17WID_HiZQQ


 

filtering Half mask

Type of mask with exhalation valve with exhalation valve

Use Single Single

STANDARDS ISI Marked No No

BIS Licence No (CML
No)

- *

MATERIAL Mask construction
material

Entirely inseparable
fillter material

Entirely inseparable
fillter material

Weight of single
mask (gms)

12 12

CONSTRUCTION No of valves single single

Foldable No No

Nose clip with with

Head harness adjustable adjustable

Filter penetration S"Solid" *

Clogging perfomance D(Dolamite dust) *

REPORTS Submission of test
repot on form 39 or
from central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab at the
time of supply

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ranu Das 229120,Modern Coach
Factory, Raebareli

38259  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the

following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: CONSIGNEE

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

                               3 / 4



 

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name PFA Account No. 32884249555 IFSC Code SBIN0001644 Bank Name SBI
Branch address LALGANJ, RAEBARELI, (UP).
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

5.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name PFA Account No. 32884249555 IFSC Code 
SBIN0001644 Bank Name SBI Branch address LALGANJ, RAEBARELI (UP). Successful Bidder
to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the
time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

