












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706357

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Education Department Gujarat

Organisation Name District Primary Education Project

Office Name Vyara

Total Quantity 3

Item Category inverters solar inverter

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  52 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 40500

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DPEO
VYARA, Education Department Gujarat, District Primary Education Project,
(District Primary Education Officer,tapi)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Inverters Solar Inverter ( 3 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Gng964XKzAV4zbcVft8oFw53L8gn9qNu0VjZCzVcAn0


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Rating of inverter
(KVA)

3.0 KVA 3.0 KVA

ISI marked No No

If ISI marked yes, CM/L
No. must declare. If ISI
mark No write NA

- *

Nos. of phase single single

Inverter output wave
form

Pure sine wave Pure sine wave

Ingress protection
rating of inverter

IP 23 for indoor use IP 23 for indoor use

Built in protection
for AC high/low
voltage and
frequency if
connected to AC
mains

IP 23 for indoor use IP 23 for indoor use

Display Type LCD LCD

Area required for
installation of Solar
panels with mounting
structure (sq. mt)

- *

Material of mounting
structure

Galvanised steel Galvanised steel

CONSTRUCTIONAL Mode of operation To be used in
conjunction with AC
mains

*

Switching device IGBT IGBT

Maximum power point
tracking (MPPT)

yes *

Galvanic isolation
between input DC and
output AC

yes *

By-pass facility if
connected to AC mains

IP 23 for indoor use *

Display parameters like
DC voltage (V) DC
current (A) AC
voltage(V)

YES *

Sequence of power
drawing

(1) SPV (2) AC MAINS
(IF CONNECTED WITH
AC POWER) (3)
BATTERY BANK

*

Nos. of modules in an
array (NOS.)

- *

                               3 / 8



 

Rating of individual PV
module (Wp)

- *

Salt mist corrosion
resistant material
for body and frame
of SPV module

Galvanized steel Galvanized steel

Provision for Solar
generation meter

yes *

Provision for
bidirectional meter (Net
Meter)

yes *

Provision of anti
rusting/ non corrosive
mounting structure

yes *

Sustainability of
wind speed. (KM/Hr)

150 150

Type of battery
(KM/Hr)

Tubular Gel Tubular Gel

Capacity of battery
bank (VAH)

- *

3 stage battery
charging (float, boost
and equalize stage) for
long life of the battery

yes *

Reverse polarity
protection

yes *

Complete installation
work to be done by
supplier

yes *

Gross weight of the
inverter (kg)

- *

Reverse polarity
protection for PV
modules

yes *

FUNCTIONAL Inverter efficiency - *

Total Harmonic
distortion (%)

- *

Operating AC voltage
range (Volts)

- *

Operating frequency
range (Hz)

- *

Operating Temperature
(degree cel)

- *

Operating relative
humidity (%)

- *

Load power factor - *

                               4 / 8



 

Output regulation at
rated voltage

Yes *

Over load Protection
110% for 60 Seconds
,125% for 30 Seconds
and 150% for 5
seconds

yes *

Efficiency of Solar
panel (%)

- *

Battery backup time
at rated load (Hour)

4 4

Battery bank Voltage
(Volt)

- *

CERTIFICATIONS Conformity of inverter
to environmental
testing conditions as
per IEC 600688-2
(1,2,14,30) or
equivalent BIS standard

YES *

90% performance
warranty for SPV
(years)

10 *

80% performance
warranty for SPV
(years)

25 *

TTC for PV module from
any MNRE lab as per
MNRE 2015-2016

yes *

OEM test report for
indigenously produced
PV module (s)

yes *

Availability of Type test
report for inverter
including
environmental tests
from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification

yes *

Test report number - *

Date of test report - *

Name and address of
laboratory

- *

Type test report to be
furnished on buyers
demand

yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by

                               5 / 8



 

Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Kishanbhai
Radgabhai
Kunkana

394650,DISTRICT PRIMARY
EDUCATION OFFICE,
GROUND FLOOR, JILLA SEVA
SADAN, BLOCK NO.-11,
PANVADI, VYARA-394650
DIST.-TAPI.

3  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered

                               6 / 8



 

Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

8.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

9.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary

                               7 / 8



 

product having highest bid value should meet this criterion
15.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of District

Primary Education Officer,Tapi payable at Vyara,Tapi.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

16.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of District Primary Education Office,Tapi A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer
after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with
covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

17.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of District Primary
Education Officer,Tapi payable at Vyara,Tapi.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

