












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/690447

  Dated: 29-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 09-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-09 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Integrated Defence Staff (hq Ids)

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Virtualisation & Cloud software (Version 2.0) ( PAC
Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  25 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 12840

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
JT DIR DATA AND APPLN
Hq Ids, Department of Defence, Integrated Defence Staff (HQ IDS), Ministry of Defence
(Hk Sharma)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 7



 

Virtualisation & Cloud Software (Version 2.0) ( 1 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make vmware

Model vmwarevcenterserver6standardforvsphere6(peri
nstance)3yearssupport

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

BASIC INFORMATION Domain Virtualisation & Cloud
software

Virtualisation & Cloud
software

Scope of the offered
product

1. Virtualisation of
various IT Hardware
namely Server,
Network, Storage etc.

*

Components/Module
s of Virtualisation
Software

1. SERVER
VIRTUALISATION

1. SERVER
VIRTUALISATION

Name of Software vCenter Standard *

OEM Model / Part No vCenter Standard *

Software Description vCenter Standard *

Software Version &
Date of Launch of
Version

Latest *

SCOPE OF LICENCE Types of Licence 1.Perpetual 1.Perpetual

" Duration of
Subscription (in
Years) (Hint : Select
'0' if not applicable)"

0 0.0 - 5.0 Or higher

OEM Licensing policy 3. Per VM 3. Per VM

Valid Licence/
Subscription copy to be
provided

YES *

Installation and
demonstration

No Yes, No

The offered product
have support from
OEM for

1. Unlimited updation
for Patches and Bug
fixes within support
period.,2. Unlimited
upgradation of version
within support period

1. Unlimited updation
for Patches and Bug
fixes within support
period., 2. Unlimited
upgradation of version
within support period

Number of Years
upto which support
is available from

3 3

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/qdBKlezyyy_ibPnDaz-1WwmUJoKMGz6CoL1qLwF6Ol0


 

OEM for Updation
(Patches and Bug
fixes) within support
period

Number of Years
upto which support
is available from
OEM for Upgradation
of version within
support period

3 3

No of days Training
Provided at Site (for
maximum batch of
10)

0 0

SERVER
VIRTUALISATION

Server Virtualisation
features

4. Comprehensive,
universal API support
across all cloud
platforms enabling full
management of all
system objects through
the API.,7. Captures
host-level configuration
settings and saves
them as a template to
configure other
virtualization hosts.,8.
Centralized
management with
webbased / client
interface capabilities,9.
Capablities of analytics,
reporting and to
identify over-
provisioned
resources,10.
Capability to provide
deep visibility into
resource consumption
trends,11. Provide
integrated smart alerts
for health, performance
and capacity
degradation.,5.
Capability for seamless
migration of virtual
machines across
different CPUs, clusters
and hybrid cloud.

4. Comprehensive,
universal API support
across all cloud
platforms enabling full
management of all
system objects through
the API., 5. Capability
for seamless migration
of virtual machines
across different CPUs,
clusters and hybrid
cloud., 7. Captures host-
level configuration
settings and saves
them as a template to
configure other
virtualization hosts., 8.
Centralized
management with
webbased / client
interface capabilities,
9. Capablities of
analytics, reporting and
to identify over-
provisioned resources,
10. Capability to
provide deep visibility
into resource
consumption trends,
11. Provide integrated
smart alerts for health,
performance and
capacity degradation.

Capability to enables
efficient replication of
data over the LAN or
WAN, and simplifies
management by

3. NA *

Capability for
seamless migration

4. NA 4. NA

                               4 / 7



 

of virtual machines
across different

Capability to protect
virtual environments by
integrating Hypervisor
Introspection via Direct
Inspect APIs from

5. NA *

Availability of DR
Automation Features in
the offered products

8. NA *

Performance
monitoring capability
for Physical Host /
Virtual Machine

1.Monitoring Of CPU, *

NETWORK
VIRTUALISATION

Network
Virtualisation
Features

12. NA 12. NA

Availability of
functionality of
Logical Switching in
a virtual
environment
(decoupled from
underlying
hardware) for

3. NA 3. NA

CLOUD
VIRTUALISATION

Cloud Virtualisation
Features 1

13. NA 13. NA

Provision for
automation of
compute, network,
storage, applications
and custom services
through

4. NA *

"Capability to provide
automation and
orchestration solution
without any manual
intervention for "

4. NA *

STORAGE
VIRTUALISATION

STORAGE
VIRTUALISATION
Features

7. NA 7. NA

" Capable to support
features through
erasure coding for "

6. NA 6. NA

MINIMUM HARDWARE
REQUIREMENT

Minimum Server
configuration

X86 *

Minimum Network
interface card per
server

2 *

Minimum disk required 2 *

                               5 / 7



 

per server

Minimum Nodes
required for HCI
solution

3 *

Hyper link to Data
sheet

www.vmware.com *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********NEW DELHI 1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.

                               6 / 7



 

Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

10.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

