












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/689860

  Dated: 28-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 09-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-09 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Agriculture Department Bihar

Organisation Name Bihar Agricultural University

Office Name Bhagalpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category water baths

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Water Baths ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Water Bath Chamber
Dimensions, Capacity
and Construction

Chamber Length of
offered product:

- *

Chamber Width of
offered product:

- *

Chamber Depth of
offered product:

- *

Water bath Chamber
Capacity

>over 10 to 14 litre >over 10 to 14 litre

Chamber
Construction:

Double walled
rectangular chamber

Double walled
rectangular chamber

Material of inner
Chamber and lid
Construction:

Stainless Steel (SS 304) *

Material of Outer
Chamber
Construction:

Epoxy coated/Powder
coated mild steel

Epoxy coated/Powder
coated mild steel

Weight (kg) 11 *

Number of racks
provided with Water
bath unit

0 0

Number of 75 mm
diameter Holes
provided:

12 12

Heating Arrangement Heat source: Heating shall be done *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/nI6VA2rJus2ecj7RP2GToqRebtdsS8P1F_WMbopz81g


 

Parameters by a immersion heater.

Heating Capacity
(>=):

1500 1500.0

Control Panel and
Display Unit

Control Panel has: Heating & Temprature
(Set & Actual)
Indicators,ON/Off
Switch,Temperature
controller

ON/Off Switch, Heating
& Temprature (Set &
Actual) Indicators,
Temperature controller

Adjustable shaking
frequency in rpm

NA NA

Type of Temperature
controller

Digital controller cum
Indicator PID Based
control

Digital controller cum
Indicator PID Based
control Or higher

Water bath Display
type:

LED LED

Integrated
circulation pump for
temperature
homogeneity

No Yes, No Or higher

Removable bottom
plate and shaking
inserts

Yes Yes Or higher

Water bath
Temperature

Temperature range
of bath chamber:

5°C above ambient to
99.9°C

5°C above ambient to
99.9°C

Temperature control
sensitivity:

±0.5°C or better ±0.5°C or better,
±0.2°C or better,
±0.1°C or better Or
higher

Least temperature
increment Step
available

1 degree C 1 degree C, 0.1 degree
C, 0.01 degree C Or
higher

Temperature
Accuracy:

±0.5°C or better ±0.5°C or better,
±0.2°C or better,
±0.1°C or better Or
higher

Safety Features: Over temperature
Alarm & cutoff

Over temperature
Alarm & cutoff

Power Requirement,
Certifications and
Warranty

Power requirement: 220 V 50 Hz Single
Phase AC

220 V 50 Hz Single
Phase AC

Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to
prove conformity to
specification

No No

Manufactured by ISO
9001:2008 or latest
certified firm:

YES *

Equipment has CE Yes Yes

                               3 / 5



 

certification

Warranty Period: 3 3, 5 Or higher

Cover Lid/cover Provided Yes *

Shape of Cover Gable *

Timer Unit Timer Provided No No

Timer Setting (
minimum increment
step)

0 0.0 - 0.0 Or lower

Miscellaneous Features Drain plug in
Chamber provided

Yes Yes

Data Logging facility
through (RS 232/USB
/HDMI/Bluetooth etc)
to computer
available:

No No

Steel holder for tubes
and Flasks provided:

- *

Drain screw for
emptying of water
bath

Yes Yes Or higher

Seamless and
waterproof keypad

No Yes, No Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Beerendra Singh 802136,Veer Kunwar Singh
College of Agriculture
Mahraura Road, Dumraon,
Buxar (Bihar)

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs

                               4 / 5



 

10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 15% of total
value.

3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

8.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

9.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

