












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714483
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Numaligarh Refinery Limited

Total Quantity 50

Item Category Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as defined in
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for
supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary

                               1 / 3



 

evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an
MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in
relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser ( 50 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

*

Type of Dispensing Spray,Drop Spray, Drop

Mounting Type Wall Mounted Wall Mounted

DESIGN Features available in
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

Built-in sensor for detection
of hand,Waterproof,Anti-
Interference,On/Off
button,Indicator
lamp,Electric Adapter,Liquid
filling
arrangement,Replaceable
Liquid bottle,Adjustable
Dispensing Volume

Built-in sensor for detection
of hand, Waterproof, Anti-
Interference, On/Off button,
Indicator lamp, Electric
Adapter, Liquid filling
arrangement, Replaceable
Liquid bottle, Adjustable
Dispensing Volume

Sensing Range 0 - 4 inch *

Rated voltage 230V-50 Hz 230V-50 Hz

MATERIAL Body Material of
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

ABS Plastic ABS Plastic

DIMENSION Sanitizer Container
Capacity (in ml)

1001-1500 1001-1500

Dispensing Sanitizer Volume
in One Use(in ml)

5 *

COLOUR Colour White *

Warranty Warranty 1 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Arun Gogoi 785699,Numaligarh Refinery
Limited, General Manager
(Commercial) PO-NRP, Numaligarh

50  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/77FlPZFfId8NPXiZLaHLvgmUlMfxpe-7GQn7n7Fy6WM


 

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are

validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

6.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

