












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/666831

  Dated: 15-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 30-06-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-06-30 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Textiles

Department Name Na

Organisation Name National Institute Of Fashion Technology (nift) Head
Office New Delhi

Office Name Nift Campus Near Gulmohar Park Hauzkhas, New
Delhi 110016

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Household Sewing Machine Head

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 4



 

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Household Sewing Machine Head ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical Specification
of the Product

The Household Sewing
Machine Head General
Requirements as per
BIS Specification No IS
14769:2000, latest

*

Specification has been
seen and Understood

Yes *

CERTIFICATION BIS Certification No Yes, No

CM/L No if BIS Marked - *

DESIGN No of Needle Single *

OTHER REQUIREMENT Type Of Stitch
Regulator

Type A *

Type of Fly Wheel Disc Type *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from
Designated AHSP/
NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

No Yes, No

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/LKMw2glr1DX3eVEC25IwIINFiWABhUMtEGiwvbjobbE


 

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Not applicable *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mkanda Swami 229010,NATIONAL
INSTITUTE OF FASHION
TECHNOLOGY, DOORBHASH
NAGAR, RAEBARELI- 229010

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by
the Government of India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification
of GST concession and the conditions for eligibility of concession are met by the institution.
A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the Seller after award of the Contract.
Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the Concessional rate of GST.
Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : TU/V/RG-CDE (593)/2015 dated 10/09/2015

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the

                               3 / 4



 

bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

