












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697977

  Dated: 04-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 15-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 15-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Home Department Jammu And Kashmir

Organisation Name Jammu And Kashmir Police

Office Name Police Hospital Srinagar Kashmir

Total Quantity 50

Item Category medical monitoring or recording or tracing paper

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                               1 / 5



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Medical Monitoring Or Recording Or Tracing Paper ( 50 packet )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformity to Indian
Standard for Base
paper of ECG paper
(Maplitho Paper)

IS:1848 latest *

ISI Marked No Yes, No

CM/L Number and date
(If ISI Marked)

- *

Test Report Details Test Method as per
IS:1060

Yes *

Availability of Type
Test Report covering
complete test
parameters as per
IS:1848 latest from
any ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central
Gov Lab

No No

Test Certificate Number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab where
test Conducted.

- *

Material and GSM Material used (if Eco
mark) as per IS:1848
latest

Paper paper

GSM (gsm) 80 80

Dimension Dimension of ECG
Paper (mm x mtrs)

others others

Coating Details Chemical Coated Yes *

Thickness of coating
(micron)

4 *

Graph Details Graph Printed on
Roll/Sheets

Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/DkHSoMdFrsKl_aSbQ9U6mcnRn_WuxQbLGXSv5vYSj98


 

Graph Colour others *

Graph Colour (if others) - *

Graph grid lines,
typically in red or green
for easy reading, with a
black tracer ink used
The papers grid
includes 1 mm square
across the central
readout portion of the
paper The grid is
further divided by bold
lines into five by five
blocks of the 1 mm
squares, then lines that
are again bolder to
form larger squares of
4 of the five by five 1
mm squares

Yes *

Physical Characteristics The exact amount of
time and voltage is
measured on the x and
y axis of the graph
paper Time is on the x-
axis and voltage on the
y-axis

Yes *

Brightness (%) 85 85

Tensile Index MD
(Machine direction
(Nm/g)

30 *

Tensile Index CD (Cross
direction) (Nm / g)

20 *

Opacity (%) 80 *

Double Fold MD
(Machine direction)
(Nm / g)

18 *

Double Fold CD (Cross
direction) (Nm / g)

10 *

Tear Index MD
(Machine direction)
(Nm m2/g)

3.6 *

Tear Index CD (Cross
direction) (Nm m2/g)

5 *

Cobb Test (g/m2) 10 *

Wax Pick on 10A *

Smoothness (Bendtsen)
(ml/min)

150 *

Packing and Weight Packing IN Roll *

                               3 / 5



 

Net weight (without
weight of core pipe
and plugs,wrapping/
packing paper) (kg)

0.2 0.2

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 GHULAM MOHD
PANDIT

190009,BATMALOO BUS
STAND

50  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 7 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

4.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

5.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract

                               4 / 5



 

specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

