












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713116
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of Principal Chief Materials Manager, South Western
Railway, Hubli

Total Quantity 55

Item Category Metal Alloy Casting Water Tap With Aerator

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Metal Alloy Casting Water Tap With Aerator ( 55 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Metal Alloy Casting Water
Tap With Aerator

*

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/X22I3QsgNeAL-RH-f1AiSnGC5JmerrDIpdWPHiJJ26Q


 

Type Pillar Cock Pillar Cock

Material Material Chrome Plated Alloy Steel,
Chrome Plated Leaded Tin
Bronze

Chrome Plated Alloy Steel,
Chrome Plated Leaded Tin
Bronze

Design Type of Faucet Quarter Turn Quarter Turn

Aerator Provided Yes *

Water flow rate of outlet at
1 kg/cm² Pressure (Milliliter
per minute)

100 - 500 *

Dimension Nominal Thread Size of
Tap(in mm)

15 15

Thickness if NiCr chrome
plated

Not less than service
condition number 2 of table
3 of IS 1068:latest

Not less than service
condition number 2 of table
3 of IS 1068:latest

Weight(in gram) 350 *

Colour Colour Silver Silver
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 J Venkata Ramana
Rao

580020,O/o Sr.Divisional Manager
South Western Railway Divisional
Office Hubli Division

55  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

3.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               2 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

http://www.tcpdf.org

