












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706329

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Department Of Border Management

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Land Ports Authority Of India

Total Quantity 6

Item Category door frame metal detector dfmd security metal
detector

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  11 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  85 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 42960

                             1 / 10



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Deputy Secretary
Land Ports Authority Of India, Department of Border Management, N/A, Ministry of Home Affairs
(Harish Chandra Rai)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Door Frame Metal Detector Dfmd Security Metal Detector ( 6 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                             2 / 10



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TYPE / CAPACITY Type of usage Outdoor Outdoor

Detection Zones Multiple Zone Multiple Zone

Function Detects Ferrous, Non-
Ferrous and alloy
metals concealed in the
body of a person when
passsed through the
arch way

*

Number of
Horizontal Detection
Zones covering full
Height

8 8

Capacity / throughput
rate (person/min)

30 or more *

False Alarm rate (%) 2 *

DIMENSIONS / WEIGHT Passage Height 2003 *

Passage Breadth 760 *

Passage Width 580 *

Weight of the
equipment

Not more than 80 Kg *

DOOR FRAME
CONSTRUCTION

Construction of Door
Frame (Walk-through
Arch)

Light weight, rigid,
laminated side panels
and cross piece with
ABS plastic boots for
panel protection

*

Material of Walk-
through Arch

WOOD WOOD

Provided with base
wheels for easy
mobility

No No

Provided with a floor
panel to attach both
side panels to give
stability & rigidity to
the structure

No No

Ramp over the floor
panel - Covered with
synthetic carpet for
long life

No No

Water proof Yes Yes

Weather proof Yes Yes

                             3 / 10

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/QCEk_Tb60gmG57RYSSSDI48HHkhZAxfxw2pQmIVGgXQ


 

DETECTION Metals detectable Ferrous, Non-Ferrous,
Ferrite & Alloys

*

Uniform Detection from
top to bottom

Yes *

Capable of Metal
Detection in all
orientations

Yes *

Detect multiple objects
of various size, weight
and shape in all the
zones simultaneously
from head to toe

Yes *

Capable of Metal
Detection in walking
speed of interception

Yes *

Performance
independent of the
speed of person
passing through

Yes *

ALARM / INDICATION /
DISPLAY

Audio-Visual indication
on detection at side
panels and control
panel

Yes *

Audible Alarm on
detection with
adjustable volume

Yes *

Bar Display to
indicate Metal
location w r t Height
on person

Yes Yes

Audio-Visual Low
Battery indication

Yes *

Back-lit Display LCD *

SENSITIVITY Operational
Frequencies

User selectable *

Number of User
Selectable frequencies

15 *

Adjustable Sensitivity Yes *

Number of Sensitivity
Levels / Steps

18 *

Uniform Sensitivity in
all zones

Yes *

Calibration Both manual and Auto
Calibration

*

SECURITY Provision to secure
access to the control
unit by a pass word
protected alpha

Yes *

                             4 / 10



 

numeric keypad

Re-setting after alarm
condition

Re-set itself (auto)
within 3 Seconds

*

Walk / Stop indicator
for traffic control

Yes *

Control Panel Easy accessible control
panel, with modular
design and standard
plugs and connectors.
Adjustable controls
should only be
activated on insertion
of a removable key and
/ or by password.

*

User friendly self-
testing diagnostics to
identify faulty condition

Yes *

INTERFERENCE
SUPPRESSION
/REJECTION

Automatic
synchronization for
DFMDs Do not interfere
with adjacent installed
DFMDs located close to
each other upto a
distance of

1 *

Static Metal
Compensation Not
affected by heavily
reinforced floors / roof
tops / walls

Yes *

High discrimination
between small masses
and personal metallic
objects

Yes *

Not affected by
external RF
transmission and EMI
(Electro Magnetic
Interference)

Yes *

Not affected by by
interference, which is
mains-borne or
radiated by external
source

Yes *

Not affected by the
operation of radio,
Mobile phones, walkie-
talkie sets, X-ray
monitors etc within a
distance of one meter

Yes *

Not affected by moving
metallic items such as
trolleys, opening /

Yes *

                             5 / 10



 

closing of metallic gate
etc, one meter away
from the archway

HEALTH & SAFETY Harmless to wearers of
pacemakers,
defibrillators or other
vital support systems,
pregnant women and
magnetic storage
media

Yes *

Not affected by
infrared, ultraviolet,
electromagnetic or RF
radiation

Yes *

Conform to
international security
standards of Safety /
Radiation

Yes *

Harmless to magnetic
media, electronic
devices, Film safe and
Data safe

Yes *

ENVIRONMENTAL Operating
Temperature Range
(Degree C)

Minus 20 to Plus 55
Degree C

Minus 20 to Plus 55
Degree C

Operating Humidity -
Non condensing (RH)
(%)

95 *

POWER SUPPLY /
BATTERY

Source of Power Operated by AC mains
supply and
alternatively by
rechargeable battery

*

Power Supply 100 to 260 VAC *

Battery Re-chargeable,
maintenance free,
internal battery with
charger

Re-chargeable,
maintenance free,
internal battery with
charger

Battery Back-up in
full function (hours)

8 8.0

ACCESSORIES One Standard Test
Piecec for each
machine for testing
during commissioning /
maintenance

Inclusive in the scope
of supply

*

Training tools- Charts,
slides, training
brochure, training work
model, blowup
diagram, video films on
demonstration and use
etc

Inclusive in the scope
of supply

*

                             6 / 10



 

Technical manual
giving full description
of the item, user's
handbook and
literature

Yes *

Practical training 1 Day 1 Day

Availability of
Spares for a period
of 7 years after the
warranty period

Yes Yes

Ruggedized
polypropylene shock
proof container
compliant to IP 65 or
better for safe
transportation of the
equipment

Yes Yes

WARRANTY Warranty (Years) 3 3.0

CERTIFICATION Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Test Report Number &
Date

- *

Name & address of the
Lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Arvind Basavaraj
Akashi

788712,Sutrakandi 4  30

2 Debasis Nandi 799001,Land Ports Authority
of India Agartala - Akhaura
Road, Agartala-Tripura (W)
799001

2  30

                             7 / 10



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name LAND PORTS AUTHORITY OF INDIA Account No. 3717567248 IFSC Code 
CBIN0280310 Bank Name CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA Branch address KHAN MARKET, NEW
DELHI.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

11.For hazardous chemical/item, all precautionary measure as per regulation from the point of
transportation/ handling/ storage/ safety/ health/ environment to be undertaken/ specified
before dispatch. During dispatch, proper symbol for the hazard/ MSDS/ Batch No./ date of
manufacturing/ Gross Weight/ Net Weight/ shelf Life etc are to be written/ printed/ pasted on
the body of the packing.

12. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

                             8 / 10



 

14.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

15.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

16.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name LAND PORTS AUTHORITY OF INDIA Account No. 
3717567248 IFSC Code CBIN0280310 Bank Name CENTRAL BANK OF INDIA Branch address 
KHAN MARKET, NEW DELHI. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of
Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to
upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days
of award of contract.

17.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

18.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

19.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

20.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

21.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): TEST REPORT AS PER MHA QR
AND GEM.

22.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.

                             9 / 10



 

2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

23.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            10 / 10

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

