












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713696
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Eastern Railway

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Sofas

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Sofas ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/P7oGFz451fWbj-odHiih7wJYCvHpGvyP29cUDth-reY


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Material Frame Structure Material
and size (±1 mm)

any other wood of minimum
25 mm thickness

Carved Teak wood of
minimum 25 mm thickness,
any other wood of minimum
25 mm thickness

Seat Cusion Material foam foam

Density of Cushion of Seat
Material ±3 (Kg/Cubic M)

40 *

Type of Spring in the
Base / Seating

No Spring in the Base No Spring in the Base

Generic Total Number of Seats in
the Sofa Set (Nos)

3 3

Type of Sofa and Backrest Seat and Backrest are
permanently fixed with the
frame Structure

*

Number of Single Seater
Units (Nos)

NO SINGLE SEATER UNIT NO SINGLE SEATER UNIT

Number of Two Seater
Units (Nos)

NO TWO SEATER UNIT NO TWO SEATER UNIT

Number of Three Seater
Units (Nos)

1 1

Number of Four Seater
Units (Nos)

NO FOUR SEATER UNITS NO FOUR SEATER UNITS

Frame Covering Fully Upholstered Fully Upholstered

Sofa Set is Foldable to
use as bed

No Yes, No

Backrest Cushion Material foam *

Density of Cushion of
Backrest Material (Kg/Cubic
M)

40 *

Covering Material for
Seat and Backrest

Leatherite Leatherite

Dimension Length of Single Seater
Units in mm (±5 mm)

N.A N.A

Length of Two Seater
Units in mm (±10 mm)

N.A N.A

Length of Three Seater
Units in mm (±10 mm)

1900 1900

Length of Four Seater
Units in mm (±10 mm)

N.A N.A

Depth of Sofa Units in
mm (±10 mm)

775 775

Sofa Height (Without
Back Cushion) ±5 (mm)

400 400.0

Sofa Height (With Back
Cushion) ±5 mm

750 750.0

Arm Width ±5 (mm) 100 *

Arm Height ±5 (mm) 500 *

Seat Height (With Seat
Cushion) ±5 (mm)

415 *

Sofa Leg Height ±2(mm) 25 *

                               2 / 4



 

Sofa Leg Width / Diameter
±2 (mm)

25 *

Seat Cushion Length ±5
(mm)

NA NA

Seat Cushion Width ±5
(mm)

NA NA

Seat Cusion Thickness
±5 (mm)

NA NA

Backrest Cushion Length
±5 (mm)

NA NA

Backrest Cushion Width
±5 (mm)

NA NA

Backrest Cushion Thickness
±3 (mm)

100 *

Thickness of Foam in arms
±2 (mm)

50 *

Thickness of Foam in back
±2 (mm)

50 *

Thickness of Foam in front
±2 (mm)

40 *

Thickness of Foam in sides
±2 (mm)

30 *

Colour & Finish Colour of Polish on exposed
Wood frame

N.A *

Colour of Covering Material black *

Warranty WARRANTY PERIOD IN
NUMBER OF YEARS

5 5

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajnish Kumar
Tripathi

711101,DRM Building Eastern
Railway Howrah

2  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are

validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase
preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is
not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price

                               3 / 4



 

band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 20% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total value.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

