












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702801

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Esic Model Hospital Sector 24 Noida

Total Quantity 30

Item Category Medical Oxygen Gas Cylinders - Steel(Normalized)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 6



 

Medical Oxygen Gas Cylinders - Steel(Normalized) ( 30 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

PRODUCT
INFORMATION

Product description Medical Oxygen Gas
Cylinders - Steel
(Normalized)

*

Purpose Filling of Compressed
Medical Oxygen (I.P)
gas for hospital
purposes

*

CYLINDER TECHNICAL
SPECIFICATION

Conformity to Standard IS: 7285 (Part 1)/2004
(Latest)

*

Product is ISI Marked Yes *

BIS License No (CM/L
No)

- *

Material of Cylinder
body

Normalized Steel *

High pressure seamless
Cylinder

Yes *

Colour coding of
cylinders

Body - Black, Shoulder -
White

*

Cylinder Size B B

Water Capacity of
Cylinder (Litres)

10 *

Hydrostatic test
pressure (Kg/Cm2)

250 *

Maximum working
pressure at NTP
(Normal Temperature
and Pressure) (Kg/Cm2)

150 *

Filling Pressure of
Cylinder at NTP
(Normal Temperature
and Pressure)(Kg/Cm2)

150+/-5% *

Outer diameter,
approx, (mm)

140 *

Minimum Wall
thickness (mm)

4 *

Minimum Cylinder
Length (mm)

830 *

Tare weight (Kg) 14 *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/TEzo0dbpFkRVKNL7x4GRUG2tti2EPyH88KOcdg8kOik


 

Neck ring provided Yes Yes

Foot ring provided Yes Yes

Type of Valve fitted
with the cylinder

Type B (Key operated) Type B (Key operated)

Valve protection caps
available

Yes *

ISI marked Valve
conforming to IS
3224-2002 (Latest)
fitted with the cylinder

Yes *

All fittings should be
leak proof

Yes *

STATUTORY
REQUIREMENTS

Cylinder conforms to
requirements
prescribed in Gas
Cylinder Rules, 2016 of
the Govt of India, with
such modifications and
amendments as may
be ordered/issued from
time to time by the
Chief Controller of
Explosives, Dept of
Petroleum, Govt of
India

Yes *

All cylinders must have
filling permission or
must have HST (Hydro
Stretch Test)
certification from test
shop approved by Chief
Controller of
Explosives, Department
of Petroleum,
Government of India

Yes *

Testing of Cylinder as
per standard protocol is
the responsibility of
Cylinders supplier

Yes *

PACKING & MARKING Each cylinder should be
engraved the details
viz (a) Serial No of
cylinder/Identification,
(b) Code of mfg, (c)
Working pressure, (d)
Water capacity, liters,
(e) Test pressure in
Kg/cm2, (f) Year of
manufacture and
testing, (g)Tare weight
of cylinder

Yes *

All the cylinders should Yes *

                               3 / 6



 

be properly painted as
per their respective
color code, Cylinder No,
name of the supplier,
name of the gas
cylinder and its
contents should be
clearly indicated on the
neck of the cylinder

LICENSES &
CERTIFICATIONS

Type approval
certificate for the
Cylinder to the relevant
IS Standard from
Competent authority to
be made available to
the buyer on demand

Yes *

Cylinder fitness
certificate for each
Cylinder is to be
furnished to the buyer

Yes *

Validity of Cylinder
safety certificate
(years)

5 *

Manufacturer facility
certification available

ISO 9001 (Latest) *

Submission of all
licenses, test reports
and certificates to the
buyer at the time of
supply

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Daya Krishan
Sharma

201301,ESIC MODEL
HOSPITAL A 3 SECTOR 24
NOIDA UP

30  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.

                               4 / 6



 

Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

4.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

8.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should

                               5 / 6



 

have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

