












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708731

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Infrastructure And Industrial Development
Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name Printing And Stationary Department Government Of
Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Allahabad

Total Quantity 48000

Item Category Azurelaid Paper

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  70 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  559 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

                               1 / 5



 

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 139872

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Director Printing & Stationary, UP, Prayagraj
Allahabad, Infrastructure and Industrial Development Department Uttar Pradesh, Printing and
Stationary Department Government of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Director Printing Stationary , Up, Prayagraj)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one

                               2 / 5



 

year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Azurelaid Paper ( 48000 kilogram )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Specification Conforming to IS 1848 :
Latest

*

Whether ISI Marked? No *

CM/L Number and Date
If ISI Marked (hint:
write NA if ISI mark is
not available)

- *

Test Method as per
IS:1060

Yes *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer
on demand"

Yes *

Size and GSM Length of sheet(mm
x mm)

840 840

Width of sheet(mm x
mm)

600 600

GSM of paper 70 70

Outside diameter of
paper(reel)(in cm)

75≤N≤80 75≤N≤80

Outside diameter of
internal core(in mm)

105≤N≤110 105≤N≤110

Inside diameter of
internal core(in mm)

75≤N≤80 75≤N≤80

Watermarking Watermarking as per
buyer requirement

Yes Yes

If required by
buyer,watermarking on
azurelaid paper

Manufacturers mark *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/sTC0nYMokL-oYZzBGdhLLV99W4m5fgkLRUR-XTboCMk


 

Eco Mark Whether eco
marked?

Yes Yes

Product specific
requirement, for eco
marked product

The paper and paper
boards manufactured
out of pulp containing
not less than 60
percent by weight of
pulp made from
materials other than
bamboo, hardwoods,
softwoods and reed.

*

Packing Packing of azurelaid
paper

as per IS 6211 *

Packing type in sheet *

Weight Min Net Weight of
Paper in a pack
(without weight of
wrapping paper) in Kg
as Accounting Unit as
per relevant clause of
IS:1848 : Latest(hint:
Write NA in case of
Reels)

- *

Max Net weight
(without weight of core
pipe and plugs,
wrapping/packing
paper)as per relevant
clause of IS:1848 :
Latest in Kg as
accounting unit(hint:
Write NA in case of
Sheets)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Hari Shanker 226004,Government Press
Aishbagh Mill Road Lucknow

18000  30

2 Dinesh Kumar
Yadav

211001,14/12 Sarojini Naidu
Marg Civil Lines Allahabad

30000  30

                               4 / 5



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Buying Department
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Buying Department

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Director
Printing & Stationary payable at Prayagraj.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

4.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

5.PESCO Certificate: PESCO Certificate shall be mandatory for procurement of bid items.
6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be

ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
10.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee

Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Director Printing & Stationary payable at Prayagraj. After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

