












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708594

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name Nagar Palika Parishad Akbarpur

Office Name Akbarpur Ambedkar Nagar

Total Quantity 5

Item Category E Cart for Garbage with Tipping Facility

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  40 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1050000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 5250

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
JE(Water Engineer)
Akbarpur Ambedkar Nagar, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, Nagar Palika Parishad
Akbarpur,
(Om Prakash Ram)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

E Cart For Garbage With Tipping Facility ( 5 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of E Cart Fully Electric, Battery
Operated Motor Driven
for Carrying Bins

*

Model Number of E-
Cart

- *

Colour of E Cart - *

The E Cart Must
Fabricated From Good
Quality Steel properly
Painted to avoid
Rusting for more than 5
Years,

YES *

Name and Grade of
Steel from which E Cart
Body Framed

- *

Kerb Weight of E- Cart
(kg)

351 *

Garbage Carrying
Capacity (kg)

310 310.0 - 310.0 Or higher

Run Distance (for a
Full Charge of
Battery , to be
tested with full load
at maximum AIS-040
)) (km)

78 More than 78.0 Or
higher

Number of Bins 2 2

Capacity of
Individual Bins in
litres (Ltrs)

400 400.0

Type of Chassis for E
cart

- *

Ground Clearance as
per IS : 9435 (mm)

320 *

Wheel Base (mm) 1980 More than 1980.0 Or
higher

Turning Radius (mm) 1600 Less than 1600.0 Or
lower

Power Transmission
from Motor Shaft to
Wheels

Direct Mounting Direct Mounting

Please Specify the
Mechanical Mechanism
otherwise Put NA

- *

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/pNRcoMSgaUd1dZtmlCcFuC-DicdudjLIm4hwhIdUri0


 

Tipping Facility Yes *

Tipping Angle 75 75.0 - 90.0 Or higher

Method of Tipping Hydraulic Hydraulic

If Others, mention the
method of Tipping

- *

Type of Battery as
per AIS-048

Lead Acid , EV Grade ,
Tubular Deep
Discharge

Lead Acid , EV Grade ,
Tubular Deep
Discharge

Capacity of the
Battery approved by
ICAT/ARAI (Ah)

100 100.0 - 9999999.0 Or
higher

Battery Voltage
,Nominal (Volts)

48V 48V

Maximum Overall
Dimensions of the
Battery ( L x Wx H )
(mm3)

- *

Nominal Filled Weight
of the Battery (kg)

30.25 *

Motor Controller ( Must
Suitable for starting,
accelerating,
decelerating, driving ,
and stopping of E Cart

- *

Battery Charger 220/230 V Nominal
Input Voltage , High
Efficiency Type

*

Charging Current (A) 15 *

Type of Motor Brushless DC Motor *

Motor Output Power
,48V/60V at Full
Load (watt)

1430 1430.0 - 2000.0 Or
higher

Overall Efficiency of
the E Cart ( to be
tested at Full Load
with maximum
speed as per
Concerned AIS
standards (%)

80 80.0 - 100.0 Or higher

Gradeability of E-cart ,
( to be tested at full
procedure as per AIS
-003 Load (Degree)

7 *

Certification Vehicle Certification ICAT ICAT

If Vehicle Certification
from Others Agency
,Name of the Agency
otherwise put NA

- *

                               4 / 8



 

Vehicle Certification
Number and Date

- *

Constructional Seating Facility For Driver only *

Length of E -cart as per
Gazette Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014
(meters)

2.77 *

Width of E -Cart as per
Gazette Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct, 2014
(meters)

0.985 *

Height of E -Cart as per
Gazette Notification by
Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014
(meters)

1.78 *

Dimensions of the
cabin Provided for Bins
(mm x mm x mm)
(mm3)

- *

Size of Front Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Rear Tyre - *

Brake Type (Front) - *

Brake Type ( Rear ) - *

Suspension System
(Front)

- *

Suspension System (
Rear )

- *

Reverse Gear Facility Yes *

The Mounting of
Batteries

Yes *

Vehicle lighting
System

Filament Type Filament Type

Instrument Panel
Containing
Speedometer and
Battery Charging
Indicator

Yes *

Glass Windshield with
wiper motor as
approved by ICAT/ARAI

Yes *

Battery Make as per
AIS :048:2009

Others Others

If others please specify
the Name of Brand
,Otherwise put NA (as

- *

                               5 / 8



 

per AIS048 2009)

Equipped with Start
and Stop Button,
parking Lights , Back
lights with Reverse
Gear Facility

Yes *

Equipped with Fire
Extinguisher

Yes *

Equipped with First Aid
Box

Yes *

Yellow Color reflective
tape on Front and Rear
Side of the E Cart

Yes *

E Cart Integration , Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Speed of the E-
Rickshaw as per CMVR
-2014 with latest
amndmt (to be tested
with Full Load ) (kmph)

22.5 *

Battery Warranty 1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

No. Of Free Service 2 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

Compliance of Centre
of Gravity of E Cart as a
Compulsory Norms for
Safety

Yes *

Confirming to
Applicable
Environmental Test

Yes *

Noise level must be
Low during Operation

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Om Prakash Ram 224122,State Highway 9A,
Muradabad Mohalla,
Akbarpur

5  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have

                               6 / 8



 

regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               7 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

http://www.tcpdf.org

