












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704344

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Technical Education And Man Power Planning
Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name Directorate Of Technical Education Government Of
Madhya Pradesh Bhopal

Office Name Indira Gandhi Engineering College Sagar Mp

Total Quantity 9

Item Category Executive Table

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  22 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Executive Table ( 9 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of supply Assembled Ready To
Use

Assembled Ready To
Use

Frame type Free standing *

Understructure of table Gable end and modesty
panel

*

Storage provided One side One side

Keyboard tray Not provided Not provided

Foot rest Not Provided Not Provided

MATERIAL Table top Material Teak wood Teak wood

Gable end and Teak wood Teak wood

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/3fgRZHy7i1hU-3Ps4Tnnww1qavlFbr2r0pB8zmGcBfI


 

modesty panel
material

Leg Material Teak wood Teak wood

MISC Table top long sides To be post form half
round profile

*

Table top plain sides CP Teak Wood Lipping *

Gable end and modesty
panel plain side

N.A *

Number of buffers
provided

N.A *

DIMENSION Thickness of table
top ±2 mm

25 25.0

Thickness of gable end
and modesty panel
±2mm

38 *

Length of table top
±10 mm

1800 1800.0

Depth of table ±10
mm

750 750.0

Height of table ±10
mm

775 775.0

Dimension of
leg(mmXmm) ±5mm

No legs No legs

STORAGE UNIT Number of Storage
unit provided

Triple storage Triple storage

Width of storage unit
±10mm

450mm *

Depth of storage unit in
mm (±10mm)

600 *

Height of smallest
storage unit ±5mm

N.A *

Height of medium
storage unit ±5mm

N.A *

Height of largest
storage unit ±5mm

N.A *

KEYBOARD TRAY Type of keyboard tray N.A *

Material of keyboard
tray and Right angle L-
type supporting
bracket

N.A *

Keyboard adjustablity N.A *

fixing of supporting
bracket

N.A *

Length of telescopic
channe±l0mm

N.A *

                               3 / 6



 

Average weight of
telescopic channel
±50Gms

N.A *

Keyboard front
width±10mm

N.A *

Keyboard
depth±10mm

N.A *

Keyboard
height±10mm

N.A *

Finish of exposed
edges of keyboard tray

N.A *

Material thickness of
keyboard tray ±1mm

N.A *

FOOTREST Material of footrest N.A *

Length of footrest
±10mm

N.A *

Depth of footrest
±10mm

N.A *

Height of footrest
±10mm

N.A *

Finish of exposed
edges

N.A *

Material thickness of
footrest ±2mm

N.A N.A

COLOUR & FINISH Table top finish Teak laminate/ply with
polish

*

Table top shade As per Buyer's choice *

WARRANTY Warrantee period in
number of years

1 1

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES *

Product having
BIFMA certification

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
9001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
14001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
18001:2007 certified

NO NO

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               4 / 6



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajendra Prasad 470021,BAHERIYA GADGAD,
JABALPUR ROAD, SAGAR
(M.P.) 470021

9  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

5.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

6.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance

                               5 / 6



 

of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
11.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership

or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

12.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

