












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713561
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Transport Department Delhi

Organisation Name Online Vehicle Registration Details - Delhi Transport Department

Office Name Head Quarter

Total Quantity 45000

Item Category Reusable/Washable Cloth Face Mask

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 20250

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 2

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for

                               1 / 4



 

Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Commissioner Transport
Head Quarter, Transport Department Delhi, Online Vehicle Registration Details - Delhi Transport Department,
(Manisha Saxena)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

Reusable/Washable Cloth Face Mask ( 45000 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Description Reusable/Washable Cloth
Face Mask

*

Purpose To protect the wearer from
virus and to slow down the
spread of viruses by the
wearer to others in general
public where social
distancing measures are
difficult to maintain (e.g.,
grocery stores and
pharmacies) especially in
the areas of significant
community-based
transmission may happen or
for other personal
preferences viz. anti dust
and preventing moisture etc

*

Washable and reusable Yes *

PRODUCT INFORMATION Size 7"x 5" 7"x 5"

Color Black Black

Cloth fabric Plain *

Fine Fabric material of
different layers

100 % Cotton 100 % Cotton

Non-irritant, anti-allergenic
and skin friendly

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/UUkK2Z4nI9nazWs_EtKuTGVESItdnXY1GDXp0-3tFOU


 

Breathable without
restriction and environment
friendly

Yes *

Number of layers of
fabric

3 3

GSM of the fabric (g/m2) 50 TO 150 *

Construction Pleated Pleated

Fastening Soft stretch elastic ear loops Soft stretch elastic ear loops

Fits snugly but comfortably
against the side of the face

Yes *

Foldable Yes *

Adjustable flexible Nose
clip

without without

Filter pocket without without

Blows out a candle or
lighter while wearing the
mask

No No

Manufacturer facility
certifications

NA *

PACKAGING Type of packing Packed in moisture proof
cover

*

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide advance
sample of the product for
buyer's approval before
commencement of supply in
case of bidding

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vikrant Mahalwal 110054,5 by 9 Under Hill Road 45000  5

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Provisions for workmen compensation, insurance, public liability, property damage, insurance etc. to be ensured

by the contractor. Also, safety measures prescribed for working in Extra High Voltage & use of personnel
protective equipment must be adhered to.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

                               3 / 4



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

