












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699719

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Finance

Department Name Department Of Revenue

Organisation Name Directorate Of Enforcement

Office Name Hyderabad Zonal Office

Total Quantity 5

Item Category Almirah Steel

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  40 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 40% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Almirah Steel ( 5 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Conformity to Indian
Standard IS:3312
latest

Yes Yes

No of shelves (Nos) 4 4

Type of Shelves Fixed Fixed

Locker Provided No No

Locking System with
the locker

NA NA

Cloth hanging provision
in the Almirah

No *

Number of Doors
(Nos)

2 2

Door Stiffner upto
full door height
Provided with the
almirah doors

No No

Number of Hinges
with each door (Nos)
- No hinges if having
sliding door with top
hanging

2 2

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/xSOTpgtcWNblUVipFJ-T-B_moxy6sFuN0iNGNooVejk


 

arrangement

Number of Glass
Sheet fixed in each
Almirah door (Nos)

N.A N.A

Construction Welded Welded

Lock Three Way bolting
device controlled by
lock

Three Way bolting
device controlled by
lock

MATERIAL Material M S Sheet conforming
to Quality Grade D of
IS:513/2008 with
amend. no. 1 (Not as
per IS 3312)

M S Sheet conforming
to Quality Grade D of
IS:513/2008 with
amend. no. 1 (Not as
per IS 3312)

Material of Almirah
Doors

M S Sheet M S Sheet

Sheet Thickness of
Locker

0.8 mm 0.8 mm

Length of Glass
Sheet ±10 (mm)

N.A N.A

Width of Glass Sheet
±10 (mm)

N.A N.A

Sheet Thickness of
door in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Sheet Thickness of
sides,back , Top and
Bottom

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Sheet Thickness of
Shelves

0.8 mm 0.8 mm

Sheet Thickness of
Pedestal in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Material of Lock steel steel

Material of Keys steel steel

DIMENSION Height (Without
Pedestal) (in mm)
(+/- 10 mm)

1855 1855

Width in mm (± 7
mm)

910 910.0

Depth in mm (±5
mm)

480 480.0

Inside Height of
Locker in mm (± 5
mm)

370 mm 370 mm

Inside Width of
Locker in mm (±5
mm)

910 mm 910 mm

Inside Depth of
Locker in mm (±5

486 mm 486 mm

                               3 / 5



 

mm)

Width of Stiffner in
mm (±5 mm)

115 mm 115 mm

Thickness of MS
Sheet of Stiffner (in
mm)

0.8 mm 0.8 mm

Stiffened Pedestal
height in mm (±2
mm)

120 120

Pedestal Width in
mm (±2 mm)

70 70

COLOUR & FINISH Finish Synthetic enamel Synthetic enamel

Colour of Paint ash gray *

Packing: Bubble Sheet *

CERTIFICATION ISI marked No *

CM/L No. - *

WARRANTY WARANTEE PERIOD
IN NUMBER OF
YEARS

1 1

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ashok Kumar Kaul 500004,ENFORCEMENT
DIRECTORATE, 3RD FLOOR,
SHAKAR BHAVAN, OPPOSITE
POLICE CONTROL ROOM,
FATEH MAIDAN ROAD,
BASHEERBAGH,
HYDERABAD.

5  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited

                               4 / 5



 

Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

7.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

