












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706020

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Central Railway Hq Stores Deptt.

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Pulse Oximeter

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 6



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Pulse Oximeter ( 100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Standards

- *

Certification number
and date

- *

"Electrical safety
conforms to standards
for electrical safety"

IEC-60601-1 or
equivalent BIS

*

Performance
Parameters

Type of Pulse
Oximeter

FINGER TIP FINGER TIP, HAND
HELD, TABLE TOP

Should work during
motion and very low
perfusion conditions

Yes *

Special Signal
processing
Technology (Motion
artifact rejection)

Masimo - SET
technology

Masimo - SET
technology

SPO2 probes Reusable Reusable

Oxygen saturation
Range

0-100% *

Pulse rate 25-240 BPM *

Display of SPO2 and
PR

digital display with
plethysmograph with
trends

digital display with
plethysmograph with
trends

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/8oeRZZ4vQWZCc_vkx19eR-h6K2A0TGms__KhP20nMV4


 

Accuracy ± 5 % *

Type of Patient Adult Adult

Should be shock
proof

Yes Yes

Display (with
contrast adjust-
ability)

LCD LCD

Display should be
Readable from at
least 3 feet

Yes Yes

Saturation displayed
on the screen

Yes Yes

Pulse Rate displayed
on the screen

Yes Yes

Perfusion Index
displayed on the
screen

Yes Yes

Status of battery
charging displayed
on the screen

Yes Yes

Sensor off /on status Yes Yes

Audible and visual
Alarms

Yes Yes

Alarm override
facility should be
present

Yes Yes

Trends 48 hrs 48 hrs

Type of trend
display

Tabular Tabular

Data interval in sec 30 *

Power source Battery operated Battery operated

Automatic switch
from mains to
battery in case of
power failure

NA NA

RS 232C interface
for data
communication and
transfer

NA NA

Should have
provisions for
wireless and blue
tooth connectivity

NA NA

Patient extension
cable

Not Provided Not Provided

Power consumption in 9 *

                               3 / 6



 

watts

Operating Temperature "Ambient temperature
of 0 to 40 deg C and
relative humidity of 15
to 90%"

*

Weight of the machine
in kg

0.05 *

Protective splash
proof case for clean
and strogage and
safe transport
provided

No Yes, No

Length of power
cable

NA NA

Noise level in dB 20 *

Display must allow
easy viewing in all
ambient light levels

Yes *

Probes Type of probe Adult Adult

Probe usage Reusable Reusable

Number of probes
provided (Hint: in
case adult , pediatric
and neonatal are
selected for type of
probe all the three
have to be given and
in case adult &
pediatric are
selected both are to
be given)

1 each 1 each

NIBP Parameters Non invasive blood
pressure (NIBP)
provided

No Yes, No

Type of BP
monitoring

NA (If NIBP not
provided)

Adult, Pediatric,
Neonatal, NA (If NIBP
not provided)

NIBP range in mmH NA (If NIBP not
provided)

NA (If NIBP not
provided)

Cuff size NA (If NIBP not
provided)

NA (If NIBP not
provided)

Number of cuff's
provided

NA (If NIBP not
provided)

NA (If NIBP not
provided)

Warranty in years
(without probes)

1 1

Warranty for probes
in years

Not Provided 1, 2, Not Provided

Reports Confirmity to Both ISO 9001 & ISO Both ISO 9001 & ISO

                               4 / 6



 

Manufactures
Certification

13485 & ICMED 9001 &
13485

13485 & ICMED 9001 &
13485

ISO/ ICMED
Certification number
and date

- *

Copies of all
certifcations to be
furnished to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pravindra Vasudeo
Wanjari

413001,DRM OFFICE
CENTRAL RAILWAY SOLAPUR

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 2 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

                               5 / 6



 

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered

as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
12. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

13.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

14.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

15.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

16.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

17.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

