












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703079

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Eastern Railway

Total Quantity 16

Item Category dot matrix printers

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Dot Matrix Printers ( 16 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Number of Pins
(Nos.)

24 24

Number of Columns
(Nos.)

80 80

Print Speed at Draft
Mode at 10 cpi (cps)

390 More than 390.0 Or
higher

Print Speed at High
Speed Draft Mode at
10 cpi (cps)

416 More than 416.0 Or
higher

Print Speed at NLQ
Mode at 10 cpi for 9 pin
only (cps)

0 *

Print Speed at LQ Mode
at 10 cpi for 24 pin only
(cps)

416 *

Input Data Buffer
Capacity (KB)

100 100

Auto share feature Yes *

Parallel Port Available *

USB Available *

Network Interface ( LAN
)

Not Available *

Over all dimensions
(Length x Width x
Height) (mm)

- *

Weight (Kgs) 4.1 *

Power Supply 230 V AC *

Power Consumption- 22 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Jk-lq6IEzpshSsJa89sMxs5PBkwckOSBK9hm8D5RWBI


 

max in Print Mode
(watts)

Power consumption-
max in Standby Mode
(watts)

1.3 *

BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number

- *

Availability of test
reports from Central
Govt /NABL / ILAC
accredited Lab showing
conformity to the
specification

No *

If yes, Test Report
Number

- *

If Yes, Test Report date - *

If Yes, Name of Test lab - *

If yes, Address of Test
Lab

- *

On Site OEM
Warranty (Years)

2 2

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Subroto
Mukherjee

711101,DRM Building
Eastern Railway Howrah

16  30

Special terms and conditions for category dot matrix printers 

1.As per notification of MEITY circulated vide letter no. F.No.33(1)/2017-IPHW..dated
:14/09/2017, the minimum local content should be 55 percent to qualify as local or domestic
manufacturer.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of

                               3 / 5



 

goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

6.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant
policy.

7.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total
value.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 4 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /

                               4 / 5



 

rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

