












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/689759

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development And Environment Department

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Municipal Corporation Katni

Total Quantity 90000

Item Category Polyaluminium Chloride

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  64 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 32400

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Commissioner
Municipal Corporation Katni, Urban Development and Environment Department, N/A,
(Ashfaq Parvez)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Polyaluminium Chloride ( 90000 kilogram )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Ai6Qdeg3cihlZr9P74HD3NuaIlyV1yCMesh_2oQFPF8


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conforming to
IS:15573(Latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked Yes *

CM/L Number(Must
declare,if ISI marked)

- *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer
on demand

Yes *

Apart from tests
specified in
IS:15573(latest)
specific focus will be on
tests regarding toxicity

- *

Requirements Polyaluminium chloride
is to be manufactured
from virgin raw
materials so that it is
safe for drinking water

Yes *

Form liquid *

Grade High basicity *

Description "For Liquid:
Polyaluminium chloride
shall be colourless to
pale yellow, hazy to
transparent liquid, and
shall be free from
organic contaminants"

*

"Aluminium as
Al2O3, percent by
mass, min "

10.2 10.2

Basicity, percent by
mass, min

64 64

Chloride as Cl,
percent by mass,
max

10.5 10.5

Sulphate as SO4,
percent by mass,
max

2.5 2.5

Specific gravity at
25 oC, Min

1.18 1.18

                               3 / 7



 

Viscosity (dynamic) at
20 oC , mPa

3.30 *

Bulk density, gm/ml,
Min

NA *

Mercury (as Hg),
ppm, max

0.20 0.20, 0.60

Arsenic (as As) ,
ppm, max

5.00 5.00, 15.00

Cadmium (as Cd) ,
ppm, max

6 6, 18

Lead (as Pb) , ppm,
max

30 30, 90

Iron (as Fe) and
Manganese (as Mn) ,
ppm, max

100 100, 300

Chromium (as Cr),
ppm, max

15 15, 45

Insolubles, percent
by mass, Max

0.5 0.5, 1.5

pH of percent
solution, w/v

1.8-4.5 1.8-4.5

Toxicity Toxicity in drinking
water through use of
polyaluminum chloride
is to be avoided at any
costs

Yes *

Packing Packing of the liquid
material

plastic lined containers *

Transportation of the
liquid material

NA *

Packing of the powder
material (Polyaluminum
chloride powder
absorbs moisture when
exposed to
atmosphere)

Any other *

If any other, please
specify

- *

Packing in
returnable drums

Yes Yes, No, NA

Packing Size (kg),
max

250 250

Marking "The containers shall
bear legibly and
indelibly the following
information: a) Name
and grade of the
material; b) Name of

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

the manufacturer and
trade-mark, if any; c)
Mass of the material in
package or tanker; d)
Date of manufacture;
and e) Batch No/Lot No
"

If the material is
supplied in bulk, a card
bearing all the required
information required
shall be placed with the
supply

Yes *

"The container shall
also be marked with
the following
information: Corrosive
liquid, irritating to
eyes; in case of
contact, rinse
immediately with
plenty of water and
seek medical advice,
On contact with skin,
wash immediately with
plenty of water,
immediately take off all
the contaminated
clothing, Wear suitable
gloves and eyes/face
protection, while
handling the material "

Yes *

"The packages may
also be marked with
the Standard Mark"

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sudhir Mishra 483501,MAHARANI LAXMI
BAI WARD, , KATNI

90000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 7



 

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

11.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

12.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for

                               6 / 7



 

supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

