












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/695783

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Housing And Urban Development Department Odisha

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Cuttack Municipal Corporation

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Municipal solid waste Twin shaft shredder

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 79800

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

                               1 / 9



 

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Commissioner
Cuttack Municipal Corporation, Housing and Urban Development Department Odisha, N/A,
(Suba Rao Patro)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Municipal Solid Waste Twin Shaft Shredder ( 4 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance
Parameters

Type of Shredder Twin Shaft Twin Shaft

Application of
shredder

Shredder for Municipal
Solid Waste containing
various objects such as

Shredder for Municipal
Solid Waste containing
various objects such as

                               2 / 9

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/JUa_HFvEnRdsntA6kTFHAcjFakV2JDG0PxeaoHTp8_s


 

plastic bottles, plastic
waste , thrash waste,
organic waste etc

plastic bottles, plastic
waste , thrash waste,
organic waste etc

Nature of Operation Heavy Duty Medium Duty, Heavy
Duty

Hooper Loading Conveyor Conveyor

Type of Drive Electric Electric

Shape of Shaft Hexagonal Shaped Hexagonal Shaped

Input Electrical
Supply

Three phase (440 V. 50
Hz)

Three phase (440 V. 50
Hz)

Motor Power in HP @
1440 rpm

7.5 HP 7.5 HP

Motor class IE2 IE2, IE3

Type of control
panel

Manual Based Manual Based

Independent electrical
panel

Yes *

Noise level in dB at 1
meter distance while
working

70 *

Capacity of waste bin
in litres

1000 *

Auto Reverse System
available

Yes *

Installation and
Demonstration by
seller at site before
acceptance by buyer

Yes *

Warranty (with free
spare parts and free
service) on machine

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5

Number of
preventative
maintenance visits
during warranty
(number per annum)

2 2, 3, 4

Product Instruction
Manual,Maintanance
Manual and servicing
instructions to be
supplied

Yes *

Tool kit for Repair
and maintenance to
be supplied

Yes Yes

Availability of base
frame with accessories

Yes *

Over load protection Yes *

                               3 / 9



 

Gear box for speed
reduction

Yes Yes

Availability of Door
Open Cut off switch

Yes *

Capacity of shredder
taking 8 hrs per day
operation in
tonnes(1000 Kg)

20 10, 20

Material of Housing
Enclosure

Mild steel Mild steel

Dimensional & Material
Parameters

Length of shaft in
mm with tolerance
±10 mm

950 950

Inside dimension of
shredder chamber in
mm x mm with
tolerance ±5 mm

700 x 853 700 x 853

Opening of loading
hooper in mm x mm
with tolerance ±5
mm

800 x 1050 800 x 1050

Overall Dimesnion of
shredding machine in
Length x width x height
(mm x mm x mm )

- *

Overall weight of the
Machine in Kg

1200 *

Material of Shaft Alloy Steel Mild Steel, Alloy Steel

Diameter of Shaft in
mm with tolerance
±5 mm

100 100

Conveyor Parameters Type of Conveyor
provided with Twin
shaft shredding
machine

Trough Conveyor Trough Conveyor

Range of Capacity
handled by Conveyor
in TPD with 8 hour
duty

16-20 6-10, 16-20

Width of Belt for
slider bed
type/trough
conveyor in mm

600 600

Diameter of Driving
Pulley for slider bed
type conveyor in mm
with tolerance ±5
mm

240 240

Diameter of Driven 250 250

                               4 / 9



 

Pulley for slider bed
type conveyor in mm
with tolerance ±5
mm

Type of Screw
Conveyor

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor

Screw dia or pitch
screw conveyor in
mm with tolerance
+/- 5 mm

Not applicable for
sorting type conveyor

Not applicable for
sorting type conveyor

Casing of screw
conveyor

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor

Outside Diameter of
Screw pipe with
Tolerance of +/- 3
mm for screw
conveyor

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor

Supporting Cutter
Blades for screw
conveyor

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor
or No conveyor is
provided

Not Applicable for
sorting type Conveyor
or No conveyor is
provided

Motor Rating in HP
for Conveyor

1.5 1.5

Type of Coating on
Conveyor

Enamel Paint of
Desired Shade

Enamel Paint of
Desired Shade

Additional Parameters Material of Base
Frame

MS MS

Machine should be
painted with enamel
paint of buyer desired
shade

Yes *

Electriccal safety
requirement as per IS
302-1:2008 latest
amendment

Yes *

Certificates parameters Availability of ISO
Certification for
machine

Yes *

ISO certification
number with details if
no ISO certificate
available put NA

- *

Availability of CE
Certification for
machine

- *

CE certification number
with details if no
certificate available put
NA

- *

                               5 / 9



 

Reports Availability of test
report from central
govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to
prove conformity to
specification
indicated including
electrical safety
requirements as per
IS 302 latest

Yes Yes

Test report number if
no test report available
put No

- *

Test report date if no
test report available
put No

- *

Name of the lab If no
test report available
put No

- *

Address of the lab if no
test report is available
put No

- *

Copies of
Certifications of
manufacturer of the
machine, Certificates
from manufacturers
from bought out
components and
material test
certificates to be
submitted to Buyer
on demand after
placement of order

- Yes, NA

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Suba Rao Patro 753001,Cuttack Municipal
Corporation, Bikash Bhawan,
Opposite of Jhanjirmangala
gada, Badambadi,Cuttack

4  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               6 / 9



 

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having

                               7 / 9



 

Functional Service Centre.
8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have

Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.
9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
10.SLBR52
11.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before

dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

16.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

17.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

18.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

19.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Commissioner, Cuttack Municipal Corporation A/C (Name of the Seller). The

                               8 / 9



 

bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               9 / 9

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

