












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713308
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 40 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Energy And Petro Chemicals Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Electricity Board (geb) - Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam
Limited (guvnl)

Office Name Madhya Gujarat Vij Company Limied Baroda Circle

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Screw Drivers

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Screw Drivers ( 100 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/D3g-7jufSoz4QZfEaqAsM30fxrsnyqWvisvLqeYPlpU


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to Standards IS : 844 Part 1 and Part II
latest

IS : 844 Part 1 and Part II
latest

BIS Marked No No

CM/L No if BIS Marked
otherwise put NA

- *

Performance Parameters Type of Screw Drivers Electricians Screwdrivers Electricians Screwdrivers

Screw Driver Point Size
or Tip Size (a x b) in mm
x mm

0.4 x 1.6 0.4 x 1.6

Tip of Phillip Screw Driver ,
for others put NA for Flat Tip

1 *

Shape of Blade Square Square

Diameter of Blade if Round
Shape in mm otherwise put
NA for Square Shape Blade

5 *

Length of Blade in mm 125 125

Type of Head Slotted Head *

Size of Head M 1.6 M 1.6

Weight of Screwdriver in
gms

46 46

Insulation on Blade Yes Yes

The blade of Screwdrivers
shall be protected against
rust by plating with nickel ,
Chromium or zinc

Yes *

The blade shall be free from
seams , burr, cracks or
other manufacturing defects

Yes *

The blade shall be finished
smooth and bright all over

Yes *

The handle shall be
provided with proper
seerations to avoid alip
during use

Yes *

The handle shall be finished
smooth and convenient for
holding

Yes *

The screwdrivers points
shall be ground blunt and
shall lie in the same plane
as axis of the blade

Yes *

Material Parameters Material of Blade Steel *

Material of Handle Plastic *

Material of Ferrules Steel confirming to Type D
of IS 513 latest

*

Length of Handle in mm 25 25
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               2 / 3



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Khadilkar Nitinbhai 391740,Deputy Engineer (Store)
Madhya Gujarat Vij Company
Limited 66 KV SS Compound, Opp.
Prakruti Resort, At. & Po :Chhani
Ta.: Vadodara. Dist. : Vadodara

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk

manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 2 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

