












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703188

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Principal Chief Material Manager,north
Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur

Total Quantity 1800

Item Category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 32
(a). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 5



 

Beneficiary: 
Senior Divisional Materials Manager
Office Of The Principal Chief Material Manager,north Eastern Railway, Gorakhpur, NA, N/A, Ministry
of Railways
(Naresh Kumar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Power Cable For Direct Burial Xlpe Ugac Cable ( 1800 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Buying Through bidding only *

Size of Cable (in
Sq.mm)

95.0 95.0

Number of cores
(nos)

4 3.5, 4

Cable Type Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming

Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uZFGH00wEE3_J6QK8xyOy7mO04DwBeAI4aelicY2qJ0


 

to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

BIS marked yes *

BIS certificate number - *

Armouring Galvanised steel Strip
armoured

Galvanised steel Strip
armoured

Armouring Type single wire or strip
armouring

single wire or strip
armouring

shape of conductor Stranded and Shaped Stranded and Shaped

CONSTRUCTIONAL Number of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

size of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

Material of conductor Aluminium EC Grade *

Weight of finished
cable per meter

- *

In addition to marking
requirements as per
relevant specification,
sequential marking for
length, Size of the
cable, Type of the
cable and Drum
Number shall be
embossed on every
metre of the cable

yes *

standard cable length
on a drum

500 meter for cable
size up to and including
185 sqmm.

*

Part length which can
be supplied by seller
(meter)

- *

cable to be supplied on
wooden drums
conforming to IS:
10418/82 with latest
amendments.

yes *

Quantity supplied shall
not be more than the
ordered quantity.

yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity to the

yes *

                               3 / 5



 

specification for
minimum and
maximum ratings.

Type Test Certificate
No.

- *

Type Test Certificate
date

- *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ram Nagendra
Singh

221002,OFFICE OF THE
DIVISIONAL RAILWAY
MANAGER,NORTH EASTERN
RAILWAY, VARANASI

1800  60

Special terms and conditions for category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable 

1.Specification for Cross linked Polyethylene insulated thermoplastic sheathed cables" is as
per IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 with latest amendments including amendment no.5. Manufacturer
shall furnish calculation sheet as per Appendix-C of IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 amdt., no.5 to
buyer/consignee on demand. (Gem Category: Cross linked polyethylene and XLPE insulated
PVC outer sheathed cable with aluminum conductor suitable for rated voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988 with latest amendment including amendment
no.5)

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: CONSIGNEE

2.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract

                               4 / 5



 

specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

