












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713897
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Antagarh Uttar Bastar District-kanker Chhattisgarh

Total Quantity 1050

Item Category Plywood ( PAC Only ) 

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  65000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 4



 

Plywood ( 1050 square foot ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make century

Model centurycommercalplyboard19mm

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

DIMENSION Dimension of Plywood
Board (mm x mm)

2400X1200 2400X1200

Thickness of Plywood
Board (mm)

19 19

GENERIC Grades BWR BWR

Types Based on
Classification by
Appearance

AA AA

Conformity to Indian
Standard

IS: 303 Latest *

Type of Preservatives WATER *

Preservative Treatment Yes *

CONSTRUCTION Number of Ply 11 Ply 11 Ply

CERTIFICATION BIS Licence No 9232470 *

ISI Marked Yes *

SELLING UNIT SELLING UNIT SELLING UNIT IS PER
SQUARE FOOT. PRICES ARE
TO BE GIVEN IN PER
SQUARE FOOT

SELLING UNIT IS PER
SQUARE FOOT. PRICES ARE
TO BE GIVEN IN PER
SQUARE FOOT

WARANTEE WARANTEE PERIOD IN
NUMBER OF YEARS

1 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bhupendra Singh 732141,44 BN BSF, NARAYANPUR,
MALDA, WEST BENGAL

1050  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer

before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 7 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/fwMFPRYkRQmHjJPkrAdaMoRvuP8kOYPDj1f3tWBLWDg


 

period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.
2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
3.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can

form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

4.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement by some foreign
governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not allowed to participate in this bid in
terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017

7.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are
validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

8.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

9.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

10.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

11.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid, the Inspection
Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by it, as Reference Sample to each
consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for comparing the lot received at consignee end with such

                               3 / 4



 

reference sample. Such reference samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall
be borne by the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

