












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706815

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name Ig Bsf Spl Ops Chhattisgarh

Total Quantity 118997

Item Category cotton tape newar

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1450000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 4



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Cotton Tape Newar ( 118997 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Material: Cotton yarn of
60 tex x 2 (10/2) to
IS:171-1973

Yes *

CONSTRUCTION Weave of cotton newar Herringbone *

Mass of the Cotton
Newar (g/m)

31 *

DIMENSIONS Width of Cotton Newar
(mm)

65 *

Length of the roll (mtrs) 35.5 *

COLOUR Shade Dyed Sulphur khaki *

SPECIFICATION Conformity to Indian IS:1895-1982 with *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uEc3HATGBldnEBjbAq2bwxelxjcPnv8V5UEeCt9Hq4c


 

Standard latest amendments

TEST REPORT Availability of test
Report from Central
govt/ NABL/ ILAC
accredited laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specfication

Yes *

Test report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

Name of lab where test
conducted

- *

Test report and
certificate No.

- *

Test Report and
certificate Date

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Azad Singh Malik 490006,THQ IG SPL OPS,
BSP Hr Secondary School,
Opposite SBI- Maroda Uttai
Risali sector, Bhilai

118997  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

                               3 / 4



 

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NABCB Textile Committee- EP & QA Division
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: NIL

3.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

