












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702901

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Science And Technology

Department Name Department Of Scientific And Industrial Research
(dsir)

Organisation Name Council Of Scientific And Industrial Research (csir)

Office Name Csir-national Aerospace Laboratories, Bengaluru

Total Quantity 250

Item Category telephone instrument single push button

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

Telephone Instrument Single Push Button ( 250 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Connecting Cord
Length with each
instrument (mtrs)

2 *

Colour black/grey *

Hands free two way
speaker phone

Yes Yes

Mounting position both desk and wall
mounting

*

Connecting Jack RJ 11 *

Material High impact resistant
polymer

*

Alpha Numeric
Keyboard

Yes *

Weight (gms) 450 *

Alarm facility No *

DIALLING/RINGING
FEATURES

Mute No No

No of Ring volume
setting

4 *

Redial facility Yes *

Caller ID Yes Yes

No of selectable ring
melody tone

5 *

Flash Yes *

Ringing LED indication No *

Pause/Hold Yes *

Tone/pulse switchable Yes *

MEMORY No of Fast Dialing Keys - *

No of Incoming call
Memory

37 *

No of outgoing call
memory

15 *

No.of Memory for
redialing

15 *

DISPLAY DETAILS Display With With

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/MgA8bKM2GGEC1S06aMMtBw0mItDllYaUKzqr9B7SELM


 

No.of digits in
display

16 16

CERTIFICATE Availability of the Test
Report from TEC

Yes *

TEC approval Yes *

TEC certificate No(not a
part of biddable
parameter)

- *

TEC certificate
Date(not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

Validity of TEC
cerficate(not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 E Damodara 560017,Old Airport Road,
Kodihalli, Bangalore - 560
017,

250  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the

                               3 / 5



 

currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by
the Government of India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification
of GST concession and the conditions for eligibility of concession are met by the institution.
A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the Seller after award of the Contract.
Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the Concessional rate of GST.
Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : GOI NOTIFICATION: 45/17 & 47/17 GOK NOTIFICATION: 45/2017
dated 14/11/2017

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

8.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

