












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706802

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Mines

Department Name Hindustan Copper Limited

Organisation Name Hindustan Copper Limited

Office Name Kolkata Corporate Office

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Utility Vehicles ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank ICICI

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 29627

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.

                               1 / 6



 

Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Manager
KOLKATA CORPORATE OFFICE, HINDUSTAN COPPER Limited, HINDUSTAN COPPER Limited, Ministry
of Mines
(Mexan Minj)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Utility Vehicles ( 2 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make mahindra&mahindra

Model mahindrabolerocamper4wdpsbsvi

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine
Capacity (cc)

2523 More than 2523.0 Or
higher

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Vehicle Colour type Solid Solid

Colour of the vehicle WHITE white

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(in KM/Litre)

14.3 Any applicable numeric
value

Engine Gradeability
(Degree)

16.7 16.7 - 50.0 Or higher

Air Conditioning Without With, Without

Engine BHP@rpm 75HP@3200rpm *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/pKs1XUlj6OpGUgKnyygrY4E9BES2kUZeCWHyTenXSqo


 

Engine Torque
(Max.)@rpm (N-
m@rpm)

200Nm@1500-1800
rpm

*

Number of Cylinders
in Engine

4 4.0 - 10.0 Or higher

Type Of Vehicle Body Chassis Frame *

Seating Capacity 5 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

57 *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

185 More than 185.0 Or
higher

Wheel Base 3014 3014.0 - 5000.0 Or
higher

Boot Space (Ltrs) 0 *

Kerb Weight 1770 1770.0 - 5000.0 Or
higher

Gross Vehicle
Weight

2735 2735.0

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Radial

Size Of Tyre 235/75 R15 *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

No. of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 5.0 - 10.0 Or higher

Type of Wheel drive Four Wheel drive Four Wheel drive

Drive Axle Front and rear Front and rear

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius (mm) 6750 *

Vehicle Brake ABS
Fitted

No Yes, No

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake Disc Brake

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake Drum Brake

Vehicle Air Intake
System

TurboCharged TurboCharged

Driver Airbag No *

Battery Make Multiple OEMs *

Vehicle Gradeability
(in Degrees)

16.7 Any applicable numeric
value

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT
Number

AAON0356 *

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Time 36 36.0

                               3 / 6



 

Battery Warranty 12 12.0

Warranty Distance
(unlimited during
warranty period)

No *

Warranty Distance(in
KM) (If not unlimited
during warranty period)

100000 *

No of Free Services 3 3.0 - 20.0 Or higher

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Transportation
Charges including
transient insurance
and temporary
registration(in Rs)

10.5 Any applicable text(s)

Constructional
Parameters

No.of Doors (Nos.) 4 *

Length of Vehicle
Body

4859 4859.0 - 10001.0 Or
higher

Width of Vehicle
Body

1700 1700.0 - 3000.0 Or
higher

Height of Vehicle
Body

1855 1855.0 - 3000.0 Or
higher

Type of Wheel Simple Simple

Size of Wheel 15 *

Central Locking No *

Co -Driver Airbag No Yes, No

Side Airbag Rear No Yes, No

Rear seatbelt Yes Yes

Leather Seats No Yes, No

Day & Night View
Mirror

Without With, Without

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mexan Minj 481116,Malanjkhand Copper
Project, Dist- Balaghat,
Madhya Pradesh- 481116

2  30

                               4 / 6



 

Special terms and conditions for category Utility Vehicles 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing
their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with

                               5 / 6



 

Buyer.
6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic

Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Hindustan Copper Limited Account No. 11290757078 IFSC Code 
SBIN0004510 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address SBI Malanjkhand, Dist-
Balaghat, Madhya Pradesh, Pin Code- 481116.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

