












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708050

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Govind Ballabh Post Graduate Institute Of Medical
Education And Research

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Steam Sterlizer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  24 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 13368

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
H.O.O.
Govind Ballabh Post Graduate Institute Of Medical Education And Research, Health and Family
Welfare Department Delhi, N/A,
(Medical Superintendent)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Steam Sterlizer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 7



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Construction Type of Steriliser HORIZONTAL
CYLINDRICAL Steam
Steriliser Pressure type
for Hospital and
Pharmaceutical use,
Steriliser Chamber size:
400 mm (Diameter) x
1100 mm (Length),
conforming to IS:
3829(part 1)/1999,
fitted with Silicon door
gasket( expansion
type). Electric load load
of the unit shall be 9
KW

HORIZONTAL
CYLINDRICAL Steam
Steriliser Pressure type
for Hospital and
Pharmaceutical use,
Steriliser Chamber size:
400 mm (Diameter) x
1100 mm (Length),
conforming to IS:
3829(part 1)/1999,
fitted with Silicon door
gasket( expansion
type). Electric load load
of the unit shall be 9
KW

Steam supply to
Steriliser

Direct Steam Operation
from an external
source

Direct Steam Operation
from an external
source

Material: Steriliser
parts; Chamber,
Jacket, Door, Door
Ring and shall be
made of

SS 304 SS 304

Type of control Manual through indt.
switch based

Manual through indt.
switch based

CONSTRUCTION Instruction plate on
Steam Steriliser
advising user to use
soft water for steam
generation for long
service life of Steam
Steriliser

YES *

Whether a
compatible water
softener/reversed
osmosis based
system to feed water
to the steam
generator unit is to
be supplied with the
steriliser:

Yes Yes

Provision of Lock on
Steriliser Chamber
door:

Manual Lock Manual Lock

Installation The site ready for
installation equipped
with water supply,

*

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jT6qAZEboX2S8zh_XiZjTjv2NuSObJqsP5VT90-YsU0


 

electric connection
cabling and drainage
outlet shall be provided
by Buyer. The Seller
shall be responsible to
carry out for
installation of the
offered Steam Steriliser
unit on turnkey basis
i.e. Any civil work
required for installation
of the ordered
equipment i.e. flooring/
tilling/plastering/Paint
and/or wood work shall
be Seller’s
responsibility. The
Seller shall also provide
training to personnel of
buyer.

Type of Door: Radial Type Radial Type

Display facility for
Sterilisation Cycle
parameters

Chamber
Temperature,Alarm
indicator,Low water
indicator

Chamber Temperature,
Alarm indicator, Low
water indicator

Print facility for
record generation of
dates, time, load,
identification
number and
operating
parameters
(temperature and
holding time etc):

Yes, port given to
connect an external
Printer Unit

Yes, port given to
connect an external
Printer Unit

Warranty Period 3 3, 5 Or higher

No of Doors in
Steriliser

1 1

Whether Type Test
Certificate from a
Govt/NABL/ILAC
approved testing
laboratory is
available (If Yes, to
be furnished by
Seller to Buyer on
demand) for the
offered product?

Yes Yes

Type of user friendly
Interface (for
microprocessor
controlled Sterilizer)
to specify
parameters for
running Sterilization

NA NA

                               4 / 7



 

cycle:

Data Transfer facility
through USB /RS232
port to
computer/laptop on
real time basis

No No

Air removal from
Sterilisation chamber,
after loading the
steriliser, by on for
more
pressure/vacuums
pulsing for proper
steam penetration

YES *

Integrated Shredder
Facility

Integrated Shredder
(for shredding the
load in Sterilisation
chamber)

Not available Not available

Material: Shredder
parts;

SS 304 SS 304

Power of Motor used
for Shredding

NA, no integrated
Shredder unit offered

NA, no integrated
Shredder unit offered

Accessories (made of
SS 316) for
loading/unloading and
handling of Load

Number of Rails: 0 0, 2 Or higher

Long Handle: 0 0

Sterilisation
Carriages

0 0, 1, 2 Or higher

Pull out Trays/Tanks 2 2

Floor loading carts 0 0, 2 Or higher

Transfer carriages: 2 2 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Chetan Ray 110002,1-Jawaharlal Nehru
Marg, Near Delhi Gate New
Delhi-110002

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Provisions for workmen compensation, insurance, public liability, property damage,
insurance etc. to be ensured by the contractor. Also, safety measures prescribed for working

                               5 / 7



 

in Extra High Voltage & use of personnel protective equipment must be adhered to.
2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

13.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

14.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 4 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

                               6 / 7



 

15.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

16.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

