












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713789
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Rural Development Department

Organisation Name Zilla Parishad Sangli

Office Name Panchayat Samiti Kavathe Mahankal

Total Quantity 20

Item Category waste containers or rigid liners- Dust bin or Garbage Bin or
Household Bin ( PAC Only ) 

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the

                               1 / 4



 

bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Waste Containers Or Rigid Liners- Dust Bin Or Garbage Bin Or Household Bin ( 20
pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make meerasteelfarbicationandfibers

Model garbagebin120ltrscapacitywithwheel

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Utility Public (Mobile containers
confirming IS: 12402)

Public (Mobile containers
confirming IS: 12402)

ISI Marked No No

CM/L No (If ISI Marked Yes)
(If No write NA)

NA *

Class confirming to IS:12402
(For Public Dustbins)

NA *

Material HDPE HDPE

CAPACITY Bin Capacity (Volume)
(Ltrs)

120 Litres (as per IS: 12402
Pt1 and 2

120 Litres (as per IS: 12402
Pt1 and 2

DIMENSIONS Wheel Dimension in (mm)
(Diameter x Thickness )
(mm x mm)

200 *

Weight of Dustbin
(Complete unit) (Grams)

8500 *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Colour green *

Wheel Lock Without *

Load carrying Capacity
(Kgs)

60 *

Wall Non- Perforated Non- Perforated

Lid hindged hindged

Handle With *

Wheel With With

Wheel Material Hard Rubber *

Towage Provision yes yes

Gripping Provision Frontal *

Plugged outlet for washing
& draining

Without *

UV Resistant yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/i4G2lE4jEsXQKBCxvOiN9sPYF5uFMazeR8-7e6VhlH8


 

Dust Bin stand without *

No. of Compartments in
the Bin

single single

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Test Reports
from Central
Government/NABL/IL AC
acredited Lab to prove
conformity to the
specifications

yes *

Test report number DMLS/201920/812/1327 *

Test report date 26-04-2019 *

Name and address of lab Delta Lab Sangli *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manisha Janardhan
Desai

416403,GRAMSEVAK
Grampanchayat Dhalgaon

20  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar

proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.
2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
6.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

7.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

                               3 / 4



 

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

12.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

14.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): SSI.

15.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

16.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

