












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/701668

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Energy Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (uppcl)

Office Name Shakti Bhawan

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Email security software / appliances transaction
security and virus protection software

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  30 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  395 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 198481

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 36

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Accounts Officer
Central Payment Cell, Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) , Lucknow
(Accounts Officer Central Payment Cell)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Email Security Software / Appliances Transaction Security And Virus
Protection Software ( 2 pieces )

                               2 / 6



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

BASIC INFORMATION
OF E-MAIL SECURITY
SOFTWARE (GOLDEN)

Category Appliance Appliance

Software Type/
Domain

Secure Mail Gateway Secure Mail Gateway

Type of license Subscription Subscription

Name of Software - *

OEM Model / Part No. - *

Software Description - *

Software Version - *

Date of Launch of
Version

- *

FEATURES &
FUNCTIONALITY
PARAMETERS
(GOLDEN)

E-Mail
Authentication
Technology
Supported

Sender Policy
Framework (SPF)

Sender Policy
Framework (SPF)

Digital signature
feature

Yes Yes

Encryption feature Yes Yes

Data Leakage
Protection / Data
Loss Prevention
capability

Yes Yes

Sandboxing
capability

Yes Yes

Threat Intelligence
capability

Yes Yes

E-Mail
Authentication
capability

Yes Yes

Deployment options On-Premises (Client
Server)

On-Premises (Client
Server)

Installation and
Demonstration

Yes Yes

No. of days Training
Provided at Site
(Days)

0 0

Number of Years
upto which Support
is available from
OEM / Franchise
online (Years)

3 3

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/HM98Bh51XGIyVEqAIOpMcIFZ9CdfamBvdH24Xcqzr_s


 

Maximum user
handling capability
(Users)

Above 10000 Above 10000

FEATURES &
FUNCTIONALITY
PARAMETERS
(GENERIC)

Anti-spam feature Yes *

Anti-malware feature Yes *

Anti-phishing feature Yes *

Anti-Ransomware
feature

Yes *

Anti-Bulk mail feature No *

Content filtering
feature

Yes *

SUPPORTED
HARDWARE
REQUIREMENT
PARAMETERS

Hard Disk Space
Required

- *

RAM Size required - *

CPU required - *

Other specifications, if
any

- *

Operating Systems
supported (Driver)

- *

Supported Devices - *

Supported Servers - *

Min Processor bench
mark score required

- *

GENERIC PARAMETERS
OF E-MAIL SECURITY
SOFTWARE

Free Upgradation to
Higher Version
within support
period

YES YES

Concurrent user
handling capability

- *

Valid Licence copy to
be provided

YES *

Software supplied
through

Media & URL Link *

Certifications /
Benchmarking of
Software Products

- *

List of items included in
the package

- *

Hyper link to Data
sheet

- *

No of Software sold 1500 *

Number of User
Reference no 1 with in
Government
Department email,

2 *

                               4 / 6



 

phone no Of concerned
authority where
Appliance/ Software
installed

Details of Government
Department email,
phone no Of concerned
authority where
Appliance/ Software
installed for above

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anshuman Upreti 226001,14 Ashok Marg,
Shakti Bhawan Lucknow

2  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Accounts
Officer Central Payment Cell UPPCL payable at Lucknow.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of

                               5 / 6



 

CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.
7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have

Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.
9.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

10.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Accounts Officer Central Payment Cell UPPCL Lucknow A/C (Name of the Seller). The
bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Accounts Officer, Central Payment Cell, UPPCL, Lucknow Account No. 
10101987510 IFSC Code SBIN0003347 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address 14,
Ashok Marg, Hazratganj, Lucknow.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Accounts Officer Central
Payment Cell UPPCL  payable at Lucknow.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Accounts Officer Central Payment Cell UPPCL payable at Lucknow. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

