












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697187

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Manipur

Department Name Health Services Department Manipur

Organisation Name National Rural Health Mission (nrhm)

Office Name Lamphelpat

Total Quantity 9

Item Category Semi Automatic Bio Chemistry Analyser

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Semi Automatic Bio Chemistry Analyser ( 9 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Configuration &
Physical Characteristics

Usage: The equipment; Semi
automatic bio
chemistry analyser is
used for measurements
of bio-chemistry tests,
using wet chemistry
reagent(s) and have
ability to use external

*

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/0y6PhX4j7r7KfMv2J4HCq71Pind1LlzfmWNTK2skyk4


 

cuvettes and
integrated flow cell.
Semi automated Bio
Chemistry Analyser is
with built in software
for the calculation and
curve plotting .

User Interface: LCD display with Touch
Key board

LCD display with Touch
Key board

Flow cell type: Permanent flow cell Permanent flow cell

Light Source: Halogen Lamp *

Wavelength
Selection &
Measurement range
(wavelengths):

Automatic
(wavelength) selection
facility with 6 position
filter wheel (with all six
filters in position),
covers standard
wavelengths in the
range of 340 to 630 nm

Automatic
(wavelength) selection
facility with 6 position
filter wheel (with all six
filters in position),
covers standard
wavelengths in the
range of 340 to 630
nm, Automatic
(wavelength) selection
facility with 8 position
filter wheel (with all
filters in position),
covers standard
wavelengths in the
range of 340 to 700 nm
6 fixed and 2 free
positions, Automatic
Wavelength selection
facility with 6 position
static photometer
covers standard
wavelength in the
range of 340 to 630
nm, Automatic
Wavelength selection
facility with 8 position
static photometer
covers standard
wavelength in the
range of 340 to 700 nm
6 fixed and 2 free
positions Or higher

Absorbance range: 0 to 3 unit 0 to 3 unit Or higher

Analyzer resolution: 0.0001 absorbance unit
or better

*

Measurement range
(temperature):

25, 30, 37 degree
Celsius with 1 degree
increment, Peltier

*

Memory for storing test
results, sufficient for:

>= 200 test results
and 5000 patient
results

*

                               3 / 8



 

Heat Dissipation ability: Analyser shall maintain
nominal temperature,
with suitable heat
dissipation/ cooling
mechanism.

*

Installation Type: Stationary installation
in laboratory

*

Number of
programmable
Channels for
chemistries:

>= 200 >= 200 Or higher

Assay /Calculation
types available in
analyser:

End point with factor or
standard,Fixed time
with factor or
standard,Kinetic;
Enzyme kinetics with
factor or standard,Abso
rbance,Sample
blanking,Differential
mode with factor or
standard

End point with factor or
standard, Fixed time
with factor or standard,
Kinetic; Enzyme
kinetics with factor or
standard, Absorbance,
Sample blanking,
Differential mode with
factor or standard

Calibration Types
available:

Linear factor,Multi
point,Point to point,Log-
Logit,Spline,1- point
calibration,2-point
calibration,Polygonal
multi standard
(Calibration Curve )

Linear factor, Multi
point, Point to point,
Log-Logit, Spline, 1-
point calibration,
2-point calibration,
Polygonal multi
standard (Calibration
Curve )

3 levels control
facility with day to
day Levy-Jennings
curve stored and
displayed, available:

No No

Sample incubator
facility available:

No No

Flow Cell Flow cell material Quartz Quartz

Flow Cell
Volume(minimum):

- *

Flow Cell Optical Path: 10 mm *

Aspiration Volume - *

ENERGY SOURCE Power Source: Compatible with
electric power from by
220V-240V 50Hz
(+/-10%) AC source

*

Power Back up with
provision of UPS (with
maintenance fee
batteries) for each
equipment unit:

At least 30 minutes
power back up

*

                               4 / 8



 

CONSUMABLES Equipment is
suitable for use of
consumables under:

Open System Open System Or higher

ACCESSORIES Accessories to be
supplied with each unit
of Analyser equipment
:

Micro pipettes (5 No.) -
2 variable (5-50 ),
(100-1000) , Small
Tips- 500 nos. & Large
Tips- 500 nos.

*

OPERATING
CONDITIONS

Operating & Storage
Conditions:

Equipment is suitable
for storage and capable
of operating
continuously in
ambient room
temperature of 8
degree C to 37 degree
C and relative humidity
of 15 to 90% in ideal
circumstances.

*

Parts of the Device that
are designed to come
into contact with the
patient or the operator
should either be
capable of easy
disinfection or be
protected by a single
use/disposable cover:

Yes *

PRINTER AND COMPUT
ER/LABORATORY
INTERFACE

Printer facility: Yes, In-built Thermal
Printer

*

Computer interface: By RS232
port/USB/HDMI port
facility

*

Lab Interface system
(LIS) compatible viz
analyser equipment
preloaded with
Software needed for
lab interface:

No No

Quality Certifications &
Warranty

Certification available
for the product:

- *

Equipment shall
meet internationally
recognised for
Electromagnetic
Compatibility (EMC)
for electro medical
equipment: 61326-1
and certified to be
compliant with IEC
61010-1, IEC
61010-2-281

Yes Yes

Equipment - Yes

                               5 / 8



 

Manufacturer have
ISO 13485
certification for
quality standards:

Warranty Period: 3 year 3 year, 5 year Or
higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pungsumbam
Ibomcha Singh

795004,Medical Directorate,
Lamphelpat, Imphal

9  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase

                               6 / 8



 

preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

6. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 4 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

                               7 / 8



 

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 10.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

