












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/685137

  Dated: 24-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 09-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-09 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Environment Forest And Climate Change

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Indian Council Of Forestry Research And Education
(icfre)

Office Name Institute Of Forest Productivity

Total Quantity 1

Item Category SPECTROPHOTOMETER

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 6



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

SPECTROPHOTOMETER ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

LIGHT SOURCE Light Source Xenon Flash Xenon Flash

Diffraction Grating
(lines/mm)

1000 1000

Switching of Light
Source

Automatic Automatic

Wavelength Setting
And Scanning

Automatic Automatic

TYPE Type of
Spectrophotometer

UV - VISIBLE UV - VISIBLE

Type of Optical
System

Double Beam Double Beam

Monochromator
Type

NA NA

Detector Type Photodiode Photodiode

Spectral Bandwidth
Type

Variable Bandwidth Variable Bandwidth

OPTICAL
PERFORMANCE

Source Wavelength -
Minimum

200 200.0

Source Wavelength -
Maximum

1000 1000, 1100, 1500,
2000, 2500, 2700,
3000, 3200, 3300,
1650 Or higher

Resolution 0.002 0.002

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2Pc-WpNHda7kc7udkddUbBjK3kt4AM5VVpw98weg1-A


 

Wavelength
Accuracy (+/-)

0.1 0.1

Bandwidth (nm) 2.0 2.0

If variable band width,
Specify the incremental
step value(mm)

0.1 *

Scanning Speed
(nm/min)

50 *

Focal length (mm) 0 to 49 0 to 49

Photometric
measurement modes

Absorbance Absorbance

Photometric
Absorbance (Max)
(Abs) (+/-)

3 3

Photometric
Absorbance
Accuracy (Max) (+/-)

0.001 0.001 - 0.001 Or lower

Photometric
Transmittance (Max)
(+/-)

100 100.0

Photometric
Transmittance
Accuracy (Max) (+/-)

0.5 0.0 - 0.5 Or lower

Photometric
Reflectance (Max)
(+/-)

100 100.0

Photometric
Reflectance Accuracy
(Max) (+/-)

0.5 *

Stray Light Correction Automatic *

Baseline Correction Automatic *

GENERIC Display In-built display In-built display

Display type LCD touchscreen LCD touchscreen

Display Size 7 7.0 - 30.0 Or higher

Test result printing Through external
printer

Through external
printer

If inbuilt printer,
Type of printer

Thermal printer Thermal printer

Suitable software for
connecting PC & Printer

Yes *

Connectivity WIFI *

Internal storage(GB) 32 32.0 - 80.0 Or higher

Sample
switching/selection

Automatic *

Capacity of Sample 1 *

                               3 / 6



 

holder / Sample
Carousel

Mximum Path Length
of sample

10 10.0

Number of Cuvettes
supplied-inclusive in
the scope of supply

10 10

Power Supply 230 V ± 10, 50 Hz *

Any other
features/accesories
covered in scope of
supply

- *

Spares and
Consumables
inclusive in the
scope of supply

Yes Yes

List of Items and
Quantity of each item
included in the offer

- *

OPERATING
CONDITIONS

Minimum Operating
Temperature

10 10.0

Maximum Operating
Temperature

35 35.0

Operating Humidity
(RH) (%) at 40
degree C

95 95.0

WARRANTY Onsite Warranty 1 1.0

Availability of
Spares (at extra
cost)

10 10.0

Certification Availability of UL/CE
Certification as per
EN 61010-1:2010
Safety requirements
for electrical
equipment for
measurement,
control, and
laboratory use
General
requirements

Yes Yes

Conformance to
EMC/EMI as per EN
61326-1:2013
Electrical equipment
for measurement,
control and
laboratory use

Yes Yes

Availability of Test
Reports from Central

Yes Yes

                               4 / 6



 

Govt / NABL
approved / ILAC
acredited lab to
prove conformity to
the specification

If yes test report to
furnished,to the buyer
on demand

Yes *

Test Report number
and date

- *

Name and address of
the Lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ravinder Raj Lall 835303,"ARANYODAYA",
RANCHI-GUMLA NH-23,
LALGUTWA, RANCHI,
JHARKHAND

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the

                               5 / 6



 

statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

