












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/45152

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 24-07-2020 16:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 16:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name North Western Railway

Total Quantity 9497

Item Category Safety Footwear - BIS Specification

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 178544

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
PFA
North Western Railway, Jaipur-302017
(Facao/nwr/jp)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

Safety Footwear - BIS Specification ( 9497 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical
Specification of the
Product

Personal Protective
Equipment - Safety
Footwear as per BIS
specification No IS
15298 ( Part 2 ): 2016,
Latest

Personal Protective
Equipment - Safety
Footwear as per BIS
specification No IS
15298 ( Part 2 ): 2016,
Latest

Specification has been
seen and Understood

Yes *

CERTIFICATION BIS Certification Yes Yes

CM/ L No if BIS marked - *

UTILITY Utility Men Men

CLASSIFICATION Classification Class I ( Footwear
made from leather and
other materials,
excluding all-rubber or
all-polymeric footwear )

Class I ( Footwear
made from leather and
other materials,
excluding all-rubber or
all-polymeric footwear )

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/eSKb_sHG_v_KKuaiCj1TXuPSw14g_9jyyF76imTEAeY


 

DESIGN Design A ( Low shoe ) A ( Low shoe )

PATTERN Pattern Derby *

SIZE Size Assorted sizes (5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13)
as per buyer's
requirements

Assorted sizes (5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13)
as per buyer's
requirements

MASS Mass of one pair of
Footwear ( gram )

- *

Material Upper for Class 1
Footwear

Leather Leather

Surface Finish of
Upper Leather for
Class 1 Footwear

Buff Barton Print Buff Barton Print

Material for Class II
Footwear

Not applicable Not applicable

Any other Polymeric
Material for Class II
Footwear

- *

Vamp Lining With ( Classification I
and Classification II
Footwear )

With ( Classification I
and Classification II
Footwear )

Vamp Lining
Material

Textile Textile

Quarter Lining Yes Yes

Quarter Lining
Material

Textile Textile

Toe Cap ( Steel ) Metallic ( Steel ) Metallic

COLOUR Colour Black *

Any other Colour as per
buyer's requirements

- *

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Insole Yes Yes

Insocks Full Insocks Removable
and water permeable

Full Insocks Removable
and water permeable

Tongue ( For
Designation I
Footwear )

Full Bellow Tongue Full Bellow Tongue

Collar Collar with PU Foam
padding, 15 mm thick,
density 40 kg per cubic
meter

Collar with PU Foam
padding, 15 mm thick,
density 40 kg per cubic
meter

LACING/ CLOSING OF
SHOES

Closing ( Tieing ) Laces Laces

Lacing of Shoes Eyelets Eyelets

Eyelets ( Pairs ) 4 pairs 4 pairs

Material of Eyelets Brass Eyelets Brass Eyelets

Laces Nylon *

                               3 / 7



 

Cross Section Shape of
Laces

Round *

Breaking Load of Laces
( min )

600 N *

Length of Laces 90 cm *

SOLE Sole Description/
Material

Direct Moulded Double
Density Polyurethane

Direct Moulded Double
Density Polyurethane

If Any Other Material of
Sole

- *

Sole Design Cleated Cleated

Construction Multi layer Multi layer

SLIP RESISTANT Slip Resistant As per clause 5.3.5.2 of
IS 15298 ( Part 2 )- Slip
resistance on ceramic
tile floor with sodium
lauryl sulphate (NaLS)
solution

As per clause 5.3.5.2 of
IS 15298 ( Part 2 )- Slip
resistance on ceramic
tile floor with sodium
lauryl sulphate (NaLS)
solution

ADDITIONAL
REQUIREMENTS FOR
SPECIAL APPLICATIONS-
WHOLE FOOTWEAR

Additional
Requirements for
Special Applications-
Whole Footwear

Penetration Resistance
( Metallic anti-
penetration insert
),Anti-static Footwear

Anti-static Footwear,
Penetration Resistance
( Metallic anti-
penetration insert )

ADDITIONAL
REQUIREMENTS FOR
SPECIAL APPLICATIONS
( UPPER )

Water penetration
and absorption

Yes Yes

ADDITIONAL
REQUIREMENTS FOR
SPECIAL APPLICATIONS
( OUTSOLE )

Additional
Requirements for
Special Applications-
Outsole

Resistance to hot
contact,Resistance to
fuel oil

Resistance to hot
contact, Resistance to
fuel oil

LOGO AND MARKING Logo/ Totem/
Emblem Marking

As per buyer's
requirements

As per buyer's
requirements

Size, design, Type and
Location of Logo as per
buyer's requirement

- *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from
Designated AHSP/
NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

                               4 / 7



 

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajendra Solanki 342001,General Stores
Depot, Near Railway
Workshop, Ratanada,
Jodhpur

2406  60 N/A

2 Shailesh Mathur 305001,Diesel, Loco and
Wagon Workshop, NWR,
Ajmer

5237  60 N/A

3 Sudhir Kumar
Sharma

307026,Diesel Shed, North
Western Railway, Aburoad

540  60 N/A

4 Prahlad Narayan
Sharma

334004,Office of
SMM/Depot, Near Railway
Workshop, Lalgarh,

794  60 N/A

5 Manoj Kumar Garg 342005,New Power House
Road, Diesel Shed

520  60 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of

                               5 / 7



 

purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

4.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Consignee

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

7.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 3
samples for Buyer's approval, within 15 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

8.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the

                               6 / 7



 

currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

