












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707768

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Civil Aviation

Department Name Airports Authority Of India (aai)

Organisation Name Airports Authority Of India

Office Name Airports Authority Of India , Nscbi Airport

Total Quantity 1800

Item Category hospital biohazard bags or bio medical waste
collection bags

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  40 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 40% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hospital Biohazard Bags Or Bio Medical Waste Collection Bags ( 1800
kilogram )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

DIMENSIONS Length of the Bag 1016 1016.0

Width of the Bag 813 813.0

MATERIAL Material of the Bio
Medical Waste
Collection Bags

Bio-Degradable Plastic
conforming to ASTM D
6954

Bio-Degradable Plastic
conforming to ASTM D
6954

Virgin plastic Yes *

Bio- Degradable Yes *

Thickness of the plastic
sheet ( min )

50 *

Uniform Density
without defects like
tears, holes or weak
areas

Yes *

Puncture Resistant Yes *

CERTIFICATION ISI Marked Not applicable for
material conforming to
ASTM specification

*

CML. No. - *

Firm registered under
Pollution Control Board
as Manufacturer of
Biodegradable Bags

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/hh4ZdTukoSCFx8VrILPqH-4kuucDBmAG8LelYa_XM4w


 

COLOUR Colour Yellow (Non
Chlorinated,
Incinerable/ Deep
Buriable)

Yellow (Non
Chlorinated,
Incinerable/ Deep
Buriable)

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Number of Bags per Kg - *

Double Seam secured
edges

Yes *

Leak proof Yes *

Maximum weight
withstanding
capacity of the Bag
(Kg)

25 25.0

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Parthasarathy
Selvaraj

700052,AIRPORTS
AUTHORITY OF INDIA ,
NSCBI AIRPORT , KOLKATA

1800  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in

Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as

                               3 / 4



 

amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

3.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 20.07.2020.

4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

5.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

