












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713935
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Urban Development Department

Organisation Name Directorate Of Municipal Administration

Office Name Municipal Council Khamgaon

Total Quantity 30

Item Category Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser ( 30 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/LggKSPUivntqytqWGhBpfqXI3c3knGRh1E0ojxQjaw0


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

*

Type of Dispensing Spray Spray

Mounting Type Wall Mounted Wall Mounted

DESIGN Features available in
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

Built-in sensor for detection
of hand,Waterproof,Battery
cum Electric
Operated,On/Off button,Anti-
Interference,Electric
Adapter,Liquid filling
arrangement,Battery
Operated

Built-in sensor for detection
of hand, Waterproof,
Battery Operated, Battery
cum Electric Operated, Anti-
Interference, On/Off button,
Electric Adapter, Liquid
filling arrangement

Sensing Range 0 - 4 inch *

Rated voltage 230V-50 Hz 230V-50 Hz

MATERIAL Body Material of
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

ABS Plastic ABS Plastic

DIMENSION Sanitizer Container
Capacity (in ml)

7001-8000 7001-8000

Dispensing Sanitizer Volume
in One Use(in ml)

3 *

COLOUR Colour White *

Warranty Warranty 1 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dagdu Trambak
Thorwe

444303,Near Bus Stand
Khamgaon

30  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25

percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not

                               2 / 3



 

conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 4
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

