












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714564
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name 59 Bn Bsf

Total Quantity 500

Item Category mosquito repellant cream spray and lotion

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  20501

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Mosquito Repellant Cream Spray And Lotion ( 500 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Product is registered under
the Drug and Cosmetic

YES *

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/XJJdTlC0dd2JowMS9ILDeRSPuAfwn3ID0seFjN0Ahx0


 

Rules, 1945

Certificate Number - *

Certificate Date - *

Drug Licence to
Manufacture for sale

YES *

Drug licence Number - *

Drug licence Date - *

The product is approved
from Drugs Controller
General (India)

YES *

Approval Letter Number - *

Approval Letter Date - *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt./State Govt/NABL/IL
AC accredited Lab

YES YES, No

Test report to be furnished
to the buyer on demand

YES *

Test Report Number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Material Chemical 20 % (w/w) Di Ethyl Phenyl
Acetamide (DEPA)

20 % (w/w) Di Ethyl Phenyl
Acetamide (DEPA), 20 %
(V/V) Di Ethyl Phenyl
Acetamide (DEPA), 12 %
(W/W) N,N Diaethyl
Benzamide

Type Type Cream Cream

Packing Size Packing Size (type gram
(unit) for cream and ml
(unit) for spray and
lotion)

50 gm 50g, 50gm

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rahul Deo Tripathi 181124,SHQ RAJOURI REAR, NEAR
PNB BANK, PALOURA CAMP BSF
JAMMU

500  20

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

                               2 / 4



 

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by Government
buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor should work out input credit for that
GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total amount of new
goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding GST. This is because GST charged
by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC (input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for
the purpose of quoting in the bid and evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back)
as indicated in column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh Good
(A)

%age of
GST on

Fresh Good
as

considered
by seller at
the time of
quote (B).

GST
Amount on
Fresh Good

(C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)

as fixed by
buyer in
the bid

GST
Amount on
Buyback

item (F) as
applicable
at the time
of invoice
by buyer

Quote of
the Bidder (
G={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not alter their quoted price
indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well as buy back items
separately after award of contract through email to the government buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item with GST to the buyer
for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller itself without any extra
cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the seller at the cost of
buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of order. This in no case will modify the bid
in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting the environment in
any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the corrigendum with minimum
price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing to take back the
old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less than the minimum
price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government buyer/consignee at
the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods. Seller will be entitled for payment only
after removal of old goods from Government buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh
goods in terms of contract.

                               3 / 4



 

15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU working through their
ERP and not integrated with GPA.

4.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

5.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can
form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

6.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

7.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

8.PESCO Certificate: PESCO Certificate shall be mandatory for procurement of bid items.
9.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of Servers/Desktop

Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier against warranty replacement.
10.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local

suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

12.Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement by some foreign
governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not allowed to participate in this bid in
terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017

13.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

14.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

15.For hazardous chemical/item, all precautionary measure as per regulation from the point of transportation/
handling/ storage/ safety/ health/ environment to be undertaken/ specified before dispatch. During dispatch,
proper symbol for the hazard/ MSDS/ Batch No./ date of manufacturing/ Gross Weight/ Net Weight/ shelf Life etc
are to be written/ printed/ pasted on the body of the packing.

16.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
17.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
18.SLBR52
19.SLBR52
20.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

21.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

