












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703275

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Heavy Industries And Public Enterprises

Department Name Department Of Heavy Industry

Organisation Name Hindustan Salts Limited

Office Name Jaipur

Total Quantity 10

Item Category digital signature certificate

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Digital Signature Certificate ( 10 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               1 / 4



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Certificate type Signature and
Encryption

Signature and
Encryption

Class Class 2 Class 2

Validity (Year) 3 3

Certificate Encryption SHA 2 *

Data encryption bits as
per latest procedure of
CCA (Bits)

- *

USB Crypto Token
(FIPS certified as per
IT act)

Yes Yes

Type of USB Crypto
Token

Auto Run with Built in
Drivers

*

Replacement Warranty
of USB Crypto Token
including remote
places (Year)

- *

One time registration
for e-sign

No *

Authentication
acceptable method

Paperless
(Aadhaar+OTP) /
Paperless (Aadhar +
Biometric / IRIS) /
Physical Document

*

Acceptance of user
verification through the
authorized signatory of
the concern Govt Office

Yes *

Interoperability
Guidelines from CCA
which shall be
governed by the IT Act
of 2000, regarding use
of Certificate

Yes *

Helpline facility to be
made available during
office hours &#x28;9
AM to 6 PM&#x29; for
no extra charges

Yes *

E-mail id for
communication

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/XqmpsGvYL88kpn2bcRstgcv_6No1dEb8LUbpjzmeZeg


 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shailendra
Bhushan

302022,Hindustan Salts
Limited, G-229, Sitapura
Industrial Area, Tonk Road

10  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 3 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

2.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

3. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

6.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given

                               3 / 4



 

opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

9.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

11.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

