












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703803

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Gujarat Medical Services Corporation Limited (gmscl)

Office Name Gmscl

Total Quantity 444

Item Category sterilizer shallow dressing drum

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 4



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Sterilizer Shallow Dressing Drum ( 444 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

CONFIGURATION Sterilizer, Shallow
(Dressing Drum)
conforming to IS:
3831-1979

yes *

Shape Cylirical *

Material of Body, Lid
&amp; Belt and hasp

Stainless steel *

Diameter & Height
of Sterilizer
(Diameter in mm x
Height in mm)

350 mm x 240 mm 350 mm x 240 mm

Finish of Stainless Steel
As Per IS:6911-1972

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/viwH8DeVHzeYjNUeoIq1uNMvb-p5JRfMUiqSUgZ_1ek


 

Designation of
Stainless Steel:
04Ce18Ni10 To
IS:6911-1992 for body,
lid, belt and Hasp,
07Ce18Ni9 To
IS:6911-1972 for hinge
wire, handle, chain and
clamp

Yes *

CERTIFICATION Avaliability Of Test
Report Fron Govt/
NABL / ILAC
Laboratory To Prove
Conforming To
Specification

Yes Yes

Test report No. and
date

- *

Product is ISI Marked Yes *

CM/L Number - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shah Pranay
Kantilal

380016,Asarwa civil
hospital,Ahmedabad

120  15

2 DrDipakM Solanki 390021,GMERS Medical
College,Gotri-Vadodara

12  15

3 Dr Ganesh
Govekar

395001,New Civil Hospital
Campus, Majura Gate, Surat

300  15

4 Manish Mehta 360001,PDU Medical College
and hospital Rajkot

12  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves

                               3 / 4



 

the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

