












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715247
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Urban Development And Urban Housing Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Nagarpalika

Office Name Prantij Nagarpalika

Total Quantity 15

Item Category cleaning or janitorial cart

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or

                               1 / 5



 

through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Cleaning Or Janitorial Cart ( 15 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Frame Details Frame Structure Made of MS Angle of Size
25x25x3 mm with 4 Nos
horizontal at the top, 4 Nos
horizontal at the bottom, 4
Nos verticle at corners and
2 nos verticle on sides

*

Length of Frame Structure
(mm)

800 *

Width of Frame Structure
(mm)

700 *

Height of Frame Structure
(mm)

250 *

Front Side Details Axle Diameter (Front)
(mm)

25 20, 25

Ball Bearing System on
Front Wheels

Double Ball Bearing Single Ball Bearing, Double
Ball Bearing

Nos of wheels on front side
(Nos)

2 *

Diameter of front side wheel
(mm)

300 *

Width of front side wheel
(mm)

50 *

Rear Side Details Ball Bearing System on
Rear Wheel

Double Ball Bearing Single Ball Bearing, Double
Ball Bearing

Nos of wheels on Rear
side (Nos)

1 2, 1

Diameter of Rear side
wheels (mm)

200 *

Width of Rear side wheels
(mm)

50 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/qUdb-0wZhYc5IXzLFt-twkPLqhf2N7nPzz9D15Syi8g


 

Swing of Rear Wheels 360 degree Swing on the
shaft

*

Diameter of Shaft Shaft Diameter (mm) 25 20, 25

Type and Material Type of Tyre of Front and
Rear Wheel

Solid Rubber *

Material of Front and
Rear Wheel

Virgin Nylon Virgin Nylon, Mild Steel

Stiffener Material M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

*

Handle Material of the
handcart

M S Pipe of diameter 30 mm
and thickness 1.6 mm

*

Material of Handle of
container

M S STEEL Any applicable text(s)

Platform Details Platform Material of cart Mild Steel *

Thickness of Sheet of
Platform (mm)

3 *

Construction of Platform Having 12 mm diameter
holes at a distance of 200
mm square matrix

*

Lengthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Platform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

1 *

Width wise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Platform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

3 *

Dimension of Handle Length of handle of the
hand cart (mm)

700 Any applicable numeric
value

Width of handle of
handcart (mm)

570 Any applicable numeric
value

Height of handle of
handcart from the
ground (mm)

890 Any applicable numeric
value

Painting Details Pretreatment Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

*

Paint Ennamel Paint Powder coated, Ennamel
Paint

Colour of Paint - *

Container Details Number of Plastic
Containers each with lid and
handle in each cart (Nos)

4 *

Minimum Capacity of the
each Container (Litres)

30 *

Material of the Plastic
Container and Lid

Virgin HDPE Virgin HDPE, Virgin
Polypropylene

Minimum Wall thickness of
the Plastic Container (mm)

4 *

Maximum Ash content of
the container and Lid when
tested as per Annex D of IS
14887/2014 (%)

1 *

Colour of the Container - *

                               3 / 5



 

Loading Capacity Loading Capacity of the
Handcart (Kg)

300 Any applicable numeric
value

Manufacturing Details Manufacturers Name
Marked on tha cart

Yes *

Year of Manufacture Marked
on the cart

Yes *

Manufactures Drawing
Number

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Jatinkumar
Hasmukhbhai Joshi

383205,Prantij Nagarpalika Oppo.
State Bank Of India

15  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

10.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

11.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the

                               4 / 5



 

Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

12.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

