












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703764

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Stores Ncr Hq

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Steel Mobile Barricade

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 7



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Steel Mobile Barricade ( 100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Item Item Mobile Barricade large
size 2440x1220x535
mm with +/- 5 mm
tolerance

*

Shape and Structure of
Mobile Barricade

Generally As per
General Arrangement
Drawing(2 No.)

*

MATERIAL
SPECIFICATION

Main structure frame
made from

Made of ISI Marked MS
Pipe, Light Category of
NB 40 MM and
thickness 2.9 mm
conforming to IS
1239(Part I); Latest
having 3 nos supports
on Base and Top and 2
nos supports on each
side

*

CRC Steel sheet
conforming to

ISI marked CRC sheet
conforming to IS 513-
Latest fitted in the M S
Angles and supported
by MS Flat from back
side in the centre.

*

MS Angle
conforming to

Grade E 250 of IS 2062-
latest

Grade E 250 of IS 2062-
latest

STRUCTURE AND
DESIGN

Corner shape of
structure of Mobile
Barricade

Pointed Pointed

Central pannel with
CRC Steel Sheet fitted
in the MS Angles and
supported by MS Flat
from back side in the
centre

Yes *

Hut shape Canopy Yes Yes

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/aUI-SJhpNkjOa3Za4FjJTkz-8RExCRvJSS3zejP3hmk


 

Provided On
Structure

Detail of Hut
Structure

Two Rectangular frame
made from angle
section suitable to
cover top of mobile
barricade structure and
welded in V shape with
3 no. of vertical support
in the both frame
meshing with wire
mesh of square 35 x 35
mm made from MS
wire of diameter 5mm

Two Rectangular frame
made from angle
section suitable to
cover top of mobile
barricade structure and
welded in V shape with
3 no. of vertical support
in the both frame
meshing with wire
mesh of square 35 x 35
mm made from MS
wire of diameter 5mm

Size of MS Angle in Hut
Structure

25X25X3mm *

Wire mesh fabricated
above and below CRC
Steel Sheet pannel

Wire Mesh of square
size 35X35 mm made
from MS wire of
diameter 5mm
fabricated in the MS
Angle frame and
supported by MS Flat
all around with three
vertical supports

*

Handle at sides Yes Yes

No Of Wheel Provided 4 *

Type Of Wheel Mild Steel Mild Steel

Locking
arrangement in the
wheel

Yes Yes

Movable dual lever
of MS Flat on one
side of mobile
barricade for inter
connecting with the
other mobile
barricade

Yes Yes

Reflector on mobile
barricade on both side

Yes *

No of Reflector on
Mobile Barricade

18 Reflector Triangle
Size: 8 each on front &
back side and 01 each
on both sides

*

Shape Of Reflector Triangular *

Minimum area of
individual reflector

>30 cm² *

Minimum Cross section
Size of Axle

25mm X 25mm *

Minimum No of 3 *

                               3 / 7



 

intermediate MS Flat
vertical Support at
back of CRC Steel
Sheet

Minimum No of inter
connected pipe
between two steel
round pipe rectangular
structure

10 *

Full welding(No
crimping of edges)

Yes *

DIMENSION Length of Mobile
Barricade Structure

2440 ± 5 2440 ± 5

Height of Mobile
Barricade Structure
except Canopy

1220 ± 5 1220 ± 5

Width of Mobile
Barricade Structure

535 ± 5 535 ± 5

Length of Axle(in
mm)

701-750 701-750

Diameter of MS Round
Pipe in mobile
barricade rectangular
structure(in mm)

40 *

Thickness of MS Round
Pipe in mobile
barricade rectangular
structure(in mm)

2.9 *

Length Of CRC Steel
Sheet at centre

2338 ± 5 MM *

Width Of CRC Steel
Sheet at centre

454 ± 5 MM 454 ± 5

Minimum Diameter of
wheel

160 *

Minimum Thickness of
CRC(in mm)

1.6 MM *

Minimum Size of back
side support of MS Flat
in the CRC Sheet

20 X 5mm *

Length of Hut
Canopy

2401-2450 2401-2450

Minimum Vertical
Height of Hut Canopy

270 ± 10 MM *

Minimum Diameter of
connected MS Pipe
between Rectangular
Steel Structure

40 *

Thickness of Connected 2.0 *

                               4 / 7



 

MS Pipe between
Rectangular Steel
Structure

Marking Display marking on
CRC Sheet

As per buyer details *

Colour Colour of mobile
barricade

Yellow Yellow

Finish Finish Surface treated for rust
removal before
applying red oxide and
then two coats of
colour enamel paint

*

Advance Sample Agree to provide
advance sample(s) for
buyer's approval before
commencement of
supply(Hint: Application
in case of orders placed
against bid and not
applicable in case of
Direct Buying)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

GeM/DGsnd Drawing
document

View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SURYA PRAKASH
SINGH

211001,Office of Sr.DSC/RPF
/ALD DRM office compound
Allahabad

100  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): PRE-DISPATCH INSPECTION BY M/s RITES LTD
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: INSPECTION OF TEST

                               5 / 7

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_defe_lawe_crow_stee/51/16/877/CategorySchema/gem_dgsnd_drawing_document/2019/2/22/drg-of-steel-mobile-barricade_2019-02-22-11-57-18_45c6f9dda90b09c90dc7e6d4dbbd94ba.pdf


 

CERTIFICATE & PHYSICAL PERFORMANCE OF PRODUCT.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

6.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

7. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised
Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 0 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being
and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his

                               6 / 7



 

premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .
The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

