












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/691968

  Dated: 30-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 10-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-10 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Revenue And Disaster Management Department
Odisha

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Collector Office Keonjhar

Total Quantity 14

Item Category Dry Erase Writing Boards

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  40 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

                               1 / 5



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 40% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Dry Erase Writing Boards ( 14 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance
Parameters

Purpose of writing
board

Writing Writing, Writing cum
Projection screening

Material of Board Ceramic Steel Ceramic Steel, Ceramic
Steel with Engraving /
Porcelain Enamel Steel
with engraving

Material of Frame Anodized extruded
Aluminium alloy hollow
section of designation
63400 conforming to
IS: 1285

Anodized extruded
Aluminium alloy hollow
section of designation
63400 conforming to
IS: 1285

Material of Back
Cover

Galvanized steel sheets
conforming to IS:277

Galvanized steel sheets
conforming to IS:277

Thickness of Back
Cover

27 *

Thickness and
Material of back
support (conforming
to IS:12406)

11 More than 9.0 Or
higher

Top surface coating
thickness of sheet in

0.13 1.5, 0.13

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2841LRIERAvQ9FpkLetP2QljOzamRBHCUesOAU5kKUE


 

mm

% Gloss at 60
deg.head (min.)

80% for white colour
only

80% for white colour
only

 Surface suitable for
writing with

Dry marker ink for
white board only

Dry marker ink for
white board only

Back surface coating
thickness of sheet
(min)

0.5 More than 0.5 Or
higher

Thickness and
material of top steel
sheet Having
Viterious Enamelled
coating on both side

0.5 More than 0.5 Or
higher

Excellent Erasability
without leaving
impression 

Yes Yes

Dimensional
parameters

Dimensions of the
Board in feet (width
x height )

3 x 4 3 x 4

Dimensions of
Boards in mm x mm
(width x height )

900 X 1200 900 X 1200

Wall thickness of
Anodized Aluminium
Frame (Min) in mm

1.2 1.2

Colour of Board White White

Frame Width in mm 20 20.0

Additional Items

Reports Availability of Type
Test Reports of the
product from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited Lab
showing compliance
to the specification

YES YES, No

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Complete Address of
the Lab

- *

copy of test reports to
be furnished to the
buyer on demand at
the time of supplies
(Applicable if
availability of test
report indicated as YES,
otherwise put NA)

NA *

                               3 / 5



 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shishir Kumar
Sarangi

758001,Collctorate 14  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

5. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given

                               4 / 5



 

to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

