












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/692570

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Western Railway

Total Quantity 44812

Item Category non modular elecrical switches and accessories flush
type

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

Required No

                               1 / 4



 

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Non Modular Elecrical Switches And Accessories Flush Type ( 44812
meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Electrical Accessory
for domestic
&amp;amp; similar
purpose

ISI Marked, 6 A, 1 Way
Piano type Switch to
IS:3854/1997 with
latest amendments

ISI Marked, 6 A, 1 Way
Piano type Switch to
IS:3854/1997 with
latest amendments

Product ISI Marked Yes Yes

Valid BIS License
Number

- *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Shutter with socket NA *

Current carrying part
must be of Brass,
Copper, or any other
superior material

Yes *

Type of Accessories Flush Type *

Body material Polycarbonate
Electrical Grade

*

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/XBKs88fEql3Xs_YdrcC6oRt4xEqH_ToitmEImb24QNw


 

Color as seen from
front (Matching with
other accessories)

White *

Accessories shall be
provided with fixing
screw with each set of
packing

Yes *

Mechanical Strength of
Coaxial Antina Socket,
Telephone Jack and
Indicator as per IS:3854

NA *

FUNCTIONAL Rated Voltage (Volt) 230 VOLT *

Resistance to Abnormal
Heat and Fire of
Coaxial Antina Socket,
Telephone Jack and
Indicator as per IS:3854

NA *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of complete
and satisfactory type
test Report from
Central govt/ NABL/
ILAC accredited
laboratory to prove
conformity to the
specification

Yes *

Name of lab where test
conducted

- *

Test certificate number - *

Test report date - *

Test report to be
submitted to the Buyer
on Demand

Yes *

Marking of
manufacturer name
/Trade mark on
accessories

Yes *

OEM Product Series - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               3 / 4



 

1 Tiwari Satish 380019,Deputy Chief
Material Manager,
Sabarmati, Ahmadabad,
Gujarat.

44812  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before

dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

