












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706500

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name Department Of Higher Education

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Chandigarh

Total Quantity 225

Item Category Auditorium Chair

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 5343

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Assistant Professor
Chandigarh, Department of Higher Education, N/A, Ministry of Human Resource Development
(Manju Dewan)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Auditorium Chair ( 225 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SEAT Type of seat seat with auto tip up
mechanism with push
back feature

*

Seat rest assembly 12mm ±1mm thick flat
plywood moulded with

*

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/kWnmYpxxt5Gq_tNmBhOxywupbj_AYaT-HpSJPEwC0uk


 

polyurethane foam and
upholstered with
3-layer foam laminated
fabric and injection
moulded cover

Seat under structure MS black powder
coated understructure
with integrated auto tip-
up mechanism which
folds the seat when not
in use

*

Fixing of
understructure to
ground

By anchors with washer
and nut

*

seat width ±10mm 410 *

seat depth ±10mm 420mm *

Seat
thickness(including
cushion)±10mm

110mm *

PU foam moulded with
density±2Kg/CuM

50Kg/CuM *

Upholstery fabric 3-layer foam laminated
fabric

*

Shade of Upholstery
fabrics

Red *

GENERIC Mode of Supply of
auditorium chair

Assembled Ready To
Use

*

Type of chair Floor mounted *

BACKREST Type of backrest Flexi back *

Backrest assembly
made up

Of PU foam moulded
with MS tubular frame
insert and upholstered
with fabric and back
cover

*

Backrest width
±10mm

450mm 450mm

Backrest height
±10mm

520mm 520mm

Backrest thickness
±10mm

110 mm *

PU foam moulded with
density ±2mm

50Kg/Cum *

Upholstery fabrics 3-Layer Foam
Laminated Fabric

*

Shade of Upholstery
fabric

Red *

ARMREST Type of armrest One side(common for *

                               3 / 6



 

two chairs)

Armrest made up of Integral polyurethane
foam with
65mm±10mm 'A'
hardness and
reinforced with MS
insert fixed with leg
frame

*

Armrest cladding Made up of 9mm thick
Wooden and
upholstered with fabric

*

PU foam moulded with
density ±2mm for
Armrest

50Kg/CuM *

Armrest width ±10mm 50mm *

MISC Side panel/Aisle panel
(chair rests on the
ground on two side
panels frames)

Made up of 2.5mm
thick CR steel.each side
panel is clad with two
fabric upholstered
particle board of 9mm
thick

*

Leg frame assembly
fabricated

From MS tube
60mmX40mmX2mm
thick welded with
grouting member

*

Writing pad Without *

Type of writing pad N.A *

Number of bottom
plates

1 No. common
foundation plate of 120
mm(W)X170mm(L)X5m
m(T) HR steel for 2
chairs

*

Rocking Spring Rocking coil spring
steel conforming to
IS:4454/Latest grade II
tested for 500000 cycle

*

GENERAL DIMENSION Arms to arms inner
width ±10mm

500 mm 500 mm

Seat to floor height
±10mm

400 *

Backrest to floor
height ±10mm

900 900.0

Arms to floor height 630 mm *

COLOUR & FINISH All steel components
should be

Epoxy polyester
powder coated(DFT
40-60 microns)

*

WARRANTY Warrantee period in
number of years

3-year 3-year

                               4 / 6



 

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manju Dewan 160009,DAV COLLEGE
SECTOR-10 CHANDIGARH

225  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Certificates/ test reports.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution

                               5 / 6



 

shall be taken into account for this criteria.
9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the

offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

13.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

