












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707741

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Dg Armed Forces Medical Service

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 200

Item Category Photocopier Paper with Printing

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                               1 / 7



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Photocopier Paper With Printing ( 200 ream )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification "Generally Conforming
to Indian Standard IS
14490 : latest

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked No *

"If yes,give BIS License
Number"

- *

Test Method as per
IS:1060

Yes *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

No *

Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer
on demand

Yes *

Type and Colour Printing of logo single colour *

Details of printing - *

Watermark logo No *

Details of logo - *

Colour, size and
location of logo will be
specified in purchase
order

Yes *

Additional
Requirements for eco
mark

"The material shall be
manufactured from
pulp containing not less
than 60 percent by
mass of pulp made
from materials other
than bamboo,hard
woods ,softwoods and

Yes *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/n9w7c-x8DXPR8INbHRI71omwOChc33Mi0pV0SNV3MdU


 

reed or the material
shall be manufactured
from pulp made from
100 percent waste
paper"

Physical Characteristics The photocopier paper
shall be devoid of
pinholes The surface
shall be well
calendered, quite
smooth and free from
fluff or loose flbres
Surface sizing with
starch is desirable for
avoiding fluff

Yes *

The paper shall have
good dimensional
stability, thermal
stability and shall not
have any static charge

Yes *

"ISO Brightness,perc
ent,Min"

80 80

"Moisture
content,percent,Max
"

4 4

Opacity, percent,
Min

85 85

One minute cobb
test, g/m2, Max

25 Any applicable numeric
value

Surface strength,
Dennison(Wax Pick)

No pick on 12 A No pick on 12 A, "No
pick on 13 A"

Smoothness for both
sides
(Bendsten),ml/min

200 200

"Ash content(900◦C)
,percent by
mass,Max"

16 16

"Taber Stiffness
,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

2 2

Taber Stiffness
,Cross
Direction(CD),Min

1 1

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

4.5 4.5

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Cross
Direction(CD)Min,"

4.5 4.5

"Tensile Index 40 40

                               3 / 7



 

Machine Direction
(MD) ,Nm/g, Min"

Tensile Index Cross 
Direction(CD),Nm/g,
Min

25 25

Size and GSM Size of paper FS A3, FS

Grammage
(GSM)(g/m2)

75 75

"If any other GSM,
please specify"

- *

Quantity Number of sheets in
a pack(nos)

500 500

Net weight per pack
(kg)

2.78 2.78

Packing and Marking Packing Paper in reams shall be
securely packed with
one layer of wrapping
paper/ duplex board of
min 200 GSM or two
layers of wrapping
paper of 100 gsm(min)
each The reams inside
the carton shall be
covered with LDPE film
of 1 x 10^-2 mm thick
(min) Finally 10/5
reams shall be packed
in carton of 5 ply
construction suitable
for safe rail/road transit
These carton shall be
of double wall
construction generally
conforming to IS: 2771
(part I) 1990 with amdt
no 1 & 2 and style
0620 of IS: 6481:1971
The weight of carton
shall not exceed 40 kgs
(approx) The carton
shall be closed with the
gum paper tape 50 mm
(min) wide & finally
secured by nylon
strapping of size 13
mm wide 2 Nos on
each side The edges of
the nylon strap shall be
heat sealed
overlapping each other
by min 25 mm

*

The package should be
marked with

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

Description and size of
Paper,Quantity,Mass of
500/250 sheets
including wrapping
paper in kg/ream
Chargeable wt should
be net wt excluding the
wt of packing,Lot
Number and
month/year of
manufacturing,Name of
manufacturer

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********AMBALA 200  15

Special terms and conditions for category Photocopier Paper with Printing 

1.Subject to provisions of Public Procurement (preference to `Make in India`) order 2017
notified vide Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion Ministry of Commerce and
Industry order dated 31st July2018 the following types of Paper Paper Board and Newsprint
where sufficient domestic manufacturing capacity and local competition is available
minimum local content is specified as below: Type of Paper - Photocopier Paper with Printing
Relevant BIS Standard - IS 14490:1997 Minimum Local Content (%) - 75

2.The minimum local content shall be reckoned with reference to ex-factory price (pre-GST) on
which the manufacturer has paid GST.

3.The Public Procurement of paper for office supplies and printing of textbooks should be
certified to be manufactured in India by paper mill that does not import more than 25% of its
total raw material consumed.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

                               5 / 7



 

4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
8.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

9.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

10.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

12. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

13.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

14.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by

                               6 / 7



 

concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

15.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

16.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

17.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

18.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

19.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

