












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712109

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Chhattisgarh

Department Name Urban Development Department Chhattisgarh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Municipal Corporation Korba

Total Quantity 25000

Item Category bleaching powder stable

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank AXIS BANK LTD

EMD Percentage(%) 1.50

EMD Amount 11250

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 5



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
E.E.
Municipal Corporation Korba, Urban Development Department Chhattisgarh, N/A,
(Gayas Ahmed)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Bleaching Powder Stable ( 25000 kilogram )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conforming to Indian
Standard IS 1065 :
latest

Yes *

ISI Marking Yes *

CM/L Number 9499716 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Gf7BguEQlM9ajitkCAY28wLRF38-ADRBg9R0mO7ilQ0


 

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification, to be
submitted to the Buyer
on demand

Yes *

Test Report Number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Grade and Material Grade Grade 1 Grade 1

Manufacturing Process Chlorination of Slacked
Lime

*

Appearance White to Slightly
Yellowish - White

*

The material shall be
free from hard lumps
and any visible
impurities

Yes *

The material shall be
dry and free-flowing

Yes *

Requirements For
Bleaching Powder
Stable

Available Chlorine
(Percent by Mass)

34 34

Moisture (Percent by
Mass)

0.5 0.3, 0.5

Keeping Quantity The material comply
with the minimum
available chlorine
content for not less
than 30 days from the
date of manufacture
which should be
specified on the
container

Yes *

After the period of
more than 30 days the
minimum available
chlorine shall be as
agreed between the
purchaser and the
supplier

Yes *

Keeping Quality (> =
30) (Days)

600 180, 600

Packing and Marking Quantity of Material
(Kgs)

25 25000.0, 25.0

Packing Material The material shall be
packed in the

*

                               3 / 5



 

laminated HDPE bags
having two inner liners
and tied at the mouth
of each inner bag
separately with nylon
rope and then the outer
laminated HDPE woven
sack is stitched using
polypropylene twisted
thread with two rows -
each row being done
separately - one being
above the other for the
protection during
transit

The packages used
shall be free from dirt
or other foreign
materials which are
likely to cause
decomposition of stable
bleaching powder

Yes *

Marking : The
containers shall be
securely packed and
marked with the name
of the manufacturer,
grade, mass of the
material in the
package, recognized
trade-mark, if any,
batch number and the
date of packing and
dispatch

Yes *

Storage : While
shipping, the material
shall be stored away
from the boilers or any
other head source

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gayas Ahmed 495677,saket bhawan, ,
Korba

25000  15

                               4 / 5



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

