












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/691577

  Dated: 06-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 3973

Item Category bicycle

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  75 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  70 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 NITRA

EMD Detail

                             1 / 12



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 79460

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 24

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Procurement Officer
COD Chheoki, Department of Defence, Indian Army, Ministry of Defence
(Narender Kumar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 70% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                             2 / 12



 

Bicycle ( 3973 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic parameters Type Two Wheeled Cycles for
Men

Two Wheeled Cycles for
Men

Weight of Bicycle
(kg)

18.5 21, 18.5

Applicable Indian
Standard

IS 10613:2004 With
Latest Amdmnt.

IS 10613:2004 With
Latest Amdmnt.

Size of Frame (cm) 45 60, 45

Reflector Yes Yes

Accessories parameters Bell Yes Yes

Lock Yes Yes

Stand Yes Yes

Basket Yes Yes, No

B.B. Lock Ring as per
IS 1131: 2004

Yes Yes

Saree Gurad Yes Yes

Constructional
parameters

Thickness of Crank
at Axle Hole (mm)

18.5 18.5

Type of Rim Beaded Edge(BE) Beaded Edge(BE)

Material of Rim Steel Steel

Size Designation of
Rim

- 24x1-12

Thickness of tube
(mm)

1.63 1.63

Top Tube Diameter
(mm)

25.4 25.4

No. of Holes in Rear
Wheel

40 40

Front Axle Length
(mm)

140 140.0

Hub Axle Diameter
for Front Wheel
(mm)

8.8 8.8

Material of Nipple Brass Conforming to IS Brass Conforming to IS

                             3 / 12

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/i1XnVgj1PjZN9mozquImIkVp7Ooe_bWxM3JsLcNZF88


 

2704 2704

Material of Spokes Steel Wire Conforming
to IS 6902

Steel Wire Conforming
to IS 6902

ISO Chain Number (A) 8A *

ISO Chain Number
(B)

5B 5B, 8B

Type of Chain Simple Simple

Rear Axle Length
(mm)

172 172.0

No.of Holes in Front
Wheel

32 32

Spoke Diameter
(mm)

2.032 2.032

Pitch of Chain (mm) 12.7 12.7

Pitch of Spokes
(mm)

0.454 0.454

Thickness of Crank
at Pedal Axle Hole
(mm)

13 13.0

Heavy Duty Wider
Comfortable with two
coil springes based
saddle with PVC Top as
per IS 626:2009 with
latest amdmnt.

Yes *

Type of Steel Tube Electric Resistance
Welded and Induction
Welded Tubes( ERW)

Electric Resistance
Welded and Induction
Welded Tubes( ERW)

Cone to Cone
Distance (mm)

87 87.0

Chain Cover Half Chain Cover Half Chain Cover

Width of Mudgurad
(mm)

54 54.0

Sprocket Tooth
thickness of Free
wheel (mm)

2.85 2.85

Thickness of
Mudgurad (mm)

0.508 0.508

Thickness of Head
Tube (mm)

1.12 1.12

Material of Washers Steel Wire Conforming
to IS 513

Steel Wire Conforming
to IS 513

Depth of Mudgurad
(mm)

28 28.0

Mounded Rubber
Brake Shoe for

Yes Yes

                             4 / 12



 

enhanced Life as per
IS 10613:2004 with
latest amndmnt.

Hub Axle Diameter
for Rear Wheel (mm)

8.8 8.8

Type of Pneumatic
Tube

- jointed

Type of Handle Bar
as per IS 625:2006
with latest amdmnt.

Brake Lever Combined
Handle Bar

Brake Lever Combined
Handle Bar

Bottom Tube
Diameter (mm)

28.6 28.6

Type of Tyre Type A Type A

Type of Hub
Assembly

Ph-Type as per IS
12205:1988

Ph-Type as per IS
12205:1988

Bottom Bracket and
Fixed Cup as per IS
1131: 2005

Yes Yes

Anti Skid Designed
Rubber Blocks
Conforming to IS
628:1193 with latest
amndmts.

Yes Yes

Heavy Duty Wide
Rubber Block Pedal
with Steel Side
plates for
Reinforcement
Conforming to IS
628:1193 with latest
amndmts.

Yes Yes

Nature of Operation Standard Duty Heavy Duty, Standard
Duty

Seat Tube Diameter
(mm)

28.6 28.6

Bottom Bracket Axle
as per IS 1131: 2006

Yes Yes

No.of Sprocket Tooth
of Free wheel

18 18

Shape of Mudgurads
( Front and Rear)

- dome

Type of Hub used in
Front Wheel

Thin Barrel Hub *

Head Tube Diameter
(mm)

31.75 31.75

Type of Hub used in
Rear Wheel

Thin Barrel Hub *

Roller Diameter of 7.95 7.95

                             5 / 12



 

Chain (mm)

Material of
Mudgurad

Steel Steel

Finishing Material Steel Steel

Cottor Pin Hole
Diameter (mm)

9.5 9.5

Extra Long Soft
Synthetic Resin
Handle Grip

Yes Yes

Tyre Designation - 24x1-12

Thickness of Seat
Fitting Tube (mm)

1.22 1.22

Type of Seat Pillers
as per IS 626:2009
with latest amdmnt.

Straight Seat Pillers Straight Seat Pillers

Circular Pitch (mm) 12.7 12.7

Seat Fitting Tube
Diameter as per IS
626:2009 with latest
amdmnt. (mm)

25.1 25.1

Saddle as per IS
10613: 2004 with
latest amdmnt.

Saddle with Adjustment
Clamp

Saddle with Adjustment
Clamp

Fork Columun and
Fork Blades Material
of Tube &quot;

ERW-Cl of IS 2039/1991 ERW-Cl of IS 2039/1991

Certification
parameters

Warranty 24 24

ISI Marked Bicycle
Fork and Tubeto IS
2039:1991with
latest amdmnt.

Yes Yes

ISI Marked Bicycle
Frame to IS
623:2008 with latest
amdmnt.

Yes Yes

ISI Marked Hub
Assembly to IS
629/1988 with latest
amdmnt.

Yes *

ISI Marked Chain to
IS 2403:1991 with
latest amdmnt.

Yes Yes

ISI Marked Bicycle
Tyre and Tubeto IS
2414:2005 with
latest amdmnt.

Yes Yes

ISI Marked Bicycle
Spokes to IS 630:2003

Yes *

                             6 / 12



 

with latest amdmnt.

ISI Marked Bicycle
Rim to IS 624:2003
with latest amdmnt.

Yes Yes

ISI Marked Steel
Tubes to IS
2039/1991 with
latest amdmnt.

Yes Yes

Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to
prove conformity to
specification

Yes Yes

Test Report No. - ad-2592018-2019

Test Report Date - 13.08.2018

Name of the Lab - Any applicable text(s)

Address of the Lab - Any applicable text(s)
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********dehradun 731  90

2 *********** ***********ALLAHABAD 3242  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall,
either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the
drawings within 10 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings
with modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval
of drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval
of Drawing.

2.Staggered Delivery: The ordered items shall be supplied in a staggered manner. ( 3973
Quantity shall be supplied within 90 days of contract placement and thereafter 3973

                             7 / 12



 

Quantity per Month)
3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership

or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

4.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary
expertise, the seller can form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with
one of the consortium company as leader. However, each and every member of the
consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of the project contract.
An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

5.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

7. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

11.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company

                             8 / 12



 

and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

12.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

13.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

14.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

15.SLBR52
16.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the

following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NITRA
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: NITRA

17.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

18.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

19. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
20.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
21.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

22.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): NABL TEST REPORT.

23.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope MAIN
FRAME OF THE BICYCLE (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the
bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this
compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

                             9 / 12



 

24.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

25.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

26.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.

                            10 / 12



 

8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

27.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of COMDT COD CHHEOKI ALLAHABAD A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer
after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with
covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

28.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of COMDT COD CHHEOKI
payable at NAINI ALLAHABAD.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

29.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 7
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by

                            11 / 12



 

the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

30.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

31.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

32.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            12 / 12

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

