












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706054

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Western Railway

Total Quantity 9

Item Category Restaurant Table

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Restaurant Table ( 9 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Shape of Table Rectangular Rectangular

Seating Capacity 6 2, 4, 6, 8

MATERIAL Material of top Ply *

Material of
understructure

Teak Wood *

Material of top finish Mica *

DIMENSION Length of table
±10mm (Diameter in
case of Round)

1800 mm 1100 mm, 1800 mm

Depth of table
±10mm

900 mm 900 mm

Height of table ±10mm 750 mm *

Thickness of top in mm
(+/- 5%)

25 mm *

Shape and Dimension
of Base

- *

MISC Number of vertical
support

4 *

Under Structure
Diameter of Pipes
(Width in case of
Square sections) in mm

50 *

Vertical Support
Diameter of Pipes
(Width in case of
Square sections) in mm

80 *

COLOUR & FINISH Colour of top finish AS PER BUYER CHOICE *

WARRATY Warrantee period in 1-year 1-year, 2-year, 3-year,

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/sOOC-ULZOAtYlTSsrfTL__0Jp1cy1Ux-LJiOAdhwUOY


 

number of years 4-year, 5-year

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES *

BIFMA certification NO *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

NO *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

NO *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

NO *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pravin Gohel 364003,DRM OFFICE,
BHAVNAGAR PARA,
GADHECHI VADLA.

9  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the

                               3 / 4



 

offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

13.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

14.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 5 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

