












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714663
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name Nagar Panchayat Bansdih Ballia

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Bansdih

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Cattle Catcher Vehicle

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 9000

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 5



 

Beneficiary: 
EO
NAGAR PANCHAYAT BANSDIH, NOTE:-- KINDLY SUBMIT EMD IN FORM OF FDR (SUBMIT HARD COPY OF FDR TILL BID END
DATE)
(Eo)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Cattle Catcher Vehicle ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT

Yes *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Form 22 A - For compliance
with pollution standards,
safety standards of
components and road
worthiness as per CMVR
Rules

Yes *

Registration To Local RTO
(Regional Transport
Office)/RTA(Regional
Transport Authority) By
Seller

Yes *

Availability of test reports
for all critical components
from the manufacturer or
OEM of Hydraulic system
etc shall be from any ILAC
/NABL accredited / Central
Govt Lab To be furnished to
buyers on demand

Yes *

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine Capacity (cc) 702 *

Make and Model of Vehicle
Chassis

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/YWr1K4RXFSso5TnbURtitybjEVmotrUaz3o1-WKXAWI


 

Pay Load Capacity
(Tonne Load)

3 0 - 50

Type of chassis for
Vehicle

Light Vehicle
Motor(maximum mass not
exceeding 3.5 tonnes)

Light Vehicle
Motor(maximum mass not
exceeding 3.5 tonnes),
Medium Vehicle Motor(
maximum mass exceeding
3.5 tonnes but not
exceeding 12 tonnes),
Heavy Vehicle
Motor(Maximum mass
exceeding 12 tonnes)

Chassis with Built up Cabin Yes *

Type of Fuel CNG Diesel, CNG

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-IV BS-IV, BS-III (Only for
Defence), BS-VI

Max Engine BHP 16 Any applicable numeric
value

Rated RPM at Max
Engine BHP

3700 Any applicable numeric
value

Max Engine Torque N-m 39 Any applicable numeric
value

Rated RPM at max
Engine Torque

2200 Any applicable numeric
value

Braking Distance (m) 1 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
(%)

21 Any applicable numeric
value

Engine Aspiration
System

Natural Natural, Supercharged,
TurboCharged,
Turbocharged Intercooled

Fuel Tank Capacity (Ltrs) 30 Any applicable numeric
value

Ground Clearance (mm) 160 Any applicable numeric
value

Floor Area (sq. mm) 3299999 Any applicable numeric
value

Wheel Base (mm) 2100 Any applicable numeric
value

Kerb Weight (Kg) 720 Any applicable numeric
value

Gross Vehicle Weight
(Kg)

1700 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Vehicle Tyre Bias Tube, Tubeless, Radial, Bias

Drive Axle Rear *

No of Axle (Nos) 2 *

No. of Speed/ Forward Gears 4 *

Type of Steering Power Operated Manual, Power Operated

Turning Radius (mm) 4300 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Front Brakes Disc *

Type of Rear Brakes Drum *

Constructional Parameters Type of Cabin Fixed *

                               3 / 5



 

Overall Length (mm) 4000 *

Overall Width (mm) 1500 *

Overall Height (Cabin) (mm) 1500 *

Type and Location of Shock
Absorbers

- *

Size Of BIS marked Front
Tyre with Ply Rating

- *

Size of BIS marked Rear
Tyre with Ply Rating

165R14T Any applicable text(s)

Chain 5 *

Material and thickness of
Flooring-Mild Steel sheet

3.5 Above 3

Thickness of chequer sheet
on floor

3.5 *

Hydraulic Ram rear end
loading and unloading

Yes *

Performance Parameters Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test Agency
under Rule 115of CMVR
1989) (Km/Ltr)

17.9 1.0e-06 - 9999999

Warranty Distance (Km) 50000 Any applicable numeric
value

Warranty Time (Months) 12 12, 24, 36, 48

No of Free Service (Nos) 3 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Suryaprakash Singh 277001,EO Office Bansdih ballia 1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of EO NP BANSDIH
A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or
with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer
after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to

                               4 / 5



 

the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

