












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713802
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Directorate Of Purchase And Stores

Total Quantity 2

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Product Class OEM OEM

Brand Konica Minolta Konica Minolta, Konikca
Minolta

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/tLbp80EpSJpKNXPv11FhrXIsiWYYHPBlXDl1meLLceE


 

Type of
Cartridge/Consumable

Drum Drum

Colour of
Cartridges/Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum Model
number

DR314 DR314

Corresponding Part
number/ code

AACJ0RD AACJ0RD

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

bizhub 558e,bizhub
458e,bizhub 658e

bizhub 458e, bizhub 558e,
bizhub 658e

Yield of the Cartridge as per
ISO/IEC:19752/2004(E)for
BK & ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

285000 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 S T Esaivani 603102,KALPAKKAM 2  15

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1.In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM cartridges are supplied
to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of indigenously
manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be older than nine months while
accepting the material. In case it is found to be more than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected
by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC) Certificate only after
verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the same in the machine
so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters subject to its genuineness having already
been verified at the time of issue of Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by Sellers on GeM against
OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller from any transaction in future including any
other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make OEM

Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1.In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been provided and can be

accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through HP SureSupply app or by using
Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on the cartridge security seal. After the scan process
of the QR code, a validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively the Sl. No. of the
cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP
website. The detailed procedure to check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl
visit the Hp website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

                               2 / 3



 

2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

