












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715446
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name South Central Railway

Total Quantity 84

Item Category lead acid battery

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 2566

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 4



 

Beneficiary: 
Sr.DMM/BZA
South Central Railway, Vijaywada, N/A, Ministry of Railways
(Sr Dfm Bza)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Lead Acid Battery ( 84 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Types of Lead Acid of
Battery

Small sized Valve Regulated
Lead -Acid Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 & 3)
with latest amendments

Small sized Valve Regulated
Lead -Acid Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 & 3)
with latest amendments

Nominal Voltage of
Battery (volts)

12.0 Volt 12.0 Volt

Material of container ABS ABS

Rated Capacity at C20
discharge (AH)

75 75

Warranty (Years) 2 Years 2 Years

Battery Condition Charged *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dimensions (L x W x H) (mm
x mm x mm)

As per relevant IS
Specifications

*

Volume of Electrolyte (ml) - *

Weight of Dry Battery (Kg)
shall be as per relevant IS:
Specn., corresponding Ah

Yes. *

No.of cells per Battery (No.) 6 Cells for 12 Volt battery *

Certifications Availability of Test Reports
from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/bfNw_rpqqOt5il_UK6nKiZCmqxw7AFHWSuJ-PYl1NcU


 

accrediated Lab showing
conformity to the
specifications

Address of the Lab - *

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Compulsory Registration
(CRS) of BIS for safety as
per IS 16046 as applicable.
Secondary Cells and
(Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-acid
Electrolytes-Safety
Requirements for Portable
sealed secondary cells, and
for Batteries made from
them for use in portable
applications

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Hemraj Meena 520001,O/o DRM/BZA DRM Office
Compound, South Central
Railway, Vijayawada - 520001

84  15

Special terms and conditions for category lead acid battery 

1.Battery serial number list shall be furnish by the seller along with the supply of the battery to Buyer

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

10.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /

                               3 / 4



 

service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Sr DFM BZA payable at State
bank of india .
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

12.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of Sr DFM BZA A/C
(Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with
the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after
making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Sr DFM BZA payable at State Bank Of India .
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

