












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/716366
  Dated: 18-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Gail India Limited

Organisation Name Gail India Limited

Office Name Pata

Total Quantity 2000

Item Category iso propyl alcohol

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  648000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 12960

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 3

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
PATA
Pata, GAIL India Limited, GAIL India Limited, Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
(Wilson John)

                               1 / 4



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as defined in
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for
supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an
MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in
relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Iso Propyl Alcohol ( 2000 liter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Requirements for iso Propyl
Alcohol

Relative Density at 27/27◦ C 0.782 *

Distillation Range ( in ml),
shall distill within 2◦C
including 824 x 10^-1◦C(
the temperature being
corrected for a pressure of
760 mm Hg)

93 *

Residue on evaporation
g/100 ml, Max

0.004 *

Acidity( as
CH₃COOH),percent by mass,
Max

0.002 *

Aldehydes and Ketones ( as
acetone), percent by mass ,
Max

0.2 *

Water content, percent by
mass, Max

0.5 *

Physical Characteristics Form Liquid *

Colour Colourless *

Packing , Marking and
Labelling

Unless otherwise agreed to
between the purchaser and
the supplier,the material
shall be packed in
galvanized drums (
conforming to IS:
2552-1970) or in any other
containers subject to the

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/keVkEombeFwe0XZNFJCA5sdCJLOydGvEHUMfF9Rj9EQ


 

provisions of the law in
force for the time being

All containers in which
material is packed shall be
dry and clean so that no
impurities harmful to the
end use of the material is
introduced

Yes *

Necessary safeguards
against the risk arising from
the storage and handling of
large volume of flammable
liquids shall be provided,
and all due precautions
shall be taken to prevent
accident by fire or explosion

Yes *

Each container shall be
marked with the following
information (a) Name of the
material (b) Manufacturer's
name, initials of his trade
mark, if any, (c )Net,gross
and Tare mass (d) Date of
Packing

Yes *

Certifications iso Propyl Alcohol
conforming to IS:
2631(Latest)

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked No *

CM/L Number(Must declare
if ISI Marked)

- *

Test Report Details Availability of Test Report
from Central Govt/ State
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab(hint: Must be declared)

No *

Test Report Number( Must
be declared, write NA if Test
Report is not available)

- *

Test Report date( Must be
declared, write NA if Test
Report is not available)

- *

Name of the Lab( Must be
declared, write NA if Test
Report is not available)

- *

Address of the Lab( Must be
declared, write NA if Test
Report is not available)

- *

Test Report to be furnished
to the Buyer on demand(
Must be declared, write NA
if Test Report is not
available)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               3 / 4



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nayan Bhatt 206241,GAIL (INDIA) LTD.
PETROCHEMICAL COMPLEX P.O
PATA

2000  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of GAIL INDIA LIMITED, PATA

payable at PATA.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of GAIL INDIA LIMITED, PATA payable at PATA.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in Beneficiary name GAIL
INDIA LIMITED, PATA Account No. 00000032808651040 IFSC Code SBIN0001937 Bank Name STATE BANK OF
INDIA Branch address UPPCC, PATA, DISTT. AURAIYA, UP- 206241.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line
transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer along with bid.

5.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft also (besides
PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in favour of GAIL INDIA LIMITED, PATA payable at 
PATA. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

6.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online through RTGS / internet
banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-line payment shall be in Beneficiary name GAIL
INDIA LIMITED Account No. 00000032808651040 IFSC Code SBIN0001937 Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA
Branch address UPPCC, PATA, DISTT. AURAIYA, UP- 206241. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and
name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned
copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

