












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44764

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 20-07-2020 09:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 09:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Nagar Palika Baruasagar

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Potable water purification system Reverse Osmosis or
UV based

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Inspection Required  No

Estimated RA Value  501000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank ICICI

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 25050

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Lekh Lipik
nagar palika baruasagar, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities -
eServices to citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Sandeep Singh Sengar)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Potable Water Purification System Reverse Osmosis Or UV Based ( 1
pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for the
product

NA CE, WQA, NSF, NA

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/PS9YyY0MkV4hZff1R8eTsNE4IlFe3YZz6slGelNtzGo


 

Certification number
and date

- *

Manufacturers
Quality System
Certifications

ISO 9001:2015 ISO 9001:2015

Manufacturers
Environment
Management System
Certifications

NA ISO 14001:2004, NA

Manufacturers
Health and Safety
Management System
Certifications

NA ISO 18001:2007, NA

Performance
Parameters

Maximum Input
Water TDS allowed
to the system

2000 1000, 2000, 3000

Type of water
purification
technology

RO RO+UF, RO+UV+UF,
RO+UV+UF+Alkaline,
R0+UV+Alkaline, RO,
UV, RO+Alkaline, RO
+UV, UV+UF

Aavailability of
sediment and activated
carbon filter

Yes *

Operation Fully automatic with
auto cut off

Fully automatic with
auto cut off, Semi
Automatic with
External Auto Cut Off

Ultraviolet (UV)
LAMP

No Yes, No

Conformity to
Standard for
Ultraviolet system

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet
disinfection

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet
disinfection, NA if UV
not provided

"Ultra Voilet (UV) Lamp
power in watts (Hint
put zero in case UV is
not available)"

21 *

Recovery at 27
degree Centigrade

25-35 25-35, 30-40, 50-60,
70-80, 90-100

Output Water
Conforming standard

IS 10500 (latest) *

Filtration Capacity in
liter/ hour

2000 *

Provision of Arsenic
removal

Yes Yes, No

Provision of Floride
removal

Yes Yes, No

                               3 / 8



 

Provision of Chloride
removal

Yes Yes, No

Alkaline filter Yes Yes, No

Storage tank Not available Inbuilt, Not available

Type of out put
water Storage Tank

NA Stainless Steel, Clay
Pot (Terracotta),
Copper, ABS Food
Grade, NA

Storage Tank
Capacity (storage
tank external for
higher capacity if
required to be
arranged by buyer)

NA 8ltr, 10ltr, 12ltr, 16ltr,
25ltr, 50ltr, Storage
tank to be arranged by
buyer, NA

Minimum inlet
pressure

0.3 KG/CM2 0.3 KG/CM2, 0.6
KG/CM2, 1 KG/CM2

Maximum inlet
pressure

3.5 KG/CM2 *

Maximum inlet
temperature

35 DEGREE 35 DEGREE, 40
DEGREE

Digital display Yes Yes, No

Real time TDS
display

No Yes, No

Real time pH Display No Yes, No

High pressure pump Yes Yes, No

Raw water/Chemical
Raw water/Chemical
Cleaning PUMP

Yes Yes, No

Micron Filter Yes Yes, No

Total Dissolved
Solids Removal
Percentage from RO
Membrane

90% 25%, 50%, 75%, 90%,
NA for UV only

Particulate Filter
Porosity

5 micron 5 micron, 10 Micro, 20
micron

Pressure vessel
Sand Filter

Yes Yes, No

Pressure vessel
carbon Filter

Yes Yes, No

Pressure Vessel Dual
Media Filter

Yes Yes, No

Membrane Housing Yes Yes, No

Body of filter ABS Food grade ABS Food grade, MS
Powder Coated,
Stainless Steel

Auto cut Yes Yes, No

                               4 / 8



 

Number of candles 3 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or more

Power supply 230 Volt single phase 230 Volt single phase,
415 Volt three phase

Installation Type Floor Mounted Wall mounted, Under
sink, Floor Mounted,
Floor Mounted and
Enclosed

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Warranty in years
including
replacement of
filters Sediment &
carbon twice a year)

1 1, 2, 3

Warranty in years
free replacement of
machine

1 1, 2, 3, NA

Antiscalant- where
silica is up to 10
ppm/where Mica is
up to 100 ppm

Yes Yes, No

Availabilty of type
test Test REPORT for
Filtering Size of
micron Particles

Yes Yes, No

TYPE Test certificate No
and date for Filtering
Size of micron Particles

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Filtering Size of micron
Particles:

- *

Availability of type Test
Report on Microbial
Efficacy from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab

- *

Type Test certificate No
and date for Microbial
Efficacy

- *

Name of the lab - *

Availability of test
report from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab
(Design Evalution
Report as per
IS:14724

Yes Yes, No

Test certificate No and
date

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test

- *

                               5 / 8



 

Availability of test
report from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab
regarding water quality
as per IS:10500

Yes *

Type Test certificate No
and date

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted type Test
regarding water quality

- *

Copies of certifications
and reports to be given
to buyer at time of
supplies

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Availability of toll
free centers for
customer support

No Yes, No

Installation and
Commissioning
inclusive in the
scope of Supply*

Yes Yes, No

Availability of NABL
Accredited
Laboratory Facility
with OEM

No Yes, No

Name and Address of
NABL Accredited lab
with OEM , If Not
available put NA

- *

Inlet Pipe & Fitting
from raw water
scorces to water
purification system

to be arranged by
buyer/consignee

suitable pipe and fitting
to be provided by seller
up to 15 feet, to be
arranged by
buyer/consignee, Not
applicable

Pipe & Fitting from
Out let to purified
water tank

To be arranged by
buyer /consignee

To be arranged by
seller (upto 15ft), To be
arranged by buyer
/consignee, Not
applicable

Electrical fitting and
plug points

To be arranged by
buyer /consignee

*

Scope Civil Work if any
required during
installation

All Civil work shall be
responsibility of buyer

*

                               6 / 8



 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sandeep Singh
Sengar

284201,nagar palika
baruasagar jhansi

1  30 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

2. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
3.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 2.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 1 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 2% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

10.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 1 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Annually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of 1 (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance

                               7 / 8



 

Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC
Performance Security for 2% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months (if
there is no other claim).

11.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope 1
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

12.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

13.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

14.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

15.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

16.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

