












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709712
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Civil Aviation

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Directorate General Of Civil Aviation (dgca)

Office Name Dgca Hqrs

Total Quantity 2

Item Category breath alcohol analyzers

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 6



 

2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Breath Alcohol Analyzers ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TECHNOLOGY /
PERFORMANCE

Sensor Technology ElectroChemical - Fuel Cell
(alcohol specific)

ElectroChemical - Fuel Cell
(alcohol specific)

Sampling Method Deep Lung Exhalation
Method

*

Sampling Error Detection Alarm on wrong sampling *

Sampling modes Both Active and Passive *

Measuring Range [mg /
100 ml BAC (Blood
Alcohol Concentration)]

0 to 400 0 to 400

Accuracy +/- 5 % or better *

Drift of the breath
analyzer in 6 months
period (mg / 100 ml BAC)

0 0.0 - 0.0 Or lower

Easily replaceable
mouthpiece with Sputum
Trap

yes *

Sample Taking Duration 4 *

Analytical Response Time
(At '0' level of Alcohol)

5 *

Analytical Response Time
for positive result

5 *

Recovery Time at (1/2)
mg/ltr

2 *

Warm up Time (after putting
on)

5 *

Time required for re-
calibration

12 *

Barometric Pressure Range
(hpa or millibar)

600 *

Shelf Life of Fuel Cell 5 *

RoHS Compliant Yes *

The Equipment meet RFI
requirement as per

Yes *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/RKu9aCy7spzW7VepXDStqu9olF4mAUSdgCansWtcBsg


 

EN:5008-1/1992(emission)
and EN
50082-1:1997(immunity) or
equivalent requirements

PHYSICAL Weight 200 *

Size ( mm x mm x mm ) - *

BATTERY OF ANALYZER Power Source Rechargeable Battery and
also work through
automobile 12 V DC Power.

*

Chemistry of Rechargeable
Battery

Li-ion *

Battery Voltage 4.8 *

Battery Backup Time
(continuous duty)

30 *

Number of Spare
Rechargeable Batteries
supplied with the
instrument

0 *

Low Battery indication yes *

DISPLAY / INDICATOR /
STORAGE / INTERFACE

Display Type TFT LCD *

Display Size 2 *

Availability of audible
beeper for over range, low
battery etc

yes *

Record Entry Through Integrated/Touch
Screen

Through Integrated/Touch
Screen

Minimum Record Fields Full Information as per the
user's requirement such as
Driver Name, Vehicle
number, inspector name,
test report with time, date,
geolocation, instrument id,
etc

*

Record Memory
(Minimum)

20000 20000

Record Data Downloadable
to PC

yes *

Data Interface USB *

GPS No *

If yes, Capable to display
the geolocation of test
inspection / location

NA *

Camera No Yes, No

If yes, Capable to capture
the clear image of test
target

NA *

PRINTER Printer With With

Type of Printer Internal Thermal Printer Internal Thermal Printer

Print Resolution (dpi) 200 *

Printer consists of Inbuilt
Rechargeable Battery,
Paper for offence printouts,
Charger

yes *

                               3 / 6



 

Minimum number of
printouts that can be taken
with the paper available
with the Printer

100 *

"Minimum number of
printouts that can be taken
with single charge of the
printer battery (Hint:-
Minimum 60 prints, if 'With
Printer' May indicate '0' if
not applicable)"

100 *

Bis Registration number for
Printer under CRS of MeitY

- *

WARRANTY Warranty 2 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS The equipment can be used
as an evidential instrument
for Traffic Law Enforcement,
The instrument is hand
held, portable and easy to
operate

Yes *

If Yes, the equipment meets
the requirements of the
applicable latest Central
Motor Vehicle Rules and all
Govt notifications

yes *

Immunity to RF
interface,meets
requirement as per
EN:5008-/1992(emission)
and EN:50082-1:1997
(immunity) or equivalent

yes *

OPERATING CONDITIONS Minimum Operating
Temperature

-20 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

70 *

Relative Humidity Non
Condensing (%)

90 *

ENVIRONMENTAL /
CERTIFICATION

Conformity to Dry Heat test
at 50 degree C for 16 hours
as per IS :9000 latest

Yes *

Conformity to Damp heat at
40 degree C - 95% RH
(cyclic test): two cycles of
16+8 hours as per IS: 9000
latest

Yes *

Conformity to Cold test at -
5 / -10 / - 15 / -20 degree C
(as applicable) for 4 hours
as per IS: 9000 latest

Yes *

Availability of Test Reports
from Central Govt / NABL
approved / ILAC accredited
Lab to prove conformity to
the specification

Yes *

Test Report Number and
Date

- *

Name of the Lab and
Address

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               4 / 6



 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bhagaji Vishram
Dangat

411028,Govt. Gliding Centre,
Saswad Road, Hadapsar

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection

Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): Yes
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Yes

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

7.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Yes.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

12.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide AMC Service for next 
2 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 3 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the
right to enter into an AMC agreement ( covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful
Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC period. Performance
Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the AMC contract when called upon by the
buyer. The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of
AMC Performance Security for 3% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other
claim). (Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

13.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide Comprehensive
Maintenance Service for next 2 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 10 % of contract price

                               5 / 6



 

per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at above mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made 
Annually after rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the successful
bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by the buyer. CMC would include
cost of 10000 (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after
submission and verification of AMC Performance Security for 3% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2
months (if there is no other claim).

14.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase
preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is
not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 10 % of margin of purchase preference /price
band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 10% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

15.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

16.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

