












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705147

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name West Central Railway

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Binocular Indirect Ophthalmoscope -(RBSK)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Binocular Indirect Ophthalmoscope -(RBSK) ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/f95Ru451mOFH33zLedk4ZUJli0ZypJCIreo84YiTj_w


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product Binocular Indirect
ophthalmoscope

*

Purpose To observe health of
the retina and the
vitreous humor

*

Utility Opthalmology *

PRODUCT TECHNICAL
FEATURES

Compact design, light
weight, easy to carry
and use

Yes *

High Contrast and clear
image

Yes *

Equipped with soft and
comfortable
upholstered padded
headband

Yes *

Should have simple
controls for adjusting
the headband

Yes *

Illumination rheostat is
located on the
headband for easy
accessibility and
adjustable

Yes *

Should include various
hand held lenses

Yes *

Should Have all pupil
feature

Yes *

Should have Stereo
optical system

Yes *

wide angle diffuser Yes *

Filters Cobalt blue and Green *

IR and UV filters are
integrated

Yes Yes

Adjustable Inter-
pupillary distance
(IPD) (mm)

75 75.0

Must have Aspheric
biconvex lens

20D and 28D 20D and 28D

Working distance
(Cm)

40 40.0

Lamp type with good
illumination

LED bulb LED bulb

Easily accessible for
replacement of bulb for
uninterrupted work

Yes *

                               2 / 7



 

Easily accessible and
fully controllable light
on headband

Yes *

Complete unit to be
easily washable and
sterilizable using both
alcohol

Yes *

Headset dimensions, all
adjustable
(LengthxWidthx Height)
(CmxCmxCm)

- *

Headset Weight
(gm)

600 to 700 600 to 700

ELECTRICAL FEATURES Power supply 220+/-10% V, 50/60
Hz, AC Single phase

220+/-10% V, 50/60
Hz, AC Single phase

Rechargeable
battery pack

6V, 5W output 6V, 5W output

Type of battery Li-ion Li-ion

Battery back-up time
(hrs)

4 to 8 4 to 8

PACKING MODE Packing kit contains the
product with
accessories viz
Batteries, filters, lamp,
power chord in a
carrying box/hard case

Yes *

Packing Each kit Individually
packed

*

ENVIRONMENTAL
CONSIDERATIONS

Capable of stored
continuously in
ambient storage
conditions in ideal
circumstances

0 deg C to 50 deg C, 15
to 90% RH

*

Capable of operating
continuously in
ambient conditions in
ideal circumstances

10 deg C to 40 deg C,
15 to 90% RH

*

CERTIFICATIONS &
REPORTS

Submission of all
certificates and Test
Report from the
appropriate authority
to prove the conformity
to declared
specification at the
time of supply

Yes *

Product certification US-FDA US-FDA

Certification,
performance and
safety standards
specific to the device

- *

                               3 / 7



 

INSTALLATION &
TRAINING

Supplier to perform
installation, safety and
operation checks
before handover

Yes *

Training of users in
operation and basic
maintenance shall be
provided

Yes *

WARRANTY &
MAINTENANCE

Warranty (Yrs) 3 3

User technical and
maintenance manual
detailing complete
maintaining schedule
with routine
maintenance should be
provided

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier
and local service agent
to be provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Balasubramanian
Usha Rani

483501,ADDITIONAL CHIEF
MEDICAL SUPERINTENDENT
, SUB-DIVISION HOSPITAL
NKJ KATNI

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

                               4 / 7



 

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 15% of total
value.

5.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
11.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

12.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 10 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 10% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

13.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM

                               5 / 7



 

shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope All parts
(Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking
onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is
to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

14.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

15.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

16.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 50 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total value as defined/ decided in
relevant policy.

17.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

18.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               6 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

http://www.tcpdf.org

