












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705750

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 1659

Item Category Compact Light Weight Stainless Steel Multi Utility
Tool (MHA)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  100 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Estimated Bid Value  5000000

EMD Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 250000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIG GC JSR
GC CRPF JAMSHEDPUR, JUHARKHAND
(Ashu Shukla)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 6



 

Compact Light Weight Stainless Steel Multi Utility Tool (MHA) ( 1659
pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM ITEM Compact Light Weight
Stainless Steel Multi
Utility Tool (MHA)

*

SPECIFICATION Conformity to
Specification

As Per MHA QR for
Compact Light Weight
Stainless Steel Multi
Utility Tool , issued by
MHA Vide NO- U-II-25/2
011/12-Prov-(COBRA)
Dated 14/12/12

*

Availability of MHA QR
Of Compact Light
Weight Stainless Steel
Multi Utility Tool

YES *

Seen and Understand
MHA QR of Compact
Light Weight Stainless
Steel Multi Utility Tool

YES *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from Govt
Lab/NABL As Per MHA
QR of Compact Light
Weight Stainless Steel
Multi Utility Tool

- *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/mcX1Hf8dG3qtYZqLY3mE6UAm9r7dOR49B_pB7vmuQYQ


 

QR/Spcn document View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Kewal Singh 492007,Group Centre CRPF
Raipur Govind Appartment
Jeevan Bihar Colony
Talibandha Raipur
CG-492007

460  45

2 Ashu Shukla 832107,GC, CRPF,
Jamshedpur, PO-
Sundernagar, Distt- East
Singhbhum, Jharkhand, Pin-
832107

392  45

3 Birendra Kumar
Toppo

410507,GC CRPF, Talegaon,
Pune, Maharashtra, Pune,
Pin- 410507

180  45

4 Anil Minz 803303,Group Centre, CRPF,
Mokamaghat, PO-
Mokamaghat, Distt- Patna,
Bihar, Pin- 803303

90  45

5 Sumer Singh
Shekhawat

474001,Group Center CRPF,
Gwalior, A.B. Road,
Nayagaon, Panihaar,
Gwalior, M.P, Pin- 474001

30  45

6 K. M. Yadav 382355,Group Centre, CRPF,
Chiloda Road, Gandhinagar,
Gujrat, Pin- 382355

60  45

7 Deepa A K 500005,Group Centre, CRPF,
Chandrayan Gutta, PO-
Keshogiri, Hyderabad, A.P-
500005

151  45

8 Sunil Kumar Parth 751011,Group Centre, CRPF,
Bhubaneswar, Distt- Khurda,
Odisha, Pin- 751011

206  45

9 Pankaj Kumar 713214,GC CRPF,
AMRABATI, DURGAPUR

90  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): OWN BOARD . * Lab test report with sample must be submitted

                               4 / 6

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_tool_hand_hold_comp/51/16/877/CategorySchema/qr_spcn_document/2020/1/10/compact-light-weight-multi-ulity-ss-tool-tools_2020-01-10-16-22-57_4f71b4902d9aa141c8f71fe31bb68bc8.pdf


 

by bidder before opening of Bid
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Own board of officers

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of DIGP GC
CRPF JAMSHEDPUR payable at SBI TURAMDIH.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

7.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

8.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

9.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

                               5 / 6



 

10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
11.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given

to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

