












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702964

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name South Eastern Railway

Total Quantity 500

Item Category PVC Flat Cable, Copper conductor with PVC Insulation
and sheath for working voltages up to and inclu

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

PVC Flat Cable, Copper Conductor With PVC Insulation And Sheath For
Working Voltages Up To And Inclu ( 500 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Governing Specification IS: 694: 2010 latest *

ISI Marked Yes *

BIS License Number
(CM/L Number) - Must
declare

- *

Category of Cable FR FR

Type of Insulation
(shall conforming to
IS:5831:1984 latest)

Type C (HR) Type C (HR)

No. of core 3 3

Outer sheath (shall
conforming to
IS:5831:1984 latest)

Type ST 1 *

Colour of sheath Black *

Conductor material
(Complying with
IS:8130:1984 latest)

Tinned Copper *

Nominal Area of
Conductor (in
Sq.mm)

4.0 4.0

Optional tape
between the cores
and outer sheath

No No

Conductor construction
as per Cl.22.1.1 of
IS:694:2010 with latest
amendment

Yes *

Cable packing and as per Cl. 15 of *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/hVMXIYcc4G91FGNHpLFUc55hqRFbxAwG3g3I2Nda2q8


 

marking IS:694:2010 latest

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity to the
specification

Yes *

Test report number -
Must declare

- *

Report date - Must
declare

- *

Name of lab - Must
declare

- *

Address of lab - Must
declare

- *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
by the supplier to the
buyer/consignee on
demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sanjeet Kumar
Singh

831002,OFFICE OF THE
SSEE/G/TATA, BESIDE
RAILWAY STATION 2ND
ENTRY GATE, TATANAGAR,
JAMSHEDPUR.

500  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.Malicious Code Certificate:

                               3 / 4



 

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

