












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/682138

  Dated: 22-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 02-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-02 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Chhattisgarh

Department Name General Administration Department (gad)
Chhattisgarh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name District Collectorate

Total Quantity 94

Item Category E-Tricycle for Specially Abled

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  100 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

E-Tricycle For Specially Abled ( 94 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of e-Tricycle for
specially abled

Fully Electric, Battery
Operated, Motor
Driven,

Fully Electric, Battery
Operated, Motor
Driven,

Model Number of e-
Tricycle for specially
abled

- *

The e-tricycle Must Yes *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/B309pM4iGpoP6tomYHncGfHAW9CifNceAfJ4O05EdX8


 

Fabricated From Good
Quality Steel properly
Painted to avoid
Rusting for more than 5
Years,

Name and Grade of
Steel from which e-
Tricycle Body Framed

- *

Kerb Weight of e-
tricycle

60 60.0

Laden Weight ( Curb
Weight + Loading
Capacity including
driver , passenger ,
and luggage)

140 140.0

Run Distance (for a Full
Charge of Battery , to
be tested with full load
at maximum AIS-040 ))

75 *

Turning Radius (mm) 1150 1150.0

Wheel Base (mm) 780 780.0

Power Transmission
from Motor Shaft to
Wheels

chain & sprocket type chain & sprocket type

Please Specify other
Mechanical Mechanism
otherwise

- *

Type of Battery as per
AIS-048

Lead Acid *

Capacity of the Battery
approved by ICAT/ARAI
(Ah)

26 *

Battery Voltage
Nominal (Volt)

48 *

The Mounting of
Batteries in E-
vehicles shall be
such that they are
not displaced from
their place and there
is no spillage of
electrolyte when
vehicle is driven on
Gradient or any
aother type of road

Yes Yes

Maximum Overall
Dimensions of the
Battery ( L x Wx H )
(mm)

- *

Nominal Filled Weight 8 *

                               3 / 7



 

of the Battery

Motor Controller ( Must
Suitable for starting,
accelerating,
decelerating, driving ,
and stopping of E-
Vehicle

- *

Battery Charger 220/230V nominal
input voltage high
efficiency type

*

Charging Current 5 *

Type of Motor Brushless DC Motor *

Motor Output Power
,48V at Full Load (watt)

250 *

Overall Efficiency of
the e-tricycle ( to be
tested at Full Load
with maximum
speed as per
Concerned AIS
standards (%)

90 90

Gradeability of e-
tricycle

Yes *

Vehicle Integration Yes *

Seat Must be of Good
Quality with Proper
cushioning

Yes *

Certification
Parameters

Vehicle Certification
from VRDE/ICAT/ARAI

Yes *

If No, Vehicle
Certification from
Others Agency ,Name
of the Agency

- *

Vehicle Certification
Number and Date

- *

Constructional
Parameters

Seating Capacity
(Driver)

1 *

Length of e-tricycle as
per Gazette Notification
by Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014
(meters)

1.9 *

Width of e-tricycle as
per Gazette Notification
by Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct, 2014
(meters)

0.78 *

Height of e-tricycle as
per Gazette Notification

200 *

                               4 / 7



 

by Ministry of Road and
Transport Oct , 2014
(meters)

ISI marked chain Yes *

ISI marked front and
rear Tyre-tubes

Yes *

Size of Front Tyre (mm) - *

Size of Rear Tyre (mm) - *

Number of spokes in
front tyre

32 *

Number of spokes in
rear tyre

40 *

Brake Type ( Front ) - *

Brake Type ( Rear ) - *

Suspension System (
Front)

- *

Suspension System (
Rear )

- *

Battery Make as per
AIS :048:2009

Exide Exide

If others please specify
the Name of Brand
,Otherwise put NA (as
per AIS :048:2009)

- *

Equipped with Start
and Stop Button,
parking Lights , Back
lights with Reverse
Gear Facility

Yes *

Equipped with Fire
Extinguisher

No *

Vehicle lighting System LED based *

Reverse Gear Facility Yes *

Yellow Color reflective
tape on Front and Rear
Side of the Vehicle

Yes *

Equipped with First Aid
Box

No *

Instrument Panel
Containing
Speedometer and
Battery Charging
Indicator

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Speed of the e-tricycle
as per CMVR -2014
with latest amendment
(to be tested with Full

25 *

                               5 / 7



 

Load ) (kmph)

Battery Warranty
(years)

2 2

Number Of Free
Service

2 2

Complaince of Centre
of Gravity of Vehicle as
a Compulsory Norms
for Safety

Yes *

Confirming to
Applicable
Environmental Test

Yes *

Noise level must be
Low during Operation

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Babulal Kanwar 495677,Social Welfare
Building collector Office
Korba

94  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the

                               6 / 7



 

average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified

of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

