












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/702334

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Coal India Limited

Office Name Coal India Limited Hq

Total Quantity 100

Item Category telephone instrument single push button

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

Telephone Instrument Single Push Button ( 100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Connecting Cord
Length with each
instrument (mtrs)

3 *

Colour black/grey *

Hands free two way
speaker phone

Yes Yes

Mounting position Desk *

Connecting Jack RJ 11 *

Material ABS *

Alpha Numeric
Keyboard

Yes *

Weight (gms) 499 *

Alarm facility Yes *

DIALLING/RINGING
FEATURES

Mute Yes Yes

No of Ring volume
setting

4 *

Redial facility Yes *

Caller ID Yes Yes

No of selectable ring
melody tone

5 *

Flash Yes *

Ringing LED indication Yes *

Pause/Hold Yes *

Tone/pulse switchable Yes *

MEMORY No of Fast Dialing Keys - *

No of Incoming call
Memory

99 *

No of outgoing call
memory

18 *

No.of Memory for
redialing

2 *

DISPLAY DETAILS Display With With

No.of digits in
display

16 16, 15, 14

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/561CZXF1dg0IW4N0WVqiczKyb9B4ldmhlSWj8xSzraM


 

CERTIFICATE Availability of the Test
Report from TEC

Yes *

TEC approval Yes *

TEC certificate No(not a
part of biddable
parameter)

- *

TEC certificate
Date(not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

Validity of TEC
cerficate(not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anil Kumar Singh 700156,COAL BHAWAN
Premises No - 04, ACTION
AREA 1 A, NEW TOWN,
RAJARHAT, KOLKATA

100  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

3.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition

                               3 / 4



 

is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

4.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

