












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/690956

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Esic Hospital Kk Nagar, Chennai - 78

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Ultra low temperature laboratory deep freezer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 8



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Ultra Low Temperature Laboratory Deep Freezer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Standards

CE (with 4 digit notified
number)

CE (with 4 digit notified
number)

Certification number
and date

- *

Confirmity to standard
conforms to standards
IEC- 61010 for
electrical safety latest
amendment

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Purpose Used for storage of
various samples ,
sensitive stem cells,
plasma , semen , virus,
bone graft and other
biological samples

*

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Rp1n8PQTmD1pUApvoNWJW02WmQyMLDHO4NNtTsw2Hlk


 

Capacity in liters 400-450 L 400-450 L, 451-500 L

Freezer body Freezer should have
galvanised steel body
with tough powder
coated exterior finish
constructed on steel

*

Material of inside
chamber

SS *

Type of Cabinet Vertical Vertical

Ground clearance in
mm

100 mm *

Should have heavy
duty lockable
castors and levelling
for adjustments and
installation

Yes Yes

Refrigerants CFC-free, HCFC-free
non flammable
refrigerants

*

Refrigeration system
must be energy
efficient with pull down
time in hrs

5.2 hr *

Operating Temperature
with 1ᵒ C increment

minus 55ᵒC to minus
86ᵒC

*

Freezer must attain
-80ᵒC while operating
at ambient
temperature of 32ᵒC

Yes *

Number of holding
racks

15 15

Control system Fully programmable
microprocessor
controlled with
membrane keypad and
eye level control panel

*

Number of inner
storage
compartments with
insulated doors and
adjustable height

3 3, 4

Freezer should have
heated air vent and
easily accessible front
panel air filter

Yes *

Digital temperature
display

Yes *

Should have battery
back up for the display

Yes *

                               3 / 8



 

and security lock for
the display

Alarms Alarms for audible and
visible alarm system
for unwanted
temperature rise,
sudden power failure ,
system failure and
battery low

*

Noise level in dB 50 *

Energy consumption
rate (@KWh/day)

2 *

Stabilizer should be
capable to run any
voltage between 190V -
270 V

Yes *

Double door with
locking lids

Yes *

Availability of
decompression valve
facility to lower air
pressure inside freezer
for easy door opening

Yes *

Panels Vacuum polyurethane
foam panels

*

Number of
compressor

1 1, 2

Temperature uniformity ±3ᵒC or less *

Temperature stability
of system

±3ᵒC *

Warranty of Stabilizer
in Years

2 *

Warranty of Freezer
(except compressor)
in Years (from the
date of installation)

3 3

Warranty of
compressor in years

3 *

Additional Parameters Vacuum insulation
panel

Yes *

Freezer must have
washable condenser
filter indicator which
should keep fins free of
dust to maintain peak
cooling efficiency

Yes *

One 5KVA servo
stabilizer to be supplied
with freezer

No *

                               4 / 8



 

CO₂ cylinder should be
supplied with freezer
for backup

Yes *

Number of corrosion
resistant racks

2 2

Pairs of Cryogloves
to be provided

1 1

Number of Ice
scraper to be
provided

1 1

Tempearture Chart
recorder to be
provided

Yes Yes

Availability of USB
port to download
event log and
freezer setting

Yes Yes, No

Reports Manufacturer should
have ISO certification

Yes *

ISO certification date
and number

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nirmala Natarajan 600078,ESIC HOSPITAL
ASHOK PILLAR ROAD KK
NAGAR CHENNAI

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting

                               5 / 8



 

the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

15.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of

                               6 / 8



 

the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

16.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

17.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

18.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

19.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

20.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

21.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 3 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Quarterly after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of Service & Maintenance of entire equipment including
accessories and replacement of spares (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance
Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC
Performance Security for 10% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2 months (if
there is no other claim).

22.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope Entire
equipment including accessories (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming compliance
by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of this
compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

23.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a

                               7 / 8



 

time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

24.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

25.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of ESIC Fund
Account Number 1  payable at Chennai.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

26.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of ESIC Fund Account Number 1  payable at Chennai. After award of contract,
Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

