












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705379

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Secr

Total Quantity 1000

Item Category food service glasses and cut glass dishes tumblers
bowls mugs cups saucers vases

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Food Service Glasses And Cut Glass Dishes Tumblers Bowls Mugs Cups
Saucers Vases ( 1000 set )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Glassware conforms to
As Per IS:1961 Latest

Yes *

Item Cut glass -Tableware
Type

Drinking
Glass/Tumblers

Drinking
Glass/Tumblers

Designe Colour of Cut glass Transparent *

Handle Without *

Artistic design,
Pattern and Logo

Machine Crafted Machine Crafted

Lid Without Without

Inner side of
glasswares

Plane surface Plane surface

Spout Without Without

Material Types of Glass Soda glass Soda glass

Grade of Glass Material Food Grade Glass *

Dimension Nominal Capacity,ml
(ml)

250 250

Min. Thickness,mm
(mm)

2.5 2.5

Top
diameter/width,mm
(mm)

75 75

Bottom
diameter/width,mm
(mm)

65 65

Overall height,mm
(mmm)

105 105

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/usBJeNdFuK8v-dedAfWa-xqWuLYzAM6OxBYfxTZU9uM


 

Weight of single
piece,gm (gm)

220 220

Performance Suitable for
microwave oven

Yes Yes

Temperature
difference withstand
capability for
Thermal shock,deg.C
(deg.C)

50 50

Set No. of pieces in a set
(Nos.)

6 *

Test Report Test Report No 8480004643 *

Test Report Date 11082017 *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test furnished by Yes *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Manish B
Wankhede

492008,NEAR URKURA
RAILWAY STATION POST
W.R.S COLONY

1000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 10
samples for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be

                               3 / 4



 

borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

