












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699160

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nhpc Ltd., Chutak Power Station

Total Quantity 5

Item Category Welding Hand-Shield for Eye Protector

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 4



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Welding Hand-Shield For Eye Protector ( 5 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Item Item Welding Hand-Shield
for Eye Protector

*

Shape of Protection Three Side Three Side, Four Side

Specification Conformity to
Specification

IS 5983 latest *

Product is BIS marked No *

Material Material of Ocular Toughened Glass Plastic, Toughened
Glass, Laminated Glass,
Untreated Glass

Type Type of Filter Welding Filter Welding Filter, Ultra
-Violet Filter, Infra -Red
Filter, DayLight Filter

Designation of Filter 2.0 *

Type of Oculars (b) Organic Oculars (a) Mineral Oculars, (b)
Organic Oculars, (c)
Laminated Oculars

Optical Requirement Astigmatism For
Unmounted Oculars

Spherical Effect For
Unmounted Oculars,
Astigmatism For
Unmounted Oculars,
Prismatic Effect For
Unmounted Oculars,
Spherical Effect For
Mounted Oculars,
Astigmatism For
Mounted Oculars,
Prismatic Effect For
Mounted Oculars

Specific
Requirement

Oculars with filtering
action

Oculars with filtering
action, Oculars without

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/gIkNW_wQ7r3yf4UTdQk-gzcThUrxD5CyQzlp3F1_hqQ


 

filtering action

Dimension Length of Ocular (in
MM)

125 100, 125, 150, 175,
200

Width of Ocular (in
MM)

125 100, 125, 150, 175,
200

Length of Handle (in
MM)

110 *

Width of Welding
Hand-Shield (in MM)

110 *

Height of Welding
Hand-Shield (in MM)

150 150, 175, 200, 225,
250, 275, 300

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
confirmity to
specification

- *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Binod Kumar
Singh

194103,Chutak Power
Station, Minji, Kargil,
Laddakh

5  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership

or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for

                               3 / 4



 

rejection.
4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and

has at least 1 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

