












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704945

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name School Education And Literacy

Organisation Name Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan

Office Name Satna2

Total Quantity 50

Item Category Classroom Tables

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant

                               1 / 5



 

contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Classroom Tables ( 50 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of supply Assembled ready to
use

Assembled ready to
use

Shape of the table Rectangular Rectangular

Style of table Supported by set of
Legs

Supported by set of
Legs

Design of table With four legs only With four legs only

Loading capacity of
table top in KG ( ±5 Kg)

150 kg *

Foot Rest Provided YES *

Approval of Advance
sample (in respect of
design)

Yes *

MATERIAL Table Top Material Prelaminated Particle
Board

Prelaminated Particle
Board

All side Beeding on
edges of table top

2.0 mm thick PVC tape
with the help of hot
melt glue

*

Shoes Material Plastic *

Padestal (Under
structure)

Mild Steel Square
Section of outside side
minimum 25 mm and
wall thickness
minimum 1.2 mm

Mild Steel Square
Section of outside side
minimum 25 mm and
wall thickness
minimum 1.2 mm

Foot Rest Material MS square pipe of 25
mm with wall thickness
of 1.02 mm (18 gauge)

*

Frame material MS square pipe of size MS square pipe of size

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/zadWlvSYEKhhvUSi30U_hK4zcmP9QY5kw924soH51F8


 

25 mm with wall
thickness of 1.02 mm
(18 gauge)

25 mm with wall
thickness of 1.02 mm
(18 gauge)

Leg material 25 mm MS pipe heavy
duty

25 mm MS pipe heavy
duty

DIMENSION Table Top Length
±10(mm)

700 mm 700 mm

Table Top Width
±10(mm)

470 mm 470 mm

Table Height
±10(mm)

750 mm 750 mm

Table top thickness 19 mm 19 mm

MISCELLANEOUS Connecting of leg Adjacent side of leg Adjacent side of leg

Number of buffers Four number at bottom *

Welding Joint To be smooth finished -
Sharp edges to be
removed -Free from
objectionable
projection or
irregularities

*

Top to be fitted N.A *

Number of Bolt 2 bolt in length side
and 1 bolt in width side

*

Size of Bolt 8 mm dia *

Placements of Nut and
Bolt

50 mm inside from
each side edges

*

Iron parts To be without Joint in
length

*

Table placed on even
surface

Not to wobble *

Distance between legs Length of table top
(minus 75 mm) x Width
of table top (minus 75
mm)

*

COLOUR & FINISH Table top finish As per Buyer's choice *

Paint / Polish As per Buyer's choice *

Colour of Paint As per Buyer's choice *

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand

YES *

BIFMA certification NO *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES *

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015

NO *

                               3 / 5



 

certified

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

NO *

Green guard
certification

NO *

WARRANTY WARRANTY PERIOD 1-year 1-year
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Navin Kumar
Singh

485113,Ward No . 17
Kripalpur Satna

50  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name VVN KV 2 Satna Account No. 741902050000002
IFSC Code UBIN0564176 Bank Name Union Bank Branch address Transport Nagar Satna
485001. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in the
transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy /
proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase

from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid

                               4 / 5



 

is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have

Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.
7.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service

personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

8.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

