












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700685

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 17-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 17-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Department Of Home

Organisation Name New Delhi Municipal Council, Ndmc

Office Name New Delhi Municipal Council

Total Quantity 36000

Item Category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  148 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  148 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 593856

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 36

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Executive Engineer (E) Store-II
New Delhi Municipal Council, NDMC Tees January Market, Tees January Lane, Near-Lok kalyan Marg
Metro Station, New Delhi-110011
(Surender Kumar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012

                               2 / 6



 

dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
4. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Power Cable For Direct Burial Xlpe Ugac Cable ( 36000 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Buying Through bidding only *

Size of Cable (in
Sq.mm)

400.0 400.0

Number of cores
(nos)

3.5 3

Cable Type Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming
to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming
to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

BIS marked yes *

BIS certificate number - *

Armouring Galvanised steel Strip
armoured

Galvanised steel Strip
armoured

Armouring Type single wire or strip
armouring

single wire or strip
armouring

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Lhg6dnW6eCVX0rgzJLAXpp4DKBf-1rPsjmFd8Ucileo


 

shape of conductor Stranded and Shaped Stranded and Shaped

CONSTRUCTIONAL Number of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

size of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

Material of conductor Aluminium EC Grade *

Weight of finished
cable per meter

- *

In addition to marking
requirements as per
relevant specification,
sequential marking for
length, Size of the
cable, Type of the
cable and Drum
Number shall be
embossed on every
metre of the cable

yes *

standard cable length
on a drum

250 meter for size
240sqmm and above.

*

Part length which can
be supplied by seller
(meter)

- *

cable to be supplied on
wooden drums
conforming to IS:
10418/82 with latest
amendments.

yes *

Quantity supplied shall
not be more than the
ordered quantity.

yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity to the
specification for
minimum and
maximum ratings.

yes *

Type Test Certificate
No.

- *

Type Test Certificate
date

- *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer

yes *

                               4 / 6



 

on demand
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Surender Kumar 110011,VIDYUT
BHAWAN,APJ KALAM
ROAD,NEW DELHI

36000  60

Special terms and conditions for category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable 

1.Specification for Cross linked Polyethylene insulated thermoplastic sheathed cables" is as
per IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 with latest amendments including amendment no.5. Manufacturer
shall furnish calculation sheet as per Appendix-C of IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 amdt., no.5 to
buyer/consignee on demand. (Gem Category: Cross linked polyethylene and XLPE insulated
PVC outer sheathed cable with aluminum conductor suitable for rated voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988 with latest amendment including amendment
no.5)

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

2.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

