












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/694331

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Stores Ncr Hq

Total Quantity 32790

Item Category Handloom Cotton Pillow Covers

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 RITES

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 26232

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
PFA/NCR/Prayagraj
GM office complex PFA/NCR/Prayagraj office Subedarganj Prayagraj
(Pfa/ncr/prayagraj)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Handloom Cotton Pillow Covers ( 32790 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MANUFACTURE Manufacturing Type Handloom *

SPECIFICATION Technical specification
of the product ( basic

Pillow Cover Handloom
as per BIS specification

*

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/prIhkLJFBPFaUrvvIwmHJespgLAnlM2NmyorVEemb1M


 

material ) no. IS : 745 : 2003,
Latest

Variety No as per
BIS specification/
Mass (gram per
square mtr)

Variety No - 12/ 140 g Variety No - 12/ 140 g

SIZE/ DIMENSIONS Size ( Length X
Width ) ( Outside,
including Border )
(cm)

50 X 36 50 X 36

Width of Border
(mm)

30 30

Width of Flap (mm)
(min)

100 100

COLOUR Colour White Bleached White Bleached

Colour as per Buyer's
requirement

- *

STITCHING Sewing Thread 16 dtex X 6 as per IS:
1720

*

LOGO AND MARKING Logo/ Totem Marking As per buyer's
requirements

As per buyer's
requirements

Screen Printed
Identification
Marking
(longitudinal
Running Strip)

As per buyer's
requirements

As per buyer's
requirements

Handloom Mark Yes Yes

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL /
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of

Yes Yes

                               3 / 5



 

supply
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anwar Ahmad 284003,Office of Dy.Chief
Material Manager General
Store Depot Jhansi

4258  90

2 SANJAY KUMAR
DUBEY

208004,General Store Depot
North Central Railway Tat
Mill Chauhara G.T. Road
Kanpur

28532  90

Special terms and conditions for category Handloom Cotton Pillow Covers 

1.After award of contract, if required by buyer, seller shall have to get Advance Sample
approved from Buyer before manufacturing / starting Bulk Supplies.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

2.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid,
the Inspection Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by
it, as Reference Sample to each consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for
comparing the lot received at consignee end with such reference sample. Such reference
samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall be borne by
the Buyer.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the

following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): RITES 
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Consignee

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of 
PFA/NCR/Prayagraj  payable at Prayagraj.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

