












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704553

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Urban Development Department Karnataka

Organisation Name Directorate Of Municipal Administration

Office Name Dudc Mandya

Total Quantity 24

Item Category GPS Tracking System

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 8



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

GPS Tracking System ( 24 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GPS Specification Type Of Modem Multi Band GPRS
Modem

Multi Band GPRS
Modem

Multi Band GPRS
Modem Frequency
(MHz)

1800 *

Minimum Data Rate
(Uplink) (kbps)

85.6 *

Minimum Data Rate
(Downlink) (kbps)

85.6 *

GPS Receiver GPS L1 C/A-Code *

Acquisition Channels
(Minimum)

100 50, 100 Or higher

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/e6XZNDBiD4e0wpLFqZwnuuhJUsbq96wADFsABvssBTI


 

Tracking Sensitivity
Minimum (dBm)

-150 *

Horizontal Position
Accuracy (meter)

3 *

Compatible Satellite-
based Augmentation
System (SBAS)

Wide Area
Augmentation System
(WAAS),European
Geostationary
Navigation Overlay
Service
(EGNOS),MTSAT
Satellite Augmentation
System (MSAS),GPS-
aided GEO Augmented
Aavigation (GAGAN)

*

Hot Start Time less than 1 sec *

Antenna for GPS
Receiver and GPRS
Modem both

Yes *

Automotive Electronics
Council (AEC) - Q100
qualified GPS Chip

Yes *

GPS Manufactured in
ISO/TS 16750 Certified
Sites

Yes *

Built-in storage to store
the data for minimum 1
day if the device is out
of network

Yes *

Data Backup for GPRS
Dark Zones (Minimum)

20000 *

Distance and Time
Based Hitting

Yes *

Cell tower location
information for GPS
Dark Zone

Yes *

Availability of SIM Yes *

General The tracking system
has built-in GPS
combining with
advanced AGPS
called EASY
(Embedded Assist
System) and proven
"always Locate
Technology"

In Compliance In Compliance

Hardware Specification Enclosure Material ABS *

Ingress Protection
Rating of Enclosure (IP)

67 *

                               3 / 8



 

LED Indicators On,Ignition,GPS,GPRS *

Availability of
Emergency Alerts
(Panic)

Yes *

Tamperproof Device Yes *

Device Tampering
Alarm

Yes *

RS 232 port for RFID
Card Reader

Yes *

Power Source 30 *

Battery Backup
(minimum)

6 *

Maximum Power (Sleep
Mode)

11.6 *

Maximum Power
(Transit Mode)

33.5 *

Standard accessories
to be supplied with the
unit

- *

Minimum Operating
Temperature

-20 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

55 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (RH) (%)

5 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (RH) (%)

95 *

Dimensions (L x B x D)
(mm x mm x mm)

- *

Weight (Including
Batteries)

170 *

Certification RoHS Compliant Yes *

Other Certifications
available

UL,CE,FCC *

Conformance to ISO
:16750, Road vehicles
—Environmental
conditions and
electrical testing for
electrical and
electronic equipment,
is an ISO standard
which provides
guidance regarding
environmental
conditions commonly
encountered by
electrical and

Yes *

                               4 / 8



 

electronic systems
installed in automobiles

Software Feature Compatibility to
operate with the mobile
devices

Yes *

Alert/Notification
facility

Yes *

Alert/Notification
method

Server Based and SMS
Both

*

S/W is capable to allow
tracking of all vehicles
from same screen with
option to search/select
individual
State//City/Geo
Location

Yes *

Availability of Data
Backup for 365 days

Yes *

S/W is capable to
download/upload the
data of previous year

Yes *

uptime of Server to be
more than 90%

Yes *

Availability of Map for
Tracking

Google *

Option to see Earth
View and Satellite View
through

Google,Bhuvan *

Uptime of the
application to be more
than 99%

Yes *

IP Rights Product Design and
Firmware IP Rights -
Owned by the OEM

Yes *

Software Solution Code
IP Rights - Owned by
the OEM

Yes *

Warranty Warranty 3 1, 2, 3 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               5 / 8



 

ng Officer

1 K R 571401,District Urban
Development Cell, Office of
the Deputy Commissioner,
Mandya

24  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.SLBR52
9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
10.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

                               6 / 8



 

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Standard Certificates/ test
reports prescribed by the concerned authorities .

12. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

14.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

15.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 21 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

16.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

17.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

18.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Project Director, DUDC, Mandya A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should
certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of
the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in

                               7 / 8



 

place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15
days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

