












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712711
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Municipal Corporation Of Greater Mumbai (mcgm)

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Zone1

Total Quantity 182

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder Turnover,OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  40 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 24563

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant

                               1 / 3



 

category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Executive Engineer
ZONE1, Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM), N/A,
(Pradnya Dnyaneshwar Saraf)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 40% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 182 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Product Class OEM OEM

Brand HP HP

Type of
Cartridge/Consumable

Toner Toner

Colour of
Cartridges/Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum Model
number

HP 28A Black Original
LaserJet Toner Cartridge

HP 28A Black Original
LaserJet Toner Cartridge

Corresponding Part
number/ code

CF228A CF228A

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

HP LaserJet Pro M403d
Printer,HP LaserJet Pro
M403dn Printer,HP LaserJet
Pro M403n,HP LaserJet Pro
MFP M427dw Printer,HP

HP LaserJet Pro M403dn
Printer, HP LaserJet Pro
M403d Printer, HP LaserJet
Pro M403dw, HP LaserJet
Pro M403n, HP LaserJet Pro

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/HFiiWiv5sIbPgUVug8Hpbxcb-7mlVi_ALZK7qZuLIzs


 

LaserJet Pro MFP M427fdn
Printer,HP LaserJet Pro MFP
M427fdw Printer,HP LaserJet
Pro M403dw

MFP M427dw Printer, HP
LaserJet Pro MFP M427fdn
Printer, HP LaserJet Pro MFP
M427fdw Printer

Yield of the Cartridge as per
ISO/IEC:19752/2004(E)for
BK & ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

3000 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Smeeta Rajesh Zore 400018,S.O. department, E Moses
Road, Worli, Mumbai

182  15

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1.In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM cartridges are supplied
to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of indigenously
manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be older than nine months while
accepting the material. In case it is found to be more than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected
by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC) Certificate only after
verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the same in the machine
so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters subject to its genuineness having already
been verified at the time of issue of Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by Sellers on GeM against
OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller from any transaction in future including any
other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make OEM

Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1.In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been provided and can be

accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through HP SureSupply app or by using
Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on the cartridge security seal. After the scan process
of the QR code, a validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively the Sl. No. of the
cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP
website. The detailed procedure to check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl
visit the Hp website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

