












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/696208

  Dated: 03-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Rajkot Municipal Corporation

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Central

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Backhoe Loaders

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  14 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  112 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank ICICI

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 84000

                             1 / 10



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank ICICI

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DEE Auto
centralworkshop Opp. Sitaram weighbridge Nr. Amul circle Bhavnagar roAD , Rajkot Municipal
Corporation
(Kasundra Prakash Mahendrabhai)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Backhoe Loaders ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                             2 / 10



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification
Parameters

Vehicle Certification ARAI *

Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Compliance to IS
20474-4 for EARTH-
MOVING
MACHINERY—SAFETY
REQUIREMENTS FOR
BACKHOE LOADERS

Yes *

On Buyer's
Demand,Test
certificate

Yes *

Generic Parameters Engine Model - *

Engine Maximum HP
(BHP@ RPM) (range)

71-90 49-55, 56-70, 71-90,
91-96

Engine Maximum HP
(BHP@ RPM)

76 *

Engine Rated RPM 2200 *

No of Cylinders (Nos) 4 *

Engine Bore (mm) 106 *

Engine Stroke (mm) 135 *

Engine Cooling System Water Cooled *

Max Torque (N-
m@rpm)

305 200 - 430

Fuel Injection system - *

Torque Backup
(%)REM)-III A

- *

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS III BS III, BS IV Or higher

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule of
CMVR 1989) (Km/Ltr)

7 *

No of Air Cleaner 2 *

No of Fuel Filters 3 *

Type of Gear Box Synchroshuttle type *

No of speeds Forward
(Nos)

4 *

                             3 / 10

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Ekisz49FfNM7EmdIsp0QCxKBwSCqD6EuzJNtmkKzfNQ


 

Maximum Forward
Speed (Km/hr)

38 *

Maximum Reverse
Speed (Km/Hr)

38 *

Minimum Forward
Speed (Km/Hr)

6.1 *

Minimum Reverse
Speed (Km/Hr)

6.1 *

Power Steering Yes Yes

Steering wheel dia
(mm)

400 *

Brake type Disc Type(Oil
submerged)

*

Specific Fuel
Consumption (SFC)in
g/hp/hv (g/hp/hv)

190 *

Minimum Turning
Radius (mtrs or mm)
with brakes

4850 *

Minimum Turning
Radius (mtrs or mm)
without brakes

5500 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Litres)

128 *

Fuel Tank Oil Pan
Capacity (Litres)

128 *

Type of Wheel Drive Two wheel Drive Two wheel Drive

Front Tyre Size with ply
rating (mm)

- *

Rear tyer Size with ply
rating (mm)

- *

Minimum Ground
Clearance (mm)

300 More than 300.0 Or
higher

Backhoe Bucket Width 820 *

Backhoe Bucket
Capacities in Cubic
Metre with
locking/bolted teeth

0.3 Any applicable numeric
value

Backhoe Bucket
Digging Depth

5.05 3 - 6

Backhoe Bucket
Digging Force in Kgf

6324 Any applicable numeric
value

"Backhoe Bucket
Dipper Tear out
Force in Kgf"

3217 Any applicable numeric
value

"Backhoe Bucket 4.1-4.5 3.3-4.0, 4.1-4.5 Or

                             4 / 10



 

Loading Height in
metres"

higher

Backhoe Bucket
Loading Reach in
metres

5.7-8 5.7-8 Or higher

"Backhoe Bucket Reach
from swing Pivot"

5610 *

Type of Loader
Bucket

Bottom Dump Bucket Bottom Dump Bucket

Loader Bucket
Minimum Capacity

1 Any applicable numeric
value

Loader Bucket Dump
height in metres

2.81-3.10 2.20-2.50, 2.51-2.80,
2.81-3.10 Or higher

Loader Arm Break
out Force in kgf

5100 Any applicable numeric
value

Loader Bucket
Maximum reach at
full height in meter

1.24 0.5 - 1.5

Loader Bucket Pay
Load in kgs

1800 Any applicable numeric
value

Loader Bucket Dig
depth

120 Any applicable numeric
value

Operating Weight
(Kgs)

7630 5000 - 9000

Transmission Oil
Capacity (Litres)

17.5 *

Hydraulic Oil Capacity
(Litres)

120 *

Hydraulic Oil change
period

2000 Any applicable numeric
value

Di-Ethyl Ether Type
Cold starting Kit (to
start the CI engine upto
-25°C)

No *

Rock Breaker No *

Rock Breaker Operating
Weight

NA for without Rock
Breaker

*

Rock Breaker Operating
Pressure (Kgf/cm2)

NA for without Rock
Breaker

*

Rock Breaker Strike
rate (350 blows per
minute)min

NA for without Rock
Breaker

*

Constructional
Parameters

Instrument Panel Yes *

Hour Meter Yes *

Fuel Gauge Yes *

                             5 / 10



 

Temperature Gauge Yes *

Battery Charge
Indicator

Yes *

Horn Yes *

Oil Pressure Gauge Yes *

Battery Type Dry *

Battery Rating - *

Electrical Alternator - *

Electrical Starter - *

Front Lights Yes *

Rear Lights Yes *

Parking Lights Yes *

Brake Lights Yes *

Plough Lights No *

Indicators Lights Yes *

Overall Length (mm) 6100 *

Overall Width (mm) 2400 Any applicable numeric
value

Overall Height (mm) 3880 *

Wheel Base (mm) 2200 2000 - 2350

Cabin/canopy All
round visible cabin
With easy Walk
Through Access

Yes Yes

Cabin Instumental
panel with audio
indicators

Yes *

Cabin Instumental
panel with visual
indicators

Yes *

Rear view large convex
mirror

Yes *

Front screen wiper Yes *

Front and rear horn Yes *

Seating Plan Co-
Adjustable driver seat
with one helper seat

Yes *

Doors Front door with
fixed toughened glass
&amp; locking
mechanism with wiper

Yes *

Glasses Yes *

                             6 / 10



 

Paint Standard
automobile paint to the
exterior body as per
CVMR rules

Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Noise level at operator
s ear level (dB)

85 *

Vibration at seat No *

Vibration at seat (if
yes) (micron)

0 *

Average travel speed
(Km/hr)

22 *

Average fuel
consumption (litre/hr)

6 *

Average distance
travelled per litre of
fuel(Km)

4.75 *

Excavator loader to
perform various
functions such as
digging

Yes *

Dozing, Yes *

Grabbing, Yes *

Grading Yes *

Loading Yes *

Spreading Yes *

Warranty Time
(Month)

12 12.0

Operating hours
during warranty
period

2000 Any applicable numeric
value

Battery Warranty
(months)

12 12.0

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Kasundra Prakash
Mahendrabhai

360003,CENTRAL
WORKSHOP, RAJKOT
MUNICIPAL CORPORATION,

1  45

                             7 / 10



 

BHAVNAGAR ROAD, NR.
AMUL CIRCLE, OPP. SITARAM
WEIGH BRIDGE, Rajkot.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of
the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

                             8 / 10



 

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

11.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

12. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test

Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): VEHICLE DETAILS
SPECIFICATION .

14.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

15.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

16.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

17.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

18.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:

                             9 / 10



 

Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): BIDDER SITE
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: RMC WORKSHOP

19.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

20.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of COMMISSIONER RAJKOT MUNICIPAL CORPORTION A/C (Name of the Seller). The
bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            10 / 10

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

