












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714670
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Urban Development Department

Organisation Name Municipal Council

Office Name Talegaon Dabhade Municipal Council Pune

Total Quantity 5

Item Category Shovel Belcha

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any

                               1 / 3



 

Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Shovel Belcha ( 5 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Specification General Purpose Shovel as
per Part 1 of IS 274

General Purpose Shovel as
per Part 1 of IS 274

BIS Marked No No

CML No If BIS marked other
wise put NA

- *

Performance parameters Type of Shovel Square Nose Shovel
(General Purpose)

Square Nose Shovel
(General Purpose)

Type of Handle D- Grip D- Grip

Warranty in years 2 2

Material parameters Material of Shovel Blade Quality Steel Conforming to
IS 1570- 1951 with latest
amendment

*

Material of Rivets and Pins Rivet and pins shall be
made of mild steel

*

Material of Handle Shovel Shaft shall be
manufactured from any of
the timbers specified for
class IV handles in IS :
620-1975 with latest
amendment

Shovel Shaft shall be
manufactured from any of
the timbers specified for
class IV handles in IS :
620-1975 with latest
amendment

Dimensional parameters Mouth width of Blade in
mm (except round nose
shovel) + - 6 mm
tolerence

190 190

Length of Blade in mm +-
6 mm tolerence

330 330

Shoulder width of Blade
in mm + - 6 mm
tolerence

220 220

Weight of Blade in kg + -
10 tolerence

1.8 1.8

Length of handle in mm
+ - 10 mm

910 910

Thickness of Sheet of the
Blade in mm

70 *

Overall weight of Shovel in
kg

2.5 *

Additional parameters Exposed Metal portion of
the Shovel shall be painted
or coated with anti corrosive
paint

Yes *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/zmGpLNGJHHzTCONcWxchhhzmmk4mLVnfHvGYeKiGwLg


 

Shovel Blade reasonably
free from seams, spils,
cracks and other defect

Yes *

Shovel is provided with
handle

Yes Yes

Hardness of Blade shall be
with in the Range of 38 to
48 HRC

Yes *

Shall be securely packed in
suitable packing cases or
crates of size convinent for
handling in transit or
bundled and secured
suitably

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pramod Lalchand
Phule

410506,Plot No- 1-6, Laxmibaug
Colony, Talegaon Dabhade , Pune

5  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

