












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713349
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Panchayats And Rural Housing Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Surat District Panchayat

Office Name Surat

Total Quantity 28

Item Category Hemoglobinometer (Point-of -care)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Bidder Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  250000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with

                               1 / 4



 

the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.

Hemoglobinometer (Point-of -care) ( 28 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to Certifications - *

Certification number and
date

- *

Confirmity to Manufacturing
Standards

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Confirmity to Electrical
Safety Standards

IEC 60601-2 *

Performance Parameters UMDNS Name and Code 15146, Hemoglobinometers *

Point of care
hemoglobinometer

Yes Yes

Purpose A hemoglobinometer is an
instrument used to
determine the hemoglobin
content of the blood by
spectrophotometric
measurement. Portable
hemoglobinometers provide
easy and convenient
measurement

*

Type of Display Available LCD LCD

Measurement Range in
gm/dl

4 to 24 *

Measurement Method Photometry Photometry

Sample Mode Strip Strip

Accuracy in percentage 99.9 *

Detector type High sensitive silicon photo-
diode

High sensitive silicon photo-
diode

Sample Volume in range in
µL

0.2-0.8 *

Storage capacity in number
of samples

1000 *

Zero Setting Automatic Automatic

Calibration Factory Calibrated
according to ICSH

*

Self-checking Facility
avaliable between every
measurement

Yes Yes

Weight of system in gms 175 *

Shut off system Automatic *

Wavelength in nm 330 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/iVTwg1U6OfzQ-mNGWfbKFZIWJCKAp9jghtivK0mgW_k


 

Additional Accessories Lancets supplied with
item

50 50

Test Strips supplied with
item

50 50

Working temp and humidity Temp 5 - 50 degree Celsius,
Humidity 5% to 95%

*

Testing time in seconds 60 *

Power Requirements Battery Internal *

Type of battery Ni-MH Ni-MH

Number of tests
performed by the battery
with full charging

200 or more 200 or more

Miscellaneous Parameters User/Technical/Maintenance
manuals to be supplied in
English in hard and soft
copy

Yes *

Demonstration and training
to be provided at consignee
end

Yes *

The Principal Manufacturer
Must Have Direct
Presence/approved service
center In India

Yes *

Warranty in Years 1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

Copies of all certifications
and reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at time
of supplies

Yes *

Calibration certificate Calibration from factory Calibration from factory
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Patel Bittukumar
Bahadurbhai

394250,TALUKA PANCHAYAT
OFFICE, ICDS BRANCH TALUKA
PANCHAYAT, MAHUVA.

28  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

                               3 / 4



 

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid, the Inspection
Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by it, as Reference Sample to each
consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for comparing the lot received at consignee end with such
reference sample. Such reference samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall
be borne by the Buyer.

6.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25

percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

