












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705833

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Central Mine Planning And Design Institute Limited

Organisation Name Central Mine Planning And Design Institute Limited

Office Name Regional Institute 1

Total Quantity 2

Item Category sound measuring apparatus or decibel meter

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  100000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Sound Measuring Apparatus Or Decibel Meter ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

PERFORMANCE Measuring range
(dB)

30-130 30-130, 20-140, 50-114

Number of steps 3 *

Type of micro phone condenser piezoelectric,
condenser, electret,
dynamic

Resolution (dB) 0.1 0.01, 0.1

Peak sound level (dB) 50 *

Accuracy of dB
meter (dB)

±1 ±0.5, ±1

Performance
categories (class) of
dB meter

Class-1 Class-1

FEATURES Real time clock with
calendar

No Yes, No

Display LED LCD, LED, TFT, OLED

field calibration unit without with, without

Frequency weightings
Curve

A-weighting curve,C-
weighting curve

*

Time weighings fast,slow *

Remote operation
through serial

Yes Yes

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/4aCrrcPDmOmrxTXKsfUErzTBbBtWk78gob-b_5RmsMQ


 

interface RS
232/USB,
Compatibility with
mini computer using
terminal software

Storage capacity
(number of records)

0 *

GENERAL Dimension LxWxH (mm
x mm x mm)

- *

Weight of dB meter 255 *

Any other features,if
applicable

- *

POWER/BATTERY Type of battery Alkaline(Non-
Rechrgeable)

*

Capacity of battery
(mAH)

- *

Battery back-up in Hrs 70 *

Provision of charger to
work on AC supply

NA *

Auto cut off on low
battery

yes *

OPERATING CONDITION Minimum operating
temperature

0 *

Maximum operating
temperature

40 *

operating humidity 80 *

ACCESSORIES Standard accessories Battery charger,
Microphone,Briefcase
type carrying case,
Windshield,Operation
Manual

*

SERVICE Warranty 2 1, 2, 3, 4

CERTIFICATION Indian standard for dB
meter

Conforming to
IS:15575/(Pt.1 & Pt2)
2005

*

ISI marked No Yes, No

CML number 0 *

TEST REPORT DETAILS Availability of Type
Test Report from
central Govt/NABL/ILAC
Accredited Lab to prove
conformity to the
specification

No *

Test report No and date
(Not a part of biddable
parameter)

- *

                               3 / 5



 

Name and Address of
Lab (Not a part of
biddable parameter)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anand Shekhar 713304,CMPDI LTD.,
REGIONAL INSTITUTE-1, G.
T. ROAD (WEST), ASANSOL

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
AMC Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 10 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 10% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than

                               4 / 5



 

10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Authorization Certificate from
OEM, Undertaking for submission of Calibration Certificate from NABL Accredited Lab along
with supply of equipment, Undertaking for submission of Manufacturer's Test Reports along
with supply of equipment, Undertaking that they have not been banned by any Govt / PSU /
Private entity.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

