












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712782
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 13:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Chittaranjan Locomotive Works (clw)

Office Name 713331

Total Quantity 1200

Item Category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 4



 

Power Cable For Direct Burial Xlpe Ugac Cable ( 1200 meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Buying Through bidding only *

Size of Cable (in Sq.mm) 25.0 2.5, 25.0

Number of cores (nos) 2 2

Cable Type Cross linked polyethylene
and XLPE insulated PVC
outer sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated voltage at
1100 volts grade and
conforming to IS: 7098
Part-1 1988 with
amendment number 1 and
2 and 3 Reaffirmed 2005

Cross linked polyethylene
and XLPE insulated PVC
outer sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated voltage at
1100 volts grade and
conforming to IS: 7098
Part-1 1988 with
amendment number 1 and
2 and 3 Reaffirmed 2005

BIS marked yes *

BIS certificate number - *

Armouring Galvanised round steel wire
armoured

Galvanised round steel wire
armoured, Galvanised steel
Strip armoured

Armouring Type single wire or strip
armouring

single wire or strip
armouring

shape of conductor Stranded Stranded

CONSTRUCTIONAL Number of armouring
strip/wire for each size of
cable

- *

size of armouring strip/wire
for each size of cable

- *

Material of conductor Aluminium EC Grade *

Weight of finished cable per
meter

- *

In addition to marking
requirements as per
relevant specification,
sequential marking for
length, Size of the cable,
Type of the cable and Drum
Number shall be embossed
on every metre of the cable

yes *

standard cable length on a
drum

500 meter for cable size up
to and including 185 sqmm.

*

Part length which can be
supplied by seller (meter)

- *

cable to be supplied on
wooden drums conforming
to IS: 10418/82 with latest
amendments.

yes *

Quantity supplied shall not yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Lqayi3J5qjoZti_Z0INYbhepXMiP-dT9KC2RUOs4ZmQ


 

be more than the ordered
quantity.

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laboratory to
prove conformity to the
specification for minimum
and maximum ratings.

yes *

Type Test Certificate No. - *

Type Test Certificate date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report to be furnished
to the buyer on demand

yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ajoy Kumar Hira 713331,GM Building, CMM Office,
Chittaranjan

1200  21

Special terms and conditions for category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable 

1.Specification for Cross linked Polyethylene insulated thermoplastic sheathed cables" is as per IS:7098 (Part
1):1988 with latest amendments including amendment no.5. Manufacturer shall furnish calculation sheet as per
Appendix-C of IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 amdt., no.5 to buyer/consignee on demand. (Gem Category: Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE insulated PVC outer sheathed cable with aluminum conductor suitable for rated voltage
at 1100 volts grade and conforming to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988 with latest amendment including amendment no.5)

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local

suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

3.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

5.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the

                               3 / 4



 

bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

