












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703778

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Mahanadi Coalfields Limited

Office Name General Manager Materials Management Mcl Hqr

Total Quantity 84

Item Category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 11301

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

                               1 / 4



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Mahanadi Coalfields Limited
General Manager Materials Management MCL Hqr, Materials Management, MAHANADI COALFIELDS
LIMITED, Ministry of Coal
(Mahanadi Coalfields Limited)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

OEM Cartridge/ Consumable ( 84 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make ricoh

Model ricohprintcartsp300

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Brand RICOH RICOH

Product Class OEM OEM

Type of Cartridge/Co
nsumable

Toner Toner

Colour of Cartridges/
Consumables

Black Black

Ink/Toner/Drum
Model number

Print Cart SP300 Print Cart SP300

Corresponding Part
number/ code

406956 406956

Printer Model
number/numbers for
which Cartridge is
suitable

Aficio SP 300DN Aficio SP 300DN

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/tvw3vusCjiHwgfAHOm9-GntrpunNlqtPYI2uwQmiE4Q


 

Yield of the Cartridge
as per ISO/IEC:19752/2
004(E)for BK &
ISO/IEC:19798/2007(E)
for colour (Numbers)

1500 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Devi Prasad
Mohanty N

768020,MAHANADI
COALFIELDS LIMITED, AT &
PO - JAGRUTI VIHAR, BURLA

84  15

Special terms and conditions for category OEM Cartridge/ Consumable 

1. In case of OEM category of cartridges, the Sellers shall ensure that only the genuine OEM
cartridges are supplied to the Government Buyers. The following terms and conditions will
also be applicable:

1.The date of import in case of imported cartridges/ date of manufacture in case of
indigenously manufactured cartridges indicated on the package (box) shall not be
older than nine months while accepting the material. In case it is found to be more
than nine months, the cartridges may be rejected by the Buyer/consignee.

2.The consignee shall issue Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC)
Certificate only after verifying the genuineness of the OEM cartridges .

3.The package box of the cartridges may be destroyed immediately after loading the
same in the machine so that the same are not misused/reused by counterfeiters
subject to its genuineness having already been verified at the time of issue of
Consignee Receipt and Acceptance Certificate (CRAC).

4.Any instance of proven duplicate/compatible/refilled/counterfeit cartridge sold by
Sellers on GeM against OEM cartridges will necessarily lead to debarment of Seller
from any transaction in future including any other administrative action as required.

2.Guidance Note to the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP make cartridges :
1.The guiding procedure to be followed by the Buyers/Consignees for verification of HP

make OEM Cartridges as also available on their website is as under :
1. In case of HP make cartridges, on each cartridge , a security seal has been

provided and can be accessed by opening QR Code scanner app or through
HP SureSupply app or by using Smartphone's camera to scan the QR Code on
the cartridge security seal. After the scan process of the QR code, a
validation screen from HP website will be available and serial no. of the
cartridges on the QR code can be verified from the HP website. Alternatively
the Sl. No. of the cartridge on the security seal can be directly verified online
from the URL hp.com/go/ok of the HP website. The detailed procedure to
check the genuineness of Security Seal and the packaging, pl visit the Hp
website at URL HP anti-counterfeit | HP® India .

                               3 / 4



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Mahanadi
Coalfields Limited payable at Sambalpur.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

2.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right

or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

