












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710678

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Naga Palika Parishad Chitrakoot Karwi

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Hopper Tipper Dumper

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  30 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 7



 

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hopper Tipper Dumper ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Chassis Certification ARAI *

Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

At the time of supply of
the equipment, the
chassis should not be
more than 6 months
old

Yes *

Generic Parameters Type of TIPPER Garbage Tipper Garbage Tipper

Type of TIPPER if other
tipper ,please declare
type of Tipper,

- *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2JP22sdGr4Bef1o8DMl658X0cipny2hv1U7ncat2W2Q


 

Make of Chassis - *

Type of Chassis Frame - *

Category of Vehicle
for which Chassis to
be used

Medium Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Medium Capacity
Commercial Vehicles

Type of Chasssis Chassis with Facecowl *

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-IV BS-IV

Fuel Consumption (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Kmpl)

17.9 *

Speed, Max (Km/Hr) 90 *

Max Engine Power
BHP (BHP@rpm)

22.5 More than 22.5 Or
higher

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Power

3250 *

Max Engine Torque
(N-M@rpm)

48 More than 48.0 Or
higher

Rated RPM at Max
Engine Torque

210 *

Main Engine
Aspiration

Natural Aspiration Natural Aspiration

No. of Cylinder in Main
Engine (Nos)

2 *

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

30 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
with load( %)

24 *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

196 *

Wheel Base (mm) 2190 *

Kerb Weight (Kg) 890 *

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

1565 More than 1565.0 Or
higher

Type of BIS MARKED
Vehicle Tyre

Tubeless *

Chassis
Transmission System

Manual Manual

Number of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 *

Type of Steering Manual Manual

                               3 / 7



 

Turning Radius,Min
(mm)

8600 Less than 8600.0 Or
lower

Speed Governers/ECU Yes *

ABS Fitted No *

Front Vehicle Brake - *

Rear Vehicle Brake - *

Type of Clutch - *

Tipping Angle (Degree) 45 *

Tipper Container cap
acity/Volume(cubic
metres)

1.9 1.9 - 20.0 Or higher

Consructional
Parameters

Size Of Front Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size Of Rear Tyres
(mm)

- *

Size of Wheel (mm) 360 *

Tipper body Pivot
length (mm)

1250 *

Tipper body Length
(mm)

1510 *

Tipper Body Height
(mm)

1690 *

Overall Height of Tipper
from Ground (mm)

1880 *

Body Plate Thickness
(mm)

1.9 *

Main Frame Thickness
(mm)

54 *

Hydraulic System Yes *

Tipping Hydraulic
Cylinders(Make)

- *

Hydraulic System
Driven by

Main Engine *

Tipper Container
Material

Mild Steel Mild Steel

Thickness of sheet from
tipper Collector
Container Made (mm)

1.9 *

Dumping Height (mm) 1395 *

Engine Oil Pressure
Level Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

Fuel Gauge Indicator in
Control Panel

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

Engine Cooling Liquid
Temperature Indicator
in Control Panel

Yes *

Operating Hour Meter No *

Locking/Unlocking of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Lowering/Lifting of
Tipper Discharge
Container

Yes *

Counter Weight No *

If yes Counter Weight
(kg)

0 *

Paint Automotive Paint *

Performance
Parameters

Standard Sparewheel
and Tool Kit

Yes *

Warranty Time
(Month)

36 36.0

No. Of Free Service
(Nos)

3 *

Battery Warranty
(Months)

36 36 Or higher

Warranty Distance
(Km)(Unlimited during
warranty Period)

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SURENDRA
KUMAR MISHRA

210205,Nagar Palika
Parishad Chitrakoot dham
Karwi

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product

                               5 / 7



 

having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,

                               6 / 7



 

etc.
11.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for

supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

12.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

13. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
14.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
15.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose

credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

