












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703032

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name Department Of School Education And Literacy

Organisation Name Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (kvs)

Office Name Kendriya Vidyalaya Cmm Jabalpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Package No. 1 - ATAL TINKERING LAB OF NITI AAYOG
ELECTRONICS DEVELOPMENT, ROBOTICS, INTERNET
OF THI ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Package No. 1 - ATAL TINKERING LAB OF NITI AAYOG ELECTRONICS
DEVELOPMENT, ROBOTICS, INTERNET OF THI ( 1 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make instaprintz(trivimasolutionspvtltd)

Model instaprintzatlpackage1

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

BASIC INFORMATION Name of NITI AAYOG
Package

Package No. 1-Atal
Tinkering Lab of NITI
AAYOG Electronics
Development, Robotics,
Internet of Things and
Sensors

*

Conformity to
technical
Specification

As per QR/specification
for Package No. 1 - Atal
Tinkering Lab of NITI

As per QR/specification
for Package No. 1 - Atal
Tinkering Lab of NITI

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/9j9FZ8_2PGu4QmVHDUmAQSFg8V7iDTahliZFMlD6BRU


 

AAYOG Electronics
Development, Robotics,
Internet of Things and
Sensors approved by
NITI AAYOG(Approved
Copy of Qrs /
Specification uploaded
in GeM portal)

AAYOG Electronics
Development, Robotics,
Internet of Things and
Sensors approved by
NITI AAYOG(Approved
Copy of Qrs /
Specification uploaded
in GeM portal)

Availability of
QR/specification for
'Package No 1 - Atal
Tinkering Lab of NITI
AAYOG Electronics
Development,
Robotics, Internet of
Things and Sensors '

Yes Yes

All guidelines and
documents mention
on AIM portal (http://
aim(dot)gov(dot)in/g
uidelines-for-
school(dot)php)
have been read,
seen and understood
completely

Yes Yes

QR/specification and
scope of supply have
been read, seen and
understood
completely

Yes Yes

Acceptance of
QR/specification,
scope of supply , all
guidelines and
documents mention
on AIM portal
completely

Yes Yes

Acceptance of
complete Scope of
supply of Package
No 1 - Atal Tinkering
Lab of NITI AAYOG
Electronics
Development,
Robotics, Internet of
Things and Sensors
covers all
components /
accessories
complete as per
governing
QR/specification

Yes Yes

Features and
Functionality

ATL Equipment List
of Package No 1 -

60 Students 60 Students, 90
Students

                               3 / 5



 

Atal Tinkering Lab of
NITI AAYOG
Electronics
Development,
Robotics, Internet of
Things and Sensors
supplied for the
Batch of students

Vendors to provide
installation and
equipment training
to the schools on
handling and usage
of equipment, after
the delivery of
equipment, at no
additional charge

Yes Yes

Vendors to provide 2
years of
comprehensive
warranty at no
additional charge

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

QR/Spcn document View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Baijnath Pushkar 482001,KENDRIYA
VIDYALAYA, LEKHA NAGAR,
JABALPUR

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

                               4 / 5

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_info_so18353664_el01816433_pack/51/16/877/CategorySchema/qr_spcn_document/2018/6/22/package1-for-60-90-student-resized_2018-06-22-17-24-40_6f11fa8df0e9ae237d15e80e36b53d25.pdf


 

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

