












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700113

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 231

Item Category hazardous material protective footwear-RUBBER
KNEE AND ANKLE BOOTS

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 4



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Hazardous Material Protective Footwear-RUBBER KNEE AND ANKLE
BOOTS ( 231 pairs )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Governing Specification BIS specification No IS:
5557: 2004 Latest

*

Type Type 2 — Oil resistant Type 2 — Oil resistant

Varieties of
industrial protective
rubber boots:

Variety 1 (Industrial
protective rubber knee
boots.)

Variety 1 (Industrial
protective rubber knee
boots.)

SIZE Size of Boots Assorted sizes ( 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 and 12) as
per buyers
requirements

Assorted sizes ( 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10, 11 and 12) as
per buyers
requirements

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/UeX_-_SqW2-H-8EF9ZNQYROoqYVZ7yBj0ZKeORZ8z9M


 

COLOUR Colour Black *

MATERIAL The boots shall be
made of rubber with
fabric lining

yes *

Protective steel toe
caps Type II
conforming to IS 5852
shall be used

yes *

REGISTRATION Registration for product
with NSIC

Yes *

If yes,validity of
Registration Certificate

- *

If yes, registration
certificate number and
date

- *

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Buyers reserve the
right to get pre
inspection of stores by
a QA agency
nominated by him

yes *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes Yes

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Test Report to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               3 / 4



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajeev Kumar
Sharma

799012,Group Centre CRPF,
Agartala ( Tripura), Tripura,
West Tripura-799012

83  30

2 Ravindra Kumar
Sharma

782480,Group Centre, CRPF,
P.O.- Gautam Basti,
Khatkhati, Assam, Pin-
782480

50  30

3 Shahnawaz Khan 788030,Group Centre, CRPF,
Udarband, Dayapur, Silchar,
Assam, Pin- 788030

98  30

Special terms and conditions for category hazardous material protective footwear-
RUBBER KNEE AND ANKLE BOOTS  

1.After award of contract, if required by Buyer, Seller shall have to get Advance Sample
approved from Buyer before manufacturing / starting Bulk Supplies.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

