












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703295

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Karnataka

Department Name Urban Development Department Karnataka

Organisation Name Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development And
Finance Corporation (kuidfc)

Office Name Davanagere Smart City Limited

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Positive Pressure Ventilation Fan Blower

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 5



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Positive Pressure Ventilation Fan Blower ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Positive Pressure
Ventilating Blower

Yes, Designed to
protect personnel from
hazardous
environments by
ventilating toxic gases,
Smoke and Heat from
burning building and
rescue scenes.

*

Placement distance for
effective functioning
from the doorway of
the structure & Position
so that the cone of air
produced by the blower
completely seals the

2 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/fFRSPEpEAt35WKS9-7jBZeIBKCR0vRrbJJKxDgUPJ50


 

opening

Description A portable petrol driven
positive pressure
ventilator cart style
designed with rear
mounted wheels, a full
height frame, and a tilt-
up, full width handle for
easy positioning and
rapid deployment. Solid
rubber tyres
engineered to be in the
back (engine side) of
the fan to help protect
the shroud while
moving the unit and
allow the unit to be re-
positioned on the fire
scene without turning
your back to doorway.

A portable petrol driven
positive pressure
ventilator cart style
designed with rear
mounted wheels, a full
height frame, and a tilt-
up, full width handle for
easy positioning and
rapid deployment. Solid
rubber tyres
engineered to be in the
back (engine side) of
the fan to help protect
the shroud while
moving the unit and
allow the unit to be re-
positioned on the fire
scene without turning
your back to doorway.

CONSTRUCTIONAL Prime Mover 4 stroke air cooled
Petrol Engine

*

Drive mode Direct drive *

Petrol Engine Power
(HP)

5.5 *

Starting Mechanism Recoil Type starting Recoil Type starting

Make of the engine Honda *

Dimensions (LxWxH)
(mm)

- *

Frame Type welded steel Roll cage
frame

*

Weight of complete
unit including full
tank fuel

42.1 Less than 42.1 Or lower

Diameter of Fan ±10% 550 *

Fan Blade Material Aluminum 713 grade *

Safety Shroud to
prevent escape of Fan
Blade

Yes *

Platform Type Stable platform in
operation with no
"walking" when in use,
totally portable with
one person in mobility

*

Tilt control in upward
and down ward to
cover variations in
operation levels when
in used

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

PERFORMANCE Fan Speed (RPM) 3350 *

Flow Capacity ≥ 20000 CFM ≥ 20000 CFM

Fuel Tank Capacity in
single filling

suitable to last atleast
90 minutes of
continuous run

*

Proper Training to be
provided for using PPV
Technology for
ventilation

Yes *

CERTIFICATION Engine shall meet the
requirements of
provision of latest
environmental
protection rule issued
by Ministry of
Environment and
Forest, Govt of India

Yes *

Availability of Type
Test Report to prove
conformity of
parameters to the
specification from any
ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central Govt
Lab

Yes *

Test Certificate No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab where
test Conducted

- *

Product Warranty 2 More than 2.0 Or
higher

Service Warranty for
Parts from date
installation

5 More than 5.0 Or
higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Prashanth H Y 577004,#1776/A85/A86,
Siddaveerappa layout,
Shamanur Road,
Davanagere

1  30

                               4 / 5



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): REQUIRED
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: REQUIRED

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

