












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713319
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Directorate General Of Health Services-esat Delhi

Total Quantity 90000

Item Category Single Use Rubber Examination Gloves

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  900000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 3



 

Single Use Rubber Examination Gloves ( 90000 pairs )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

STANDARD Conformity to Indian
Standard

IS:15354 Latest *

GENERAL Sterility Non Sterile Non Sterile

Powder Free YES *

DIMENSIONS Size (Palm Width in mm) Small ( 80 mm) Small ( 80 mm)

MATERIAL Material Synthetic Latex Synthetic Latex

PACKING Packing for Golves As per manufacturer's
choice for Non-sterilized
Gloves

As per manufacturer's
choice for Non-sterilized
Gloves

Multi Units in one Packet
(Number)

100 100

MARKING ISI Marked Yes Yes

BIS Licence No (CM/L No) - *

REPORTS Submission of Test Report
on Form 39 or from Central
Govt./State Govt/NABL/IL AC
accredited Lab covering all
the Declared Parameters as
per IS Specification at the
time of supply

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Yogendra Singh 110032,F-17 Karkardooma, Near
Dr. Head Gewar Hospital

90000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk

manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 7
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/WlAZeddeIpKRsBZH5_JA2naFkb93CtcQgCR0ZpqwQPM


 

by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

