












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713845
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar

Organisation Name Urban Development And Housing Department

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Mehsi

Total Quantity 30

Item Category tricycle or rickshaw

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or

                               1 / 5



 

through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Tricycle Or Rickshaw ( 30 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Parameters Manufacturer Drawing No. - *

Generic Parameters Driving Mechanism Pedestal Chain Pedestal Chain

Length of Tricycle (mm) 2500 2500.0

Length of Cart (mm) 1350 1350

Width of Cart (mm) 800 800

Height of Cart (mm) 300 300

Number of Plastic
Containers with lid and
handle (Nos)

6 6

Capacity of the each
Container (Litres)

40 40.0

Material of the Container
and Lid

Virgin HDPE Virgin HDPE

Material of Handle of
container

- *

Loading Capacity of the
Tricycle (Kg)

- *

Constructional Parameters Frame Structure Made of MS Tubes Made of MS Tubes

Diameter of MS Tube
(mm)

12 12.0

Thickness of MS Tube
(mm)

1 1.0

Cart Frame Material MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

Material of Bottom Plate
of Cart

Mild steel plate Mild steel plate

Thickness of Bottom
Plate of Cart (mm)

1.6 1.6

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/-rVYwM3ZhltPfiVBwZT572INFIUOR5Gc2SbU7y4-b84


 

Holes in Bottom Plate of
Cart

Having 12 mm diameter
holes at a distance of 200
mm square Matrix

*

Lengthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

3 *

Widthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

1 *

Stiffener Material M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

Finish of Handle Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Chain Wheel Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Crank Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Front Rim Thickness (mm) 1 *

Number of Front Wheel
(Nos)

1 *

Type of Front Wheel Tyre Tube Wheel Tyre Tube Wheel

Front Rim Diameter (mm) 150 *

Front Rim Width (mm) 650 *

Number of Spikes in Rear
Wheel (Nos)

42 *

Diameter of Spike of
Front Wheel (mm)

620 620.0

Number of Rear Wheels
(Nos)

2 2

Type of Rear Wheels Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Rear Rim Diameter (mm) 620 620.0

Rear Rim Width (mm) 150 150.0

Rear Rim Thickness (mm) 620 *

Number of Spikes in Front
Wheel (Nos)

38 *

Thickness of Spike of
Rear Wheel (mm)

1 1.0

Daimeter/ Width of Spike in
Rear Wheel (mm)

10 *

Support Details of Rear
Wheels

- *

Minimum Wall thickness
of the Plastic Container
and Lid (mm)

1 1.0

Maximum Ash content of
the container and Lid
when tested as per
Annex D of IS
14887/2014 (%)

1 1

Pretreatment Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Colour of the Frame - *

                               3 / 5



 

Paint Ennameled Paint Ennameled Paint

Colour of the Cart - *

Manufacturer 's Name
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Year of Manufacturing
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Finish of Rim Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Colour of the Container and
Lid

- *

Accessories Parameters Bell Yes *

Two Reflectors at back Yes *

Type of Reflector Adhesive Tape *

Lock for locking the Tricycle Yes *

Tool Kit Yes *

First Aid Box Yes *

Tricycle Seat with Cover Yes *

Hangers for broom and
wiper

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vinod Kumar 845426,nagar panchayat mehsi 30  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

6.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be

                               4 / 5



 

taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk

manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

9.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer
before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

