












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712586
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Kaiga Karnataka

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as defined in
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for
supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an
MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in
relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

                               1 / 3



 

Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask ( 100 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Classification of filtering
Half mask

N95 of NIOSH FFFP1 TO IS
:9473:2002(Latest), FFP2 tO
IS :9473:2002 (Latest), FFP3
to IS :9473:2002(Latest),
N95 of NIOSH, N99 of
NIOSH, EN 149

Type of mask valve less valve less, With inhalation
valve, with exhalation valve,
with both inhalation &
exhalation valves

Use Single Single, Washable for reuse

STANDARDS ISI Marked Yes Yes, No

BIS Licence No (CML No) - *

MATERIAL Mask construction
material

Entirely inseparable fillter
material

Entirely inseparable fillter
material, Inseparable main
fillter & additional
replaceable pre-filter

Weight of single mask
(gms)

8 Any applicable numeric
value

CONSTRUCTION No of valves No single, double, No

Foldable Yes Yes, No

Nose clip with with, without

Head harness Self adjusting/Elastic adjustable, Self
adjusting/Elastic

Filter penetration S"Solid" *

Clogging perfomance D(Dolamite dust) *

REPORTS Submission of test repot on
form 39 or from central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab at the time of supply

YES *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Praveen Kumar
Lagudu

581400,Plant Site, Kaiga
Generating Station, PO: Kaiga

100  20

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/KL2R5_ngcbaHeCBPsgkcKwSgQutJRKQxe53IbCCjynI


 

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

