












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713123
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Cao/con/er/kolkata

Total Quantity 7

Item Category Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser ( 7 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/vv-7W-0cpeI6udlbsJTsj0g18J17qZCcPgumcGGF6aU


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

*

Type of Dispensing Spray Spray

Mounting Type Wall Mounted Wall Mounted

DESIGN Features available in
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

Built-in sensor for detection
of hand,Indicator
lamp,Electric Adapter

Built-in sensor for detection
of hand, Electric Adapter,
Indicator lamp

Sensing Range 0 - 4 inch *

Rated voltage 230V-50 Hz 230V-50 Hz

MATERIAL Body Material of
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

ABS Plastic ABS Plastic

DIMENSION Sanitizer Container
Capacity (in ml)

7001-8000 7001-8000

Dispensing Sanitizer Volume
in One Use(in ml)

3 *

COLOUR Colour White *

Warranty Warranty 1 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Snehangsu Mohan 700001,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF
ADMINISTRATOR OFFICER /
CONSTRUCTION EASTERN
RAILWAY, 14, STRAND ROAD,
KOLKATA-700001.

7  5

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local

suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

4.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are
validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this

                               2 / 3



 

regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.
5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

