












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705566

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Dg Armed Forces Medical Service

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Portable RO Plant For Haemodialysis

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  15 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

                             1 / 10



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 10710

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
CFA
DIRECTORATE GENERAL ARMED FORCES MEDICAL SERVICES, Department of Defence, DG Armed
Forces Medical Service, Ministry of Defence
(Adgafms E And S)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                             2 / 10



 

Portable RO Plant For Haemodialysis ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product name Portable RO Plant For
Hemodialysis

*

Clinical purpose To produce RO water
enough for two to five
dialysis machines

*

PRODUCT FUNCTIONAL
FEATURES

Should provide water
quality as per
ISO-13959/23500 or
AAMI standard for
dialysis

Yes *

Should be of compact
design trolley on
wheels for easy
movement

Yes *

The system should be
microprocessor based
and capable to display
parameters such as
input and output water
conductivity,feed flow,
permeable flow,reject
flow, temperature of
permeate waterand
pressure

Yes *

Minimum Plant
Capacity
(Liters/hour)

125 Ltrs/hour 125 Ltrs/hour

RO Plant suitable for upto 2 HD Machine upto 2 HD Machine

Hardness of feed water
should be less than 200
ppm

Yes *

RO plant should have
built in dual column
softener with fully
automated brine, fill
and clean cycles, also
have a brine tank
incorporated in the
system

Yes *

                             3 / 10

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/qH3Clg580sMuIMuxRcspSa82-hRCqzUZxZz3xH4V-_0


 

RO plant should have
built in cartridge type
Charcoal Filter

Yes *

Charcoal Filter size 5 micron *

Chemical disinfection &
decalcification system

Semi-
automatic/Automatic

*

Provision of
automated heat
disinfection of
internal flow path
and permeate loop

No No

Plant should have built
in cartridge filter

Yes *

Cartridge filter size 20 micron *

Should have
programmable fully
automated rinse cycle
for membrane wash

Yes *

Provision of OFF line
mode and ONLINE
mode of permeate
supply

Yes *

There should be a
water saving system in
place which adjusts the
output to the number
of machines in use and
control yield
accordingly

Yes *

Yield should be
between 50 to 70 %

Yes *

Plant should have
leakage sensor

Yes *

Provision of U‐V lamp
before RO membrane

Yes *

Should not have noise
level more than 65 dB

Yes *

Should have detailed
error reporting

Yes *

Alarm against low feed
water, high output
conductivity and low
rejection rate

Yes *

Provision of
software update via
SD Card or Ethernet

Yes Yes

ACCESSORIES AND
CONSUMABLES

All accessories and
consumables for
installation and

Yes *

                             4 / 10



 

standardization of
equipment required to
be provided for smooth
functioning of the
equipment

All spare parts and
consumables should be
available with the
supplier for a period of
at least 10 years after
commission

Yes *

ELECTRICAL FEATURES Should have auto
start/stop programming
Facility

Yes *

LED indicator on front
panel for status of
machine

Yes *

Power supply 220-240 VAC, 50Hz
fitted with Indian plug

*

Online UPS of
suitable rating to be
provided for power
back up of atleast 30
minutes in case of
power failure

No No

ENVIRONMENTAL
CONSIDERATIONS

The unit shall be
capable of being stored
continuously in
ambient temperature
of 0-40 deg C and
relative humidity of
15-90%

Yes *

The unit shall be
capable of operating
continuously in
ambient temperature
of 10 -40 deg C and
relative humidity of
30-85 %

Yes *

PACKING MODE The product should be
packed with all its
accessories and
consumables in such a
way that there will be
no transit damage
during transportation
till destination

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS &
REPORTS

Availability of test
report/quality
assurance report from
parent manufacturer

YES *

Product certification EU-CE/US-FDA/BIS *

                             5 / 10



 

Product Certificate No - *

Product Certificate
Date

- *

Product Certificate
issuing authority

- *

Four digit number of
notified body If product
is EU-CE certified

- *

Confirmity to
Manufacturer's
Certification (copy of
the same should be
submitted to buyer)

ISO 13485 *

Submission of all the
certifications and water
test report to the buyer
along with supplies

Yes *

INSTALLATION &
TRAINING

Supplier to perform
installation, safety and
operation checks
before handover

Yes *

Training of users in
machine operation,
trouble shooting
aspects and basic
maintenance shall be
provided

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier
and local service agent
to be provided

Yes *

WARRANTY Onsite comprehensive
warranty excluding the
membranes and
consumables (Yrs)

5 *

DOCUMENTATION User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English

Yes *

Certificate of
calibration to be
provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                             6 / 10



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********NEW DELHI 1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 7 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

5.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

6.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

7.Demurrage charges In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the
demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In
case the items are not lifted within a month, the same will be destroyed by the station board
of officers and no claim will be admitted.Demurrage charges. In case the rejected items are
not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total
contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within a month, the
same will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.

8.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

9.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

10.Packing Material The items will be supplied by the successful bidder in its original packing

                             7 / 10



 

material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing material will not
be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items will be counted. The
packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will not be accepted in
non-standardized weights.Packing Material. The items will be supplied by the successful
bidder in its original packing material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight
of packing material will not be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items
will be counted. The packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will
not be accepted in non-standardized weights.

11.Pre-Dispatch Inspection     The following Pre-dispatch Inspection clause will form part of
the contract placed on successful Bidder :-
(a) The CFL/ its representatives will carry out Pre-Despatch Inspection (PDI) of the stores in
order to check their compliance with specifications in accordance with its usual standard
procedures. Upon successful completion of such PDI, the Seller and CFL/ its representatives
will issue and sign a Certificate of Conformity as per the specimen at Form DPM-21
(Available in MoD website and can be given on request).
(b) The Seller shall provide all reasonable facilities, access and assistance to the CFL/ its
representative for safety and convenience in the performance of their duties.
(c) After completion of inspection the dispatch will be carried out under the supervision of
CFL dispatch team, as per priority given in DI issued by the Directorate General Supplies and
Transport, Integrated Headquarters of Ministry of Defence (Army).

12.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

13.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

14. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

15.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): By Board of Officers
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: By Board of Officers

16.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will

                             8 / 10



 

provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

17.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of in favour of CFA A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For
release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making
endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

18.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

19.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total
value.

20.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

21. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
22.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

23.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

24.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

                             9 / 10



 

25.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

26.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

27.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

28.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide
Comprehensive Maintenance Service for next 5 years for the offered products at the rate not
more than 3 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC
agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at above
mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made Biannually after
rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the
successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by
the buyer. CMC would include cost of 3 .5 % of quoted cost (Upload the undertaking). The
original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and
verification of AMC Performance Security for 5% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period
plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).

29.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

30.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

31.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope timely
services and maintainance and repair (Upload an undertaking with the bid confirming
compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking
onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

32.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            10 / 10

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

