












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705817

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Home Department Maharashtra

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Superintendent Of Police Nanded

Total Quantity 60

Item Category ROAD BARRIER

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                               1 / 4



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

ROAD BARRIER ( 60 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Item ROAD BARRIER ROAD BARRIER

SHAPE,DESIGN,COLOU
R

Shape of Barrier Trapezium Trapezium, L-shape,
Jersey shape, F-Shape,
Constant Slope, Others

Shape of base Rectangular Rectangular, Square

Barrier with filling
arrangement

Yes *

Drainage Provided Yes *

Filling Material water *

Colour of Barrier Red *

Reflective Tape on
the Barrier in the
middle for day/night
highly visibility

Yes Yes, No

Colour of Reflective
tape

White *

Space for message or
logo(mm)

Yes *

BUYER REQUIREMENT Marking / Reflective
Tape as per buyer
requirement

No *

Buyer requirement
making details (Hint:-
NA for not applicable)

- *

MATERIAL Material of Barrier Polypropylene HDPE, Polypropylene,
LLDPE

DIMENSION Height of barrier(in
MM)

1000 *

Overall Length of
barrier(in MM)

1500 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/TeUlpkrOn6d5dqhNcPDyeKdxrgOZamDDT6Gcv68VnU8


 

Overall Width of
barrier(in MM)

450 300, 350, 400, 450,
500, NA

Minimum wall
thickness at any
point(in MM)

3.5 1.0, 1.5, 2.0, 2.5, 3.0,
3.5, 4.0, 4.5, 5.0

Width of reflective
Tape ( in MM )

75 *

Top Length(in MM) 1400 *

Top Width(in MM) 200 200, 300, 400

Average wall
Thickness(in MM)

3.5 *

Inside volume of
barrier(in Litre)

80 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shamrao
Lachamanna
Yedpalwar

431601,Vazirabad Chowk,
Nanded

60  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): 5
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 5

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 3
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the

                               3 / 4



 

sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

