












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711264
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Information And Broadcasting

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Prasar Bharati Broadcasting Corporation Of India

Office Name South Zone

Total Quantity 2

Item Category PA Mixer

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  600000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 12000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 4



 

Beneficiary: 
Additional Director General ( Engg )
South Zone, NA, Prasar Bharati Broadcasting Corporation of India, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Chennai
(Adg E Sz Air And Tv)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

PA Mixer ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Type Digital Digital

Number of Channels 24 *

Inputs Mic,Line *

Outputs Main *

Signal to Noise Ratio (dB) 86 *

Impedance (ohms) 150 *

Built-in USB option Available *

Phantom Power (Volts) 48V *

Computer Connectivity Available *

Total harmonic distortion
(dB)

84 *

Treble (Hz) 20000 *

Bass (Hz) 20 *

On-board Effects Yes *

Number of Faders (Number) 24 *

Rack Mount Kit Not Available *

Dimensions (mm x mm x
mm)

- *

Weight (Kg) 20 *

Power Consumption (Watt) 130 *

Operating Temperature
Range (Degree C)

- *

Operating Humidity (RH %) 90 *

BIS Registration under CRS
of Meity

Exempted *

BIS Registration Number
and its validity

- *

Availability of Test Reports
from Central Govt/
NABL/ILAB acredited lab

- *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/LJDHRpw2Yh-x71T1DSZ4sMU2acg54NUXEDFgaofSV3I


 

covering all the declared
parameters as per
Governing specification

If Yes, Test Report Number - *

If Yes, Test Report date - *

If Yes, Name of the Lab - *

If Yes, Address of the Lab - *

Warranty (Year) 1 1
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 K Subramonian Iyer 695043,Deputy Director General
Doordarshan Kendra
Kodapanakunnu PO
Thiruvananthapuram

1  30

2 Nunna Venkata
Ramana

520010,Opposite TTD Kalyana
Mandapam Punnamma Thota
Vijayawada 520010

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

3.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

6.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
8.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for

meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 7
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit

                               3 / 4



 

the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

10.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

11.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of Servers/Desktop
Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier against warranty replacement.

12.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and has at least 3 years
residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-life by the OEM before this period.

13.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

14.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt also (besides PBG
which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in the name of ADG ( E ) SZ , ALL INDIA
RADIO & TV , CHENNAI A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn
only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released
in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped
along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in place of PBG
and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

