












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703307

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Indian Oil Corporation Limited

Organisation Name Marketing Division

Office Name Iocl Marketing Ero Admin And Welfare

Total Quantity 16

Item Category Television TV ( PAC Only ) 

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

Television TV ( 16 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make samsung

Model 32n5200

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Type LED Backlit LCD LED Backlit LCD

Screen Size (Inches) 32 32, 39, 40, 42, 43, 47,
49, 50, 52, 55, 60, 65,
70, 75, 77, 80, 82, 85,
86, 90, 95, 98, 100 Or
higher

Resolution (Pixels) (1920 x 1080) Full HD (1920 x 1080) Full HD,
(3840x2160) UHD Or
higher

Category Smart Smart Or higher

Operating System in
case of Smart TV

Tizen *

Static contrast Ratio 4000 : 1 *

Typical Brightness 300 - 399 300 - 399, 400 - 500 Or
higher

Screen Mirroring Yes *

Mount Type Both table and wall
mount

*

Inbuilt Speakers Yes *

If Yes, Wattage of
Speakers

10W x 2 10W x 2, 12W x 2, 20W
x 2 Or higher

Sub Woofers No *

Power Consumption
(Watts)

59 *

Ports & Connectivity Number of HDMI Ports 2 *

Number of USB Ports 1 *

Number of VGA Ports 0 *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

Built-in Wi-fi Yes *

Wi-fi Direct Yes *

Input Composite Input Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/uBwuMtfNe1B-Ih2ZbZJJsg1GZPm9vwHSGlYj8CFBd18


 

Component Input Yes *

RF Input Yes *

Accessories Built-in set-top Box Yes *

Details of accessories
(included in the scope
of supply)

Remote
Control,Connecting
Cable,Batteries

*

Certification BIS Registration as per
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number

41035750 *

Energy Star Rating
in line with the
Government of Indiia
Notification number
S O 1896(E) and S O
1897(E)

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

Generic Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

0 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

50 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

10 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

90 *

Dimensions (Length x
Breadth x Depth) (mm
x mm x mm )

737.4 x 465.4 x 150. *

Weight (Kg) 5.6 *

Warranty Warranty(Years) 3 3
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Md. Faisal
Rahman

700068,Indian Oil Bhava, 2,
Gariahat Road (South),
Indian Oil Corporation
Limited.

16  45

                               3 / 5



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

3.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

6.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

                               4 / 5



 

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Certificate from
OEM/Manufacturer authorising the seller.

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

13.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

