












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705544

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Power Grid Corporation Of India Limited

Organisation Name Power Grid Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Corporate Office Gurgaon

Total Quantity 70

Item Category Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  209930

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 3



 

Touchless Sanitizer Dispenser ( 70 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

*

Type of Dispensing Spray Spray

Mounting Type Wall Mounted Wall Mounted

DESIGN Features available in
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

Built-in sensor for
detection of hand,Wate
rproof,Anti-
Interference,On/Off
button,Indicator
lamp,Speed Dispensing
of liquid,Electric
Adapter,Liquid filling
arrangement,Adjustabl
e Dispensing Volume

Built-in sensor for
detection of hand,
Waterproof, Anti-
Interference, On/Off
button, Indicator lamp,
Speed Dispensing of
liquid, Electric Adapter,
Liquid filling
arrangement,
Adjustable Dispensing
Volume

Sensing Range 0 - 4 inch *

Rated voltage DC 6V DC 6V

MATERIAL Body Material of
Touchless Sanitizer
Dispenser

ABS Plastic ABS Plastic

DIMENSION Sanitizer Container
Capacity (in ml)

751-1000 751-1000

Dispensing Sanitizer
Volume in One Use(in
ml)

1 *

COLOUR Colour White *

Warranty Warranty 1 1, 2, 3, 4 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/SnuIh48Wkufxv3Ccw7gGMrEyRiV6WMF8bOtZTKoeRQU


 

1 Devendra Kumar
Pandey

800023,POWERGRID
CORPORATION OF INDIA
LIMITED, Eastern Region-I
Headquarter (ER-I RHQ),
Board Colony, Near
Transformer Repair Works,
Shastri Nagar, Patna, Bihar
800023

70  05

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

