












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714193
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Pipri Sonbhadra

Total Quantity 8

Item Category wheelbarrows

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  68000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or

                               1 / 3



 

through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Wheelbarrows ( 8 meter )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Conforming to Indian
Standard

IS 4184: 1967: latest for
Two wheels type Wheel
barrow

IS 4184: 1967: latest for
Two wheels type Wheel
barrow

Product ISI Marked No No

CM/L number - *

Nominal Capacity of
Wheel Barrow

110 Liters (Two Wheel Type
Wheel Barrow)

110 Liters (Two Wheel Type
Wheel Barrow)

Material used for
manufacture

Steel Sheets (Steel sheets
shall be not less than 1.60
mm in thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Steel Sheets (Steel sheets
shall be not less than 1.60
mm in thickness, and shall
conform to IS : 1079 )

Type of chassis frame Angle Angle

Wheel Material C.I. with cushioned
rubberised tyre

C.I. with cushioned
rubberised tyre

Minimum nominal width
of tyre (mm)

50 50

Minimum diameter of the
wheel (mm)

300 300

Minimum bearing length of
axle/spindle

25 mm at each end *

Type of bearing / bush Double Ball Bearing *

Maximum clearance
between the bearing and
axle (mm)

0.5 *

Finish of metal parts Two coats of black
bituminous paint
conforming to IS: 158- latest

*

Finish other than Two coats
of black bituminous paint
and Galvanised

- *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/I26FkPYQvuyONe382qC-oU_XaBY2eydRDsLH19wxMI4


 

Availability of Test Report
from NABL/ ILAC accredited
or Central Government Lab
to prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand

Yes *

Test report no - *

Test report date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 MUNNA PRASAD 231216,ROBERTS GANJ 8  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for

meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

3.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

