












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700008

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Gail India Limited

Organisation Name Gail India Limited

Office Name Vijaipur

Total Quantity 500

Item Category Plastic Wash Bottle

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 3



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Plastic Wash Bottle ( 500 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM Item Plastic Wash Bottle *

Material Material PolyPropylene PolyPropylene

Design , Colour Delivery Tube
Provided

No No

Delivery Tube In-
built in cap

No No

Colour of Bottle Natural Natural

Dimension Capacity (In Ml) 500 500

Minimum Thickness
at any Point of
Bottle (In MM)

1 1

Diameter of Bottle
(In MM)

36-45 36-45

Neck Diameter of
Bottle (In MM)

26-30 26-30

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Siddharth Kumar 473112,GAIL INDIA LIMITED 500  30

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jH2Jrt2mN-cHuRkGNaTczAfQoD8elzlIiAKKvsUGA98


 

GAIL COMPLEX VIJAIPUR
DIST-GUNA

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

