












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713716
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Railways

Department Name Na

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Eastern Railway

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Almirah Steel

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Almirah Steel ( 4 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1UYBzDC8ZGm_oSFIMN3wwn1kNczpDDKVjxeRpMUGchc


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Conformity to Indian
Standard IS:3312 latest

Yes Yes

No of shelves (Nos) 4 4

Type of Shelves Adjustable Adjustable

Locker Provided Yes Yes

Locking System with the
locker

NA NA

Cloth hanging provision in
the Almirah

No *

Number of Doors (Nos) 2 2

Door Stiffner upto full
door height Provided
with the almirah doors

Yes Yes

Number of Hinges with
each door (Nos) - No
hinges if having sliding
door with top hanging
arrangement

4 4

Number of Glass Sheet
fixed in each Almirah
door (Nos)

N.A N.A

Construction Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At Consignee
Site By The Seller

Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At Consignee
Site By The Seller

Lock Three Way bolting device
controlled by lock

Three Way bolting device
controlled by lock

MATERIAL Material M S Sheet conforming to
Quality Grade D of
IS:513/2008 with amend.
no. 1 (Not as per IS 3312)

M S Sheet conforming to
Quality Grade D of
IS:513/2008 with amend.
no. 1 (Not as per IS 3312)

Material of Almirah
Doors

M S Sheet M S Sheet

Sheet Thickness of
Locker

0.8 mm 0.8 mm

Length of Glass Sheet
±10 (mm)

N.A N.A

Width of Glass Sheet ±10
(mm)

N.A N.A

Sheet Thickness of door
in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Sheet Thickness of
sides,back , Top and
Bottom

0.7 mm minimum (Not as
per IS 3312)

0.7 mm minimum (Not as
per IS 3312)

Sheet Thickness of
Shelves

0.7 mm 0.7 mm

Sheet Thickness of
Pedestal in mm

0.8 mm (Minimum) 0.8 mm (Minimum)

Material of Lock lock having made of steel
with zinc plated finish
having brass levers and
MAZAK / ZAMAK bolts
having zinc plated finish
along with MAZAK / ZAMAK

lock having made of steel
with zinc plated finish
having brass levers and
MAZAK / ZAMAK bolts
having zinc plated finish
along with MAZAK / ZAMAK

                               2 / 4



 

handle handle

Material of Keys keys made of MAZAK /
ZAMAK having nickle plated
finish

keys made of MAZAK /
ZAMAK having nickle plated
finish

DIMENSION Height (Without
Pedestal) (in mm) (+/- 10
mm)

1980 1980

Width in mm (± 7 mm) 760 760.0

Depth in mm (±5 mm) 440 440.0

Inside Height of Locker
in mm (± 5 mm)

N.A N.A

Inside Width of Locker in
mm (±5 mm)

N.A N.A

Inside Depth of Locker in
mm (±5 mm)

N.A N.A

Width of Stiffner in mm
(±5 mm)

125 mm 125 mm

Thickness of MS Sheet of
Stiffner (in mm)

0.6 mm 0.6 mm

Stiffened Pedestal
height in mm (±2 mm)

125 125

Pedestal Width in mm
(±2 mm)

80 80

COLOUR & FINISH Finish powder coated powder coated

Colour of Paint ash gray *

Packing: Corrogeted Paper Packing *

CERTIFICATION ISI marked Yes *

CM/L No. - *

WARRANTY WARANTEE PERIOD IN
NUMBER OF YEARS

5 5

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajnish Kumar
Tripathi

711101,DRM Building Eastern
Railway Howrah

4  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are

validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase
preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail

                               3 / 4



 

the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is
not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price
band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 20% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

3.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as
defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 20% of total value.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

