












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44615

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 22-07-2020 17:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 17:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Communications

Department Name Department Of Posts

Organisation Name Kerala Postal Circle Department Of Posts

Office Name Kerala

Total Quantity 1

Item Category electronic digital postal franking machine

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  22 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

Estimated RA Value  550000

EMD Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 2750

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Superintendent of POs
Kerala, Department of Posts, Kerala Postal Circle Department of Posts, Ministry of Communications
(Anjana M)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

                               2 / 6



 

Electronic Digital Postal Franking Machine ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

PERFORMANCE
DETAILS

Type of printing Inkjet *

Duty Cycle Upper Mid Ended Upper Mid Ended

Minimum Franking
speed
(Articles/Hour)

10500 10500

Feeding Option Auto Auto

Weighing Capacity 5 5.0

Facility for creating
user accounts

Yes Yes

Number of user
accounts

100 *

Maximum Franking
value(Rs)

9999.99 *

Size of slogan die 22 *

Tape roll / label
capacity

50 *

Maximum envelope
size (mmxmm)

- *

Article thickness
holding capcity

12 *

Noise level at 1 Meter
distance

40 *

Number of digits in
Ascending register

12 *

Number of digits in
Descending register

10 *

Over all dimension
(HxWxD)
(mmxmmxmm)

- *

Power Supply 230 +/- 10% Volts, AC
50 Hz

*

GENERIC Fully automatic with
integrated Real time
clock (RTC)

Yes *

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/OkOod5w1_xJwZuYjMtuVcx7fqJM8LGIoWhpJO2_V2Rs


 

Integrated modem for
the remote server
connection for re-
crediting

Yes *

Facility of electronic
password and crediting
password

Yes *

Ink Alert Yes *

Provision of
programmabel and
user selectable slogan
dies

Yes *

Other Features - *

APPROVAL AND
WARRANTY

Approval by
Department of Post

Yes Yes

Approval Letter no and
date

- *

Warranty 1 1.0

ENVIRONMENTAL /
CERTIFICATION

Conformity to Dry Heat
test at 55 degree C for
16 hours as per IS
:9000

Yes *

Conformity to Damp
heat at 40 degree C -
95% RH (cyclic test):
two cycles of 16+8
hours as per IS: 9000

Yes *

Conformity to Cold test
at -10 degree C for four
hours as per IS: 9000

Yes *

Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report No and
Date

- *

Name and Address of
the Lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               4 / 6



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anjana M 695036,Office of SPOs TVM
South Division Chenthitta
Thiruvananthapuram 695
036

1  30 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

4.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

5. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide

AMC Service for next 3 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 5 % of
contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into an AMC agreement (
covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC

                               5 / 6



 

charges would be made Quarterly after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC
period. Performance Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept
the AMC contract when called upon by the buyer. The original Performance Security of
contract will be returned only after submission and verification of AMC Performance Security
for 5% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other claim).
(Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

12.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

