












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712850
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Hyderabad

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Portable RO Plant For Haemodialysis

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  15 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 60672

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for

                               1 / 7



 

Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Dean
ESIC Super Speciality Hospital, Sanathnagar, Hyderabad 500038
(Prof Srinivas M)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Portable RO Plant For Haemodialysis ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product name Portable RO Plant For
Hemodialysis

*

Clinical purpose To produce RO water
enough for two to five
dialysis machines

*

PRODUCT FUNCTIONAL
FEATURES

Should provide water
quality as per
ISO-13959/23500 or AAMI
standard for dialysis

Yes *

Should be of compact
design trolley on wheels for
easy movement

Yes *

The system should be
microprocessor based and
capable to display
parameters such as input
and output water
conductivity,feed flow,
permeable flow,reject flow,
temperature of permeate
waterand pressure

Yes *

Minimum Plant Capacity
(Liters/hour)

250 Ltrs/hour 125 Ltrs/hour, 250 Ltrs/hour

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jUiMndLM4FNTJhwN8fvYA80iVE22gPbVwHmWtojP3UQ


 

RO Plant suitable for upto 5 HD Machine upto 2 HD Machine, upto 5
HD Machine

Hardness of feed water
should be less than 200
ppm

Yes *

RO plant should have built
in dual column softener with
fully automated brine, fill
and clean cycles, also have
a brine tank incorporated in
the system

Yes *

RO plant should have built
in cartridge type Charcoal
Filter

Yes *

Charcoal Filter size 5 micron *

Chemical disinfection &
decalcification system

Semi-automatic/Automatic *

Provision of automated
heat disinfection of
internal flow path and
permeate loop

No Yes, No

Plant should have built in
cartridge filter

Yes *

Cartridge filter size 20 micron *

Should have programmable
fully automated rinse cycle
for membrane wash

Yes *

Provision of OFF line mode
and ONLINE mode of
permeate supply

Yes *

There should be a water
saving system in place
which adjusts the output to
the number of machines in
use and control yield
accordingly

Yes *

Yield should be between 50
to 70 %

Yes *

Plant should have leakage
sensor

Yes *

Provision of U‐V lamp before
RO membrane

Yes *

Should not have noise level
more than 65 dB

Yes *

Should have detailed error
reporting

Yes *

Alarm against low feed
water, high output
conductivity and low
rejection rate

Yes *

Provision of software
update via SD Card or
Ethernet

Yes Yes, No

ACCESSORIES AND
CONSUMABLES

All accessories and
consumables for installation
and standardization of

Yes *

                               3 / 7



 

equipment required to be
provided for smooth
functioning of the
equipment

All spare parts and
consumables should be
available with the supplier
for a period of at least 10
years after commission

Yes *

ELECTRICAL FEATURES Should have auto start/stop
programming Facility

Yes *

LED indicator on front panel
for status of machine

Yes *

Power supply 220-240 VAC, 50Hz fitted
with Indian plug

*

Online UPS of suitable
rating to be provided for
power back up of atleast
30 minutes in case of
power failure

No Yes, No

ENVIRONMENTAL
CONSIDERATIONS

The unit shall be capable of
being stored continuously in
ambient temperature of
0-40 deg C and relative
humidity of 15-90%

Yes *

The unit shall be capable of
operating continuously in
ambient temperature of 10
-40 deg C and relative
humidity of 30-85 %

Yes *

PACKING MODE The product should be
packed with all its
accessories and
consumables in such a way
that there will be no transit
damage during
transportation till
destination

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS & REPORTS Availability of test
report/quality assurance
report from parent
manufacturer

YES *

Product certification EU-CE/US-FDA/BIS *

Product Certificate No - *

Product Certificate Date - *

Product Certificate issuing
authority

- *

Four digit number of notified
body If product is EU-CE
certified

- *

Confirmity to Manufacturer's
Certification (copy of the
same should be submitted
to buyer)

ISO 13485 *

Submission of all the
certifications and water test
report to the buyer along
with supplies

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

INSTALLATION & TRAINING Supplier to perform
installation, safety and
operation checks before
handover

Yes *

Training of users in machine
operation, trouble shooting
aspects and basic
maintenance shall be
provided

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier and
local service agent to be
provided

Yes *

WARRANTY Onsite comprehensive
warranty excluding the
membranes and
consumables (Yrs)

5 *

DOCUMENTATION User/Technical/Maintenance
manuals to be supplied in
English

Yes *

Certificate of calibration to
be provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Keerthi A 500038,ESIC SSH SANATHNAGAR 1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

3.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence

                               5 / 7



 

of having Functional Service Centre.
5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

Service Support.
6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
8.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 2 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

9.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM shall have to provide
Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period as per contract. : The comprehensive
warranty shall be covering the following scope Comprehensive coverage (Upload an undertaking with the bid
confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of
this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

10.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

11.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

12.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

13.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

14.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of ESI Saving Fund Account No 1
payable at Hyderabad.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

15.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of Dean, ESIC
Super Speciality Hospital, Sanathnagar, Hyderabad A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that
the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the
FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly
signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

16.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft also (besides
PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in favour of ESI Savings Fund Account No 1 payable
at Hyderabad. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and
has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

17.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt also (besides PBG
which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in the name of Dean, ESIC Super
SPeciality Hospital, Sanathnagar, Hyderabad A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security
Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the
FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the

                               6 / 7



 

FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15
days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

