












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712649
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Kakrapar Gujarat Site

Total Quantity 180

Item Category Shoes Canvas Rubber sole - JSS Specification

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Shoes Canvas Rubber Sole - JSS Specification ( 180 pairs )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

SPECIFICATION Technical Specification of
the Product

Shoes, Canvas, Rubber sole
as per defence specification
No. JSS 8430-05:2015,

*

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/z5r3bZozAUcBoAbdtRFE1gopEGpCpNiAURf82-XVLzs


 

(Revision No.3), available at
Directorate of
Standardisation Department
of Defence Production
Ministry Of Defence,'H'
block Nirman Bhawan PO,
New Delhi - 110-011

Specification has been seen
and understood

Yes *

COLOUR Colour White *

SIZE Size 8 8, Assorted Size as per
buyer's requirement

REGISTERATION Whether registered with
any Defence Authority

No Yes, No

If registered, name of
Registration Authority

- *

Registration Certificate No
and Validity

- *

TEST REPORT Availability of Test
Report from designated
AHSP/ NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

No Yes, No

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand, if
claimed to be available

Not applicable *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s) for
buyer's approval before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Kamleshkumar
Gemalsinh Khengar

394651,KAPS PLANT SITE, PO
ANUMALA, DISTRICT TAPI,
GUJARAT

180  15

Special terms and conditions for category Shoes Canvas Rubber sole - JSS Specification 

1.After award of contract, when specified in the Bid, Seller shall have to get Advance Sample(s) approved by the
Buyer before starting Bulk Supplies. The Seller shall submit the Advance Sample(s) within 7 days from the date

                               2 / 3



 

of placement of the order. The buyer shall approve or otherwise the Advance Sample(s) within 7 days from the
date of receipt of the Advance Sample(s).

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are

validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

