












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704791

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Oil And Natural Gas Corporation Limited

Office Name Assam Mm

Total Quantity 390

Item Category Buy Back - Stationary Value Regulated lead acid
batteries

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1335753

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 26715

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

                               1 / 8



 

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
LIMITED
ASSAM ASSET MM, NA, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited, Ministry of Petroleum and Natural
Gas
(Ongc)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Buy Back - Stationary Value Regulated Lead Acid Batteries ( 390 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Scope of Buy back Cells / Battery with buy
back means exchange
of one new unit with

Yes *

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/CwTTylksD3C_Rpwb-5iGV-Ytb6t9kXxZX_Y1bGXCaT4


 

one old unit

Description of New
Battery to be supplied
by Seller

Stationary Value
Regulated lead acid
batteries conforming to

IS: 15549/2005 with
Amendement 1 and 2
latest

*

BIS Marked No No

BIS Marked if ''YES"
declare BIS License
Number (CM/L Number)
If "NO" write NA

- *

Battery Voltage 2 Volt 2 Volt

Battery Capacity (in
Ah) at 10 H Rate

300 Ah 300 Ah

Material of
Container

Polypropylene Co-
polymenr (PPCP)

Polypropylene Co-
polymenr (PPCP)

Material of separators
as per Cl. 4.5 of
IS:15549:2005 latest

Glass Mat *

Battery supply
condition condition

Factory Charged
Condition

*

CONSTRUCTIONAL Material and
construction for
Containers, Cell Lids,
Plates, Electrolyte,
Terminal posts,
Fasteners, Connectors
and Separators as per
Cl. 4 of IS:15549:2005
latest

Yes *

Marking as per Cl. 8 of
IS:15549: 2005 latest

Yes *

Application of battery Float *

Number of cells per
battery

1 Cell for 2 Volt Battery 1 Cell for 2 Volt Battery

Method of
connections between
cells

Bolted Bolted

Over all dimension of
each battery (Length x
Width x Height) in mm
- Must declare

- *

Weight of each battery
(in Kg) - Must declare

- *

Instructions/Manuals
shall be furnished for
procedure and
monitoring the health
of battery during
maintenance and
preventive measures

Yes *

                               3 / 8



 

required

Warranty (in Years) 3 3

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of complete
and satisfactory type
test Report from
Central Government /
NABL/ ILAC accredited
laboratory to showing
conformity of the
Specification

Yes *

Test report Number - *

Report date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
to the buyer/consignee
on demand

Yes *

Description of Old
Battery to be given by
Buyer

Old battery shall be of
similar volt and Ah
(with +/-15% tolerance
in Ah) but need not to
be of same make /
brand

Yes *

Old battery may not be
in working condition

Yes *

The seller will collect
the old Cell/Batteries
from buyer end /
consignee end at its
own cost either at the
same time of delivery
or after delivery of new
cells / battery

Yes *

Manufacturer / Seller /
Supplier should have
all valid licenses as
applicable and meet all
Govt., inustrctions and
guidelines / Gazette
notifications update as
applicable to dispose of
old cells / batteries

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               4 / 8



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Tukheswar
Buragohain

785640,CENTRAL STORES,
ONGC, SIVASAGAR

390  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by
the Government of India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification
of GST concession and the conditions for eligibility of concession are met by the institution.
A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the Seller after award of the Contract.
Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the Concessional rate of GST.
Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : 03/2017 dated 28/06/2017

2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

4.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of %age of GST Cost of %age of GST Quote of

                               5 / 8



 

Fresh
Good (A)

GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Buyback
item (D)

GST on
Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

Amount
on

Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

the
Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.

                               6 / 8



 

Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of ONGC
Limited payable at Sivasagar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of ONGC Limited payable at
SBIN0004797.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

7.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name ONGC Limited Account No. 10637162283 IFSC Code SBIN0004797 Bank
Name State Bank of India Branch address ONGC Colony Sivasagar Branch Sivasagar Assam
India.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

9.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

10.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

11.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

                               7 / 8



 

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

13.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
14.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee

Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of ONGC Limited payable at Sivasagar. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can
upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to
the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

15.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name ONGC Limited Account No. 10637162283 IFSC
Code SBIN0004797 Bank Name State Bank of India Branch address ONGC Colony Sivasagar
Branch Sivasagar Assam India. Successful Bidder to indicate Contract number and name of
Seller entity in the transaction details field at the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to
upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days
of award of contract.

16.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

