












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/695650

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 13-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 13-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Heavy Industries And Public Enterprises

Department Name Department Of Heavy Industry

Organisation Name Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (bhel)

Office Name Hep Bhopal

Total Quantity 7000

Item Category battery cell

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 3



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Battery Cell ( 7000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Confirming to Indian
Standard

Multipurpose Dry
Battery Cell as per
IS:8144

Heavy duty battery cell
as per IS:9128,
Multipurpose Dry
Battery Cell as per
IS:8144

Type of batteries R06 R06

ISI marked Yes *

CM/L No. - *

No. of Cells per pack 10 1, 2, 4, 10, 20

CONSTRUCTIONAL Leak Proof Yes *

FUNCTIONAL Nominal Voltage (Volts) 1.5 *

CERTIFICATIONS Applicability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accrediated Lab
covering all the
declared parameters as
per IS specification

Yes *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Secondary Cells and
Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-
acid Electrolytes-Safety
Requirements for
Portable sealed

- *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/pGDlw4LauDVyahMHzfCshHGdtPI-bT47wiiEoADquT8


 

secondary cells, and for
Batteries made from
them for use in
portable applications
Complusory
Registration(CRS) of
BIS for safety as per IS
16046 as applicable

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Vishnu Agrawal 462022,BHARAT HEAVY
ELECTRICAL LTD, PIPLANI

7000  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): NA
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: CRX BHEL BHOPAL

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

