












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713627
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Urban Development Department

Organisation Name Municipal Council

Office Name Talegaon Dabhade Municipal Council Pune

Total Quantity 40

Item Category safety boots or industrial gum boots-PVC

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the

                               1 / 3



 

last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Safety Boots Or Industrial Gum Boots-PVC ( 40 pairs )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Governing Specification Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 12254 (Latest)

*

Certificate ISI Marked Yes Yes

CML No. (If ISI Marked) - *

Material Material PVC *

Relative density of the
material (Max)

1.25 *

Knitted Fabric lining With With

Steel Toe Cap Confirming
to Type 2 of IS
5852:1992)

With With

SIZE Boot Size Assorted Sizes (5, 6, 7, 8, 9,
10 and 11 ) as per buyers
requirements

Assorted Sizes (5, 6, 7, 8, 9,
10 and 11 ) as per buyers
requirements

OTHER REQUIREMENTS Compliance to cold flex
requirement as per
clause 5.13 of IS 12254
Latest

Yes Yes

STYLE AND END USER End User Men Men

Boot Style Ankle Ankle

Leg Height of Boot (mm) 152.4 *

No. of Eyelets at each face (
in case of Ankle Boot)

- *

Colour Colour Black *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

Yes Yes

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Test Report No - *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/VGHf2KZPLW-0gmXrVq6Y3capGNqhpKAp2IcBR5GomqE


 

Test Report Date - *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand, if
claimed to be available

Not Applicable *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s) for
buyer's approval before
commencement of
supply

Not Applicable Not Applicable

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pramod Lalchand
Phule

410506,Plot No- 1-6, Laxmibaug
Colony, Talegaon Dabhade , Pune

40  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be

provided in Buyer’s standard format only.
3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are
validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

