












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/704183

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Pmo

Department Name Department Of Atomic Energy

Organisation Name Nuclear Power Corporation Of India Limited

Office Name Kaiga Karnataka

Total Quantity 12

Item Category Envelopes

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent

                               1 / 4



 

Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Envelopes ( 12 packet )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Indian Standard Non-Conforming to IS Non-Conforming to IS

Type Type of Envelope Type -I (Pocket Shape) *

Material of Envelope Others Machine Glazed Cover
Paper, Ledger Paper
with plastic coating
inside, Maplitho
Printing Paper (white),
Others

Dimension and Size Dimension excluding
Flap (mm)

Non -conforming to IS Non-conforming to IS,
Non -conforming to IS

Dimension excluding
Flap (Non-
conforming to IS)
(mm)

304.8 x 254 304.8 x 254

Envelope Size
Symbols

NULL NULL

Grammage of Paper
(GSM)

100 (Non IS) 100 (Non IS)

Size of Envelope Other SE10, Other

Central Seam NA *

Colour and Printing Colour of Envelopes White *

Printing as per
Buyer's Requirement

With (Single colour) With (Single colour)

Physical Characteristics Window in Envelope Without *

Opening of Envelope Top slide opening *

Cotton Lining Without Without

Preglued Flap Without Without

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/bw5I3Cuya5H_c2ASHPmvhvSWTxYY-MIJLU5AH52y5Lo


 

Bottom Flap NA *

Top Flap 7 cm *

Side Gate(on three
sides)

NA *

Lamination of
Envelope

With With

Cloth Lining With Jali Without Without

Closed woven cotton
cloth having not less
than 24 threads per
inch per lining
inside(both wrap and
weft)

NA *

Packing Pack of 100 Envelopes Yes *

Weight Weight of a Packet
(gm)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Praveen Kumar
Lagudu

581400,Plant Site, Kaiga
Generating Station, PO:
Kaiga

12  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               3 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

http://www.tcpdf.org

