












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712644
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Textiles

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Central Sericultural Research And Training Institute (csrti)
Mysore

Office Name Karnataka

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Metal Shelving Racks

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Metal Shelving Racks ( 4 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/hJm6G1jVz-SMaoYd89hdLQgMl7_iGRJ-uZugN00DRQg


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Type OPEN TYPE OPEN TYPE

Pigeon Holes without *

Number of
Shelves/Compartments (Top
/ Ceiling Shelf - not to be
counted)

7 *

MATERIAL Shelves Material 1.0 mm Thick MS Sheet
Conforming to Commercial
Quality CR-1, Grade 340 of
IS 513

1.0 mm Thick MS Sheet
Conforming to Commercial
Quality CR-1, Grade 340 of
IS 513

M S Sheet Thickness of
Shelves and Back
(Minimum) in mm

1.0 *

Sides, Back and Partition
Wall Thickness (Minimum)
(mm)

MS Sheet 1.2 mm *

Angle Posts Material and
size

Rolled steel angle posts of
40 X 40 X 3 mm

*

DIMENSION Depth in mm (±5 mm) 500 500

Width in mm (±5 mm) 900 900

Height in mm (±5 mm) 2175 2175

Bin Strip Height in mm (±1
mm)

25 *

CERTIFICATION Conformity to Indian
Standard

NOT AS PER IS *

Test reports to be furnished
to buyer on demand

No *

MISC Number of Pigeon Holes
Equally Spaced in Each Row

na *

Paint Powder coated Powder coated, Powder
coated with Lead Free Paint

Colour OTHER *

Packing Bubble Sheet Packing *

No of Gussets 4 *

Ground Clearance in mm
(+/- 2 mm)

45 mm *

Label Holder No *

WARANTEE WARANTEE PERIOD IN
NUMBER OF YEARS

1 1

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               2 / 4



 

1 N Unnikrishnan 570008,Central Sericultural
Research & Training Institute,
Central Silk Board - Ministry of
Textiles, Manandavadi Road,
Srirampura, MYSURU

4  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide AMC Service for next 

1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 10 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the
right to enter into an AMC agreement ( covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful
Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Quarterly after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC period. Performance
Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the AMC contract when called upon by the
buyer. The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of
AMC Performance Security for 10% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other
claim). (Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

2.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide Comprehensive
Maintenance Service for next 1 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 10 % of contract price
per annum. Buyer reserves the right to enter into a CMC agreement with the Successful Bidder / OEM after
expiry of the Warranty period at above mentioned rate and the payment for the CMC charges would be made 
Quarterly after rendering of the CMC Services of the relevant CMC period. Performance Security of the successful
bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the CMC contract when called upon by the buyer. CMC would include
cost of 0 (Upload the undertaking). The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after
submission and verification of AMC Performance Security for 2% of total CMC value valid up to CMC period plus 2
months (if there is no other claim).

3.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM shall have to provide
Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period as per contract. : The comprehensive
warranty shall be covering the following scope good maintenance (Upload an undertaking with the bid
confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM is taking onus of
this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder undertaking)

4.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

5.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 5
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

6.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid
Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case
of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and
Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service.
Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered
product or service.

7.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase
preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is
not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 10 % of margin of purchase preference /price
band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 10% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

                               3 / 4



 

Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

