












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709824

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Urban Development And Urban Housing Department
Gujarat

Organisation Name Directorate Of Municipalities

Office Name Kalol Nagarpalika

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Automatic Fully Mechanised Organic Waste Machine
for Compost ( PAC Only ) 

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  14 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  100 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Automatic Fully Mechanised Organic Waste Machine For Compost ( 2
pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make greeneraengineering

Model ge500ss

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of Plant Fully Automatic,
Aerobic

*

Type of Waste Domestic Food waste +
horticulture waste

*

Type of machine Fully Automatic (PLC
Based)

Fully Automatic (PLC
Based)

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/AoF-djwsI_iYQ-_gcbuxT9gw6f3LisTRCa8F3kxzvsI


 

Reprocessing
Capacity of Machine
(Kgs)

500 500

Process Continuous (operation
24x7hrs)

*

Chamber volume
(approx Six times to
reprocessing
capacity of machine)
(ltrs)

3250 for 500 kgs
reprocessing capacity

3250 for 500 kgs
reprocessing capacity

Material of vessel and
shaft

SS – 304 of suitable
thickness

*

Material of body
cover

SS – 202 of suitable
thickness

SS – 202 of suitable
thickness

Machine should have
no sharp edges, welds/
joints should not be
visible outside

Yes *

Gear Motor (BEE star
rated)

Yes *

Gear Motor (BEE star
rating)

3 3

Gear Motor Planetary Gear (Direct
drive)

Planetary Gear (Direct
drive)

Gear Motor of reputed
make / BIS/ ISO quality
parts should be used

Yes *

Heating System Thermic Oil Thermic Oil

Dimension of Machine 2774 X 1432 X
1554mm

*

Power Consumption
(KW)

Max 15 for 500 kgs
reprocessing capacity

Max 15 for 500 kgs
reprocessing capacity

Power requirement 440 V, 3-phase,above
100kg

440 V, 3-phase,above
100kg

Waste Shredder Shred waste up to
25mm. Output 0.5 mm,

*

Twin Shaft Shredder Yes *

Capacity Twin Shaft
Shredder (Kg/hr)

250 250

Material of Blade of
Twin Shaft Shredder

SS-304 SS-304

Blade Thickness of
Twin Shaft Shredder

5 5.0

Material of Hopper of
Twin Shaft Shredder

SS-304 *

Sheet thickness of 2 2.0

                               3 / 7



 

Hoper of Twin Shaft
Shredder

Motor of Twin Shaft
Shredder

Yes *

Feeding into
Shredder

Manual Manual

Electric Motor Power
Rating for Twin
Shaft Shredder
confirming to IS:325
latest revision

3 3.0

Stand Alone Control
Panel with minimum
degree of protection IP
- 53 conforming to
IS-2147

Yes *

All control panel parts
should be of standard
brands quality parts
should be used

Yes *

Material of Canopy
of control panel
confirming to
IS:2062 latest

SS-302 SS-302

ISI Marked MCB/Relay Yes *

Standard ISI Marked Air
Blower

Yes *

Air Blower with damper
control

Yes *

Air flow capacity of
Air Blower (Cubic ft)

250 250

Motor of Air Blower Yes *

Electric Motor Power
Rating for Air Blower
confirming to IS:325
latest revision

1 1.0

Motor and Blower have
overload and current
protection

Yes *

All control panel parts
should be of standard
brands Quality parts
should be used

Yes *

Bioculture
requirement

Yes Yes

Type of Bioculture Aerobic Mircrobial
Culture

*

Odour Control Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

Powder/agent

Output compost Quality
as per Fertilizer Control
Order Standards

Yes *

Compost production Minimum 20 -25 % of
input waste quantity

*

Condition and State of
output Compost

Enriched and Dry *

Output Compost - Easy
to pack in bags

Yes *

Compostable
material removal

Once in 24 hours for
continuous plug system

Once in 24 hours for
continuous plug system

Temperature of
digester

60 Deg. C +/- 10 Deg.
C

*

Safety Features Emergency switch,
overload indication
function and Safety
Switch Safety feature:
Internal mixing blades
automatically stop
when input door is
opened

*

No harmful gases like
Ammonia, Sulphur di-
oxide, Methane, Carbon
di-oxide should be
generated

Yes *

confirm the stipulated
guidelines of CPCB &
SWM Rules, 2016

Yes *

Comprehensive
Warranty of Plant

6.5 6.5

Noise Level of Plant
during Operation
(dB)

65 65

Harmful Emission by
the Plant

No *

Burning and Chemical
use

No *

Certification Norms and
Specifications

As per Solid Waste
Management Rules
2016 and conforming
to FCO compost Quality
Standard

*

Availbility of Test
Report from Central
Government/NABL for
compost quality

Yes *

Test Report No GL/FT/191010007 *

                               5 / 7



 

Test Report Date 10/10/2019 *

Name of the Lab Gujarat Laboratory *

Address of the Lab Ahmedabad *

Original Test reports to
be produced on
demand to Buyer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Chirag Ashokbhai
Patel

382721,Kalol Nagarpalika 2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

3. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than

                               6 / 7



 

3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

10.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

11.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

12.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

13.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

14.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

15.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

