












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705471

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Technical Education And Man Power Planning
Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name Directorate Of Technical Education Government Of
Madhya Pradesh Bhopal

Office Name Indira Gandhi Engineering College Sagar Mp

Total Quantity 180

Item Category Revolving Chair

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  15 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  120 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 7



 

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Revolving Chair ( 180 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Pedestal Base ABS Plasstic with
ABS/Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5
Nos, of 50 mm Size

ABS Plasstic with
ABS/Nylon Twin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5
Nos, of 50 mm Size

Arm Material pu foam bonded
chrome coted

pu foam bonded
chrome coted

seat material pressed and moulded
plywood with
polypropylene cover

pressed and moulded
plywood with
polypropylene cover

Density of PU foam
used in seat KG per Cu
Meter (+/- 3)

35 *

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/dwKIAeXclGXqbHWn1n2boXhzYCWRrgekFVESu_Xo_4g


 

Density of PU foam
used in backrest in KG
per Cu Meter (+/- 3)

40 *

Material of Fabric
Back Cover /
Material for Backrest

Leatherite mesh fabric, Innner
frame Upholstered with
Mesh fabric and
mounted on main
assembly, pure leather,
100% polyester fabric,
nylon with poly olefin
elastomer, Leatherite,
N.A, Polyester mesh
with fibreglass plastic
frame

Material of Fabric of
Seat Cover

leatherite leatherite

GSM/Thickness of fabric
±5%(Gram/Square
meter)

250 gram *

GENERAL Chair Type push back push back

Tilt Tension Adjustment Yes *

Height Adjustment ±
5(mm)

up to 120 mm up to 120 mm

Arm With With

Type of backrest
support

backrest with lumber
support of
polypropylene at
multilevel across back

backrest with lumber
support of
polypropylene at
multilevel across back

Arm Type Fixed Fixed

Colour of Fabric for
Seat and Backrest

black *

Ergonomic Seat
Design

Yes Yes

Back type push back push back

Backrest is made of
two pcs injection
moulded frame

Backrest is made of
two pcs injection
moulded frame

*

backrest has
separate adjustable
headrest

No Yes, No

Seat type fixed fixed

Seat is curved Yes *

Locking mechanism Yes *

Type of locking 4-Position Locking *

Number of arm
movement

N.A N.A

                               3 / 7



 

Lumber support external & fixed external & fixed

DIMENSION Overall Chair Height
±15mm

860 860

Backrest Height
±15mm

460 460.0

Backrest Width
±10mm

480 480.0

Seat Height ±15 mm 450 450

Seat Width ±10 mm 480 480

Seat Depth ±10 mm 500 500.0

Thickness of MS
Plate Joining the
under structure with
Seat

0.7 0.7

Thickness of
Plywood used in
Seat ±1(mm)

15 mm 15 mm

Thickness of
Plywood used in
Backrest ± 1(mm)

15 mm 15 mm

Padestal Size
(Diameter in mm) +/-
10 mm

600 *

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Seat in mm
(+/- 2 mm)

35 mm 35 mm

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Backrest IN
MM (+/- 2 MM)

35 mm 35 mm

WARANTEE Warrantee period in
number of years

2-year 2-year

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer
on demand

YES YES

BIFMA Certification YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
9001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
14001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
18001:2007 certified

YES YES

Green guard YES YES

                               4 / 7



 

certification

Aiota - YES, NO
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajendra Prasad 470021,BAHERIYA GADGAD,
JABALPUR ROAD, SAGAR
(M.P.) 470021

180  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of
drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

4.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

5.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the

                               5 / 7

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf


 

average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
12.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from

buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

13.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

14.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               6 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

http://www.tcpdf.org

