












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/697486
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Hydro Power

Organisation Name Nhpc Limited

Office Name Salal Power Station Jyotipuram Reasi Jk

Total Quantity 2

Item Category Pliers,Pincers and Nippers

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.

                               1 / 4



 

Pliers,Pincers And Nippers ( 2 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Confirmity to Standards (for
Technical Supply and
Nomenclature for Pliers ,
Pincers and Nippers)

IS 2615:1989 & IS
11526:1986 With latest
amedmnt.

*

BIS Licence available No Yes, No

BIS Licence no, If BIS
Licence available indicated
as yes otherwise put NA

- *

Performance parameters Type of Hand Tool Wire stripping Plier ( IS 5087
)

*

Type of Insulation Rubber Insulation Rubber Insulation, Plastic
Insulation

Shape of Handles Bowed handle Straight handle, Bowed
handle, Flared handle

Type of Joint Single joint with reverse
action

Lay-on joint, Single Joint,
Box Joint, Slip Joint, Parallel
Action Joint, Toggle Joint,
Single joint with reverse
action

Type of Gripping Surface Serrated *

Shape of Nose Half Round (End View) *

Type of Cutter NA End Cutter, Angled Cutter,
Diagonal Cutter, Middle
Cutter, NA

Tool Finish "Electrodeposited metallic
coating like nickelchromium
electroplating, or"

Natural finish,, Chemically
produced oxide finish,,
Chemically produced
phosphate coating,,
Lacquered,,
"Electrodeposited metallic
coating like nickelchromium
electroplating, or", Polished.

Handle Finish Smooth finished Smooth finished, Black
oxide finished, Phosphate
coated,, Lacquered,,
Electroplated,, Plastic
coated or with plastic
sleeves,, Knurled.

Electrical insulation Yes Yes, No

Soft handles Yes *

Material parameters Material Carbon Steel Carbon Steel, Alloy Steel

Dimensional parameters Length of Hand Tool in
mm

165 *

Weight of hand tools in
Grams

185 *

Width of hand tools in mm 60 *

Jaw length of Hand tool in 30 *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/h9PAC4BW5rKACptiYlFmPBPnuZRMA-NfstbnqtYN7rs


 

mm

Jaw Thickness of Hand tool
in mm

5 *

Hardness of Gripping
Surafce (Must be in between
35 <=N<=50 HRC)

Yes *

Hardness near Cutting Edge
(Must be in between 50
<=N<=70 HRC)

Yes *

Additional parameters "The hand tools shall he free
from all defects (like pits,
cracks, scale, seams, fins
and other defects, They
shall be finished smooth all
over )"

Yes *

"The hand tools shall be
solid forged to shape (The
rivets shall be interference
fit in one of the arms and
free fit in the other, and
shall be finished flush with
the surfaces, The jaws (
gripping surfaces ) and the
cutting edges shall be
properly hardened and
tempered )"

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Mukesh Chandra Arya 182312,Senior Manager Stores
Office, Salal Power station colony,
Jyotipuram, Distt. Reasi, J&K

2  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as

defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012
issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of
the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service
provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the
bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price
within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be
given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total value.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

                               3 / 4



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

