












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/694739

  Dated: 02-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 13-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 13-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Urban Development

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Directorate Of Printing

Office Name Government Of India Press, Minto Road

Total Quantity 20

Item Category Consumables for Digital Duplicators

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 3



 

Consumables For Digital Duplicators ( 20 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Product Class OEM OEM

Brand Riso Riso

Type of
Consumables

Ink Ink

Ink / Drum / Master
Roll (Stencil) Model
number

Riso F Type HD UA Ink Riso F Type HD UA Ink

Corresponding Part
number / code

S-6870 A S-6870 A

Digital Duplicator
Model number
/numbers for which
Consumable is
suitable

SF/EZ/ME/SE SERIES *

Colour of
Consumables , if
applicable

black black

Volume in case of
Ink (ml)

1000 1000

Yield of the Ink @
500 A4 size Prints
per master (number)

15000 More than 15000.0 Or
higher

Number of
Masters/Stencil per
Master Roll
(Number)

0 Any applicable numeric
value

Size of Drum/Master
Roll

A3 A3

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/8Nrj2UHsi9rpTOJwtwr-k6wLSRXjltVy5VSoDZX68vo


 

1 Subir Narayan
Garai

110002,Govt. of India Press
Minto Road

20  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

