












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706617

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Palika Parisad Ujhani

Total Quantity 5000

Item Category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 67500

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Exicutive Officer
nagar palika parisad ujhani, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, N/A,
(Dheerendra Kumar Rai)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Power Cable For Direct Burial Xlpe Ugac Cable ( 5000 meter )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 5



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Buying Through bidding only *

Size of Cable (in
Sq.mm)

25.0 25.0

Number of cores
(nos)

2 2

Cable Type Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming
to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

Cross linked
polyethylene and XLPE
insulated PVC outer
sheathed cable with
aluminum conductor
suitable for rated
voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming
to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988
with amendment
number 1 and 2 and 3
Reaffirmed 2005

BIS marked yes *

BIS certificate number - *

Armouring Galvanised steel Strip
armoured

Galvanised steel Strip
armoured

Armouring Type single wire or strip
armouring

single wire or strip
armouring

shape of conductor Stranded Stranded

CONSTRUCTIONAL Number of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

size of armouring
strip/wire for each size
of cable

- *

Material of conductor Aluminium EC Grade *

Weight of finished
cable per meter

- *

In addition to marking
requirements as per
relevant specification,
sequential marking for
length, Size of the
cable, Type of the
cable and Drum
Number shall be
embossed on every
metre of the cable

yes *

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/5eAfPETOSoAjFfzKq8fjjF0WkH2h7SL_F11kpCfcvUQ


 

standard cable length
on a drum

250 meter for size
240sqmm and above.

*

Part length which can
be supplied by seller
(meter)

- *

cable to be supplied on
wooden drums
conforming to IS:
10418/82 with latest
amendments.

yes *

Quantity supplied shall
not be more than the
ordered quantity.

yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification for
minimum and
maximum ratings.

yes *

Type Test Certificate
No.

- *

Type Test Certificate
date

- *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

Test Report to be
furnished to the buyer
on demand

yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sanjay Kumar
Sharma

243639,railway road nagar
palika ujhani

5000  15

Special terms and conditions for category power cable for direct burial xlpe ugac cable 

1.Specification for Cross linked Polyethylene insulated thermoplastic sheathed cables" is as

                               4 / 5



 

per IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 with latest amendments including amendment no.5. Manufacturer
shall furnish calculation sheet as per Appendix-C of IS:7098 (Part 1):1988 amdt., no.5 to
buyer/consignee on demand. (Gem Category: Cross linked polyethylene and XLPE insulated
PVC outer sheathed cable with aluminum conductor suitable for rated voltage at 1100 volts
grade and conforming to IS: 7098 Part-1 1988 with latest amendment including amendment
no.5)

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the

following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): na
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores:  J E 

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Payment online
through RTGS / internet banking also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). On-
line payment shall be in Beneficiary name nagar palika ujhani Account No. 50100238901551
IFSC Code HDFC0002621 Bank Name HDFC Bank Branch address ujhani. Successful Bidder
to indicate Contract number and name of Seller entity in the transaction details field at the
time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer in place of PBG within 15 days of award of contract.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Nagar Palika UJhani Account No. 50100238901551 IFSC Code 
HDFC0002621 Bank Name HDFC Bank  Branch address Ujhani.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

