












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700756

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Bharat Coking Coal Limited

Office Name Bccl Dhanbad

Total Quantity 100

Item Category Computer Printers

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 29000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 38

                               1 / 6



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
PUBLIC SECTOR UNIT
Materials Management Department, Bharat Coking Coal Limited, Commercial Block L-III , Koyla
Bhawan, Koyla Nagar, Dhanbad - 826005
(Bharat Coking Coal Limited)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Computer Printers ( 100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Cartridge
Technology

Ink Composite Cartridge,
separate toner and
drum, Ink Or higher

Printing Technology inkjet inkjet

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/3u594CGKo5bvFQSyFs2lr637T2ogZJFcWcoxIzRCoA0


 

Type of Printing Mono Mono

Paper Size A4 A4, A3 Or higher

Print Speed per
minute as per
ISO/IEC 24734 in
(A4) Size - Mono

13 15, 16, 18, 20, 21, 22,
25, 27, 28, 30, 35, 38,
40, 43, 45, 47, 50, 52,
55, 60, 61, 65, 70, 71,
75, 80, 85, 90, 95, 100,
105, 110, 26, 31, 32,
13, 14.5, 24, 62, 33,
41, 46, 56, 29, 34, 19,
14 Or higher

Print Speed per
minute as per
ISO/IEC 24734 in
(A4) - Color

0 *

Resolution (Dpi) 600x1200 *

Memory (MB) 128 *

Hard Disk Capacity
(GB)

0 *

Processor Speed 266 MHz *

Duplexing Feature Yes Yes Or higher

Duplex Print Speed (
IPM)

0 *

Network Connectivity Yes *

Network Interface, if
available

Ethernet 10/100 *

Wireless
Connectivity

Yes Yes, No Or higher

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

Wi Fi Direct *

USB Port Yes *

Number of Main
Paper Trays

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

Each Main Paper Tray
Capacity

250 *

Bypass Tray Facility Yes Yes Or higher

If Yes, Bypass Tray
Capacity

100 *

Yield of the
cartridge/Ink Tank/Ink
Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19798/2007(E) for
Cyan colour (Number of
prints)

0 *

Yield of the 0 *

                               3 / 6



 

cartridge/Ink Tank/Ink
Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19798/2007(E) for
Yellow colour (Number
of prints)

Yield of the
cartridge/Ink Tank/Ink
Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19752/2004(E) for
Black (Number of
prints)

6000 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology -Cyan

0 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology - Yellow

0 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology - Magenta

0 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology - Black

0 *

Duty Cycle (No of
Prints/month)

15000 *

Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

5 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

10 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (% RH)

90 *

BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration no - *

Other Certifications
Available

RoHS *

                               4 / 6



 

Dimensions(In mm x
mm x mm )

- *

Weight (In kg) - *

On site OEM
warranty (Years)

3 3, 5, 4 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rohit Kumar 828101,Depot Officer,
Central Store, Ekra, BCCL,
Post Office- BANSJORA,
Dhanbad,
Jharkhand-828101.

100  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 3 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

6.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

7.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),

                               5 / 6



 

Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

9.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

10.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

11.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

