












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710210

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Kadipur

Total Quantity 20

Item Category solar street lighting and renewable energy street
lighting

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  64 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 32000

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
clerk in charge
Nagar Panchayat Kadipur, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, N/A,
(Ashok)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Solar Street Lighting And Renewable Energy Street Lighting ( 20 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/QZ_BJj8JGfiaRydFkfuc7IuIQ5Irf4Xw57qLUV6jDYk


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Confirm to specification As per MNRE
specification for Solar
Photovoltaic Lighting
Systems &amp; Power
Packs - White LED (W-
LED) Based Solar Street
Lighting Systems

*

Model as per MNRE
Specification

Model I Model I

Battery Model IV : With Lithium
Ferro phosphate
battery. Operates from
dusk to dawn ( first
four hours at full
brightness &amp; rest
of the time at lower
level, with motion
sensor)

Model IV : With Lithium
Ferro phosphate
battery. Operates from
dusk to dawn ( first
four hours at full
brightness &amp; rest
of the time at lower
level, with motion
sensor)

Colour temperature of
White - LED (deg K)

5500 deg K to 6500
deg K

*

PV module (Wp)
under STC (Wp)

Model I: 40 Model I: 40

Battery capacity (
12V-AH @ C/10) to
be selected as per
model in line with
MNRE specification
for guidelines

20 AH 20 AH

Scope of supply with errection and
commissioning at
consignee end

with errection and
commissioning at
consignee end

CONSTRUCTIONAL Autonomy For Model I: 3 days or
minimum 42operating
hours per permissible
discharge

*

Type of Light source White light emitting
diode (W-LED)

*

Light output (Lux) Must
declare as per MNRE
specification

- *

Duty cycle Dusk to dawn as per
MNRE

*

PV module chemistry Crystalline silicon solar
cells

*

PV module efficiency
(%)

> / = 12 *

No load current
consumption (mA) Must

</=20 mA *

                               3 / 6



 

declare (not more than
20 mA)

Necessary cables and
connectors as part of
supply of lighting
system

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Battery Type, make
and model

- *

PV module certification For humidity, freeze
and damp heat tests
certificate conforming
to IEC 61215 Edition II /
BIS 14286 from an
NABL or IECQ
accredited laboratory

*

Warranty for street
lighting system
including battery
(Years)

>/=5 *

Warranty for Pv module
(Years)

> / = 25 *

Availability of test
reports from Central
Government or NABL or
ILAC accredited Lab
covering all the
parameters as per
MNRE specification

Yes *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report date - *

Name of Test lab - *

Address of the Test lab - *

Make Model Number
Country of origin and
technical
charecteristics
(including IESNA LM -80
report) of W -LED

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               4 / 6



 

1 Ashok 228145,Nagar Panchayat
Kadipur

20  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance

of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

9.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

10.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

