












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710340

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Water Resources River Development And
Ganga Rejuvenation

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Central Water Commission (cwc)

Office Name O/o Chief Engineer, B&bbo, Cwc Shillong, Ner

Total Quantity 8

Item Category Sofas

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 5



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Sofas ( 8 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Material Frame Structure
Material and size
(±1 mm)

18 mm teak plywood 18 mm teak plywood

Seat Cusion Material foam foam

Density of Cushion of
Seat Material ±3
(Kg/Cubic M)

30 *

Type of Spring in the
Base / Seating

Zig zag Zig zag

Generic Total Number of
Seats in the Sofa Set
(Nos)

2 2

Type of Sofa and
Backrest

Seat and Backrest are
permanently fixed with
the frame Structure

*

Number of Single
Seater Units (Nos)

NO SINGLE SEATER
UNIT

NO SINGLE SEATER
UNIT

Number of Two
Seater Units (Nos)

1 1

Number of Three
Seater Units (Nos)

NO THREE SEATER
UNIT

NO THREE SEATER
UNIT

Number of Four
Seater Units (Nos)

NO FOUR SEATER
UNITS

NO FOUR SEATER
UNITS

Frame Covering Fully Upholstered Fully Upholstered

Sofa Set is Foldable
to use as bed

No No

Backrest Cushion
Material

foam *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/PMlAvdr-MC1tDMxROVlfXL9ZlUcoBfs2gM94O7L4ETM


 

Density of Cushion of
Backrest Material
(Kg/Cubic M)

28 *

Covering Material for
Seat and Backrest

fabric fabric

Dimension Length of Single
Seater Units in mm
(±5 mm)

N.A N.A

Length of Two
Seater Units in mm
(±10 mm)

1400 1400

Length of Three
Seater Units in mm
(±10 mm)

N.A N.A

Length of Four
Seater Units in mm
(±10 mm)

N.A N.A

Depth of Sofa Units
in mm (±10 mm)

900 900

Sofa Height (Without
Back Cushion) ±5
(mm)

700 700.0

Sofa Height (With
Back Cushion) ±5
mm

800 800.0

Arm Width ±5 (mm) 120 *

Arm Height ±5 (mm) 710 *

Seat Height (With Seat
Cushion) ±5 (mm)

450 *

Sofa Leg Height
±2(mm)

150 *

Sofa Leg Width /
Diameter ±2 (mm)

40 *

Seat Cushion Length
±5 (mm)

1200 1200

Seat Cushion Width
±5 (mm)

510 510

Seat Cusion
Thickness ±5 (mm)

125 125

Backrest Cushion
Length ±5 (mm)

1050 1050

Backrest Cushion
Width ±5 (mm)

508 508

Backrest Cushion
Thickness ±3 (mm)

175 *

Thickness of Foam in 50 *

                               3 / 5



 

arms ±2 (mm)

Thickness of Foam in
back ±2 (mm)

152 *

Thickness of Foam in
front ±2 (mm)

40 *

Thickness of Foam in
sides ±2 (mm)

10 *

Colour & Finish Colour of Polish on
exposed Wood frame

N.A *

Colour of Covering
Material

gray *

Warranty WARRANTY PERIOD
IN NUMBER OF
YEARS

1 1

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Enakshi Barman 781014,O/o Executive
Engineer, CWC Complex, P.O
Jalukbari, Behind Adabari
Bus Stand

8  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

                               4 / 5



 

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

11.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

