












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/692671

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Central Reserve Police Force (crpf)

Office Name Dte. Genl.

Total Quantity 3963

Item Category mugs stainless steel single double walled with double
wall moulded handle

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  24 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 11889

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DIGP GC CRPF RANGAREDDY
DIGP GC CRPF, RANGAREDDY, POST-NISA HAKIMPET, DISTT-MEDCHAL (TELANGANA) PIN-500078.
(Marupeddi Raghuram)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Mugs Stainless Steel Single Double Walled With Double Wall Moulded
Handle ( 3963 pieces )

                               2 / 6



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Type Of Mug Type of Mug Double Walled Mug as
per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

Double Walled Mug as
per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

Material Material of Mug Stainless Steel Sheet
conforming to
Designation 04 Cr 18 Ni
11or 07 Cr 18 Ni 9 as
per IS: 5522-1992:
latest for Double
Walled Mug

Stainless Steel Sheet
conforming to
Designation 04 Cr 18 Ni
11or 07 Cr 18 Ni 9 as
per IS: 5522-1992:
latest for Double
Walled Mug

Inside material of
Stainless Steel Sheet
Double walled
Moulded Handle

Moulded Phenol
Formaldehyde

Moulded Phenol
Formaldehyde

Dimension Dimensions The store shall conform
to the Dimension
shown in the plate
attached to the
specification no.
IND/GS/1777(a) for
Double Walled Mug

The store shall conform
to the Dimension
shown in the plate
attached to the
specification no.
IND/GS/1777(a) for
Double Walled Mug

Minimum Finished
thickness of sheet at
any point of outer
and inner wall

0.56 mm (Double
Walled Mug)

0.56 mm (Double
Walled Mug)

Capacity As per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

As per Specification No.
IND/GS/1777(a)

Minimum weight of
the mug

350 gms (Double
Walled Mug)

350 gms (Double
Walled Mug)

Test Reports Availability of Test
Report from NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test report to be
furnished to the Buyer
on demand

Yes *

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Fli0WBSVnHlapO5Mo7bL8nzynqo0xwZzH7OWW5p_qi4


 

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

GeM/DGsnd Drawing
document

View

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shiv Kumar
Upadhyay

832104,Commandant 193
Bn, CRPF, At- Mosabani
No-01, PO- Musabani Mdines
Distt- Eastsinghbhum,
Jharkhand. Pin- 832104

975  75

2 Mohd Khalid Khan 182101,Commandant 137
Bn, CRPF, Jakhani
Udhampur, J&K, Pin- 182101

975  75

3 Lal Chand Yadav 494450,Commandant 199
Bn, CRPF, Bhairamgarh,
Dist- Bijapur, Chhattisgarh,
Pin- 494450

975  75

4 Nisheet Kumar 823001,COMMANDANT 159
BN CRPF jail Complex jail
Road Near Rampur PS Distt
Gaya Bihar-823001

800  75

5 Marupeddi
Raghuram

500078,GC RANGA REDDY,
Jawahar Nagar
Hakimpet,Medchal, Secunde
rabad,Telangana-500078

238  75

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

                               4 / 6

https://mkp.gem.gov.in/uploaded_documents/cms/tp/home_dome_dome_dome_mugs/51/16/877/CategorySchema/gem_dgsnd_drawing_document/2020/6/17/drawing-single-wall-mug_2020-06-17-16-33-33_0c68cf77fb60dfabbaf4a505f89eb305.pdf


 

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

6.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): EXCEL SURVEYORS PVT. LTD, IDMA, MSME TESTING CENTRE,
SGS, METAL & STEEL TESTING LABORATORY
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: CONSIGNEE

7.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

