












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/45521

  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 19:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Lucknow Nagar Nigam

Total Quantity 110

Item Category Power sprayer

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 37675

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 6



 

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 12

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Enviroment Engineer
Lucknow Nagar Nigam, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities - eServices
to citizens and Employees of Urban Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Pankaj Bhushan)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Power Sprayer ( 110 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 6



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Material and
Dimensional
Parameters

Tank material HDPE HDPE

Pump material Aluminum alloy Brass alloy, Aluminum
alloy

Pump body material Cast Iron *

Nozzle material Brass Brass

Hose pipe material Nylon Nylon, PVC

Hose pipe diameter
in mm

8.5 5, 8.5, 10, 13, 15, 19

Hose pipe length in
meter

2 *

Size of power sprayer
(L x W x H) in mm x
mm x mm

410210475 *

Weight of power
sprayer in kg

10 *

Performance
Parameters

Purpose It is used to spray the
chemical to crops or
field covering large
area with help power
operated pump &
nozzle

It is used to spray the
chemical to crops or
field covering large
area with help power
operated pump &
nozzle

Type of pump used Reciprocating pump Rotary vane pump,
Reciprocating pump

Tank Capacity in
liter

20 20

Tank type Manual back Carrying Manual back Carrying,
Tractor hydraulic
mounted, On wheel
trolley mounted

Power source Petrol engine Petrol engine, Diesel
engine, Battery,
Electricity, Solar,
Tractor PTO

Number of stroke in
petrol/diesel engine

2 Stroke 2 Stroke

Cooling mechanism
of engine

Air cooled Air cooled

Number of engine
cylinder

2 1, 2, 3, 4, N/A for Batter
y/Solar/Electricity/tract
or PTO

Availability of recoil
starter in engine

Yes Yes, N/A

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/2a40dYvzpfnNW4KBj07KhKy7Hx2GPc623wlrjDDGA1o


 

Power required in hp 1 hp 0.5 hp, 1 hp, 1.5 hp, 2
hp, 3 hp, 5 hp, 7 hp, 10
hp

Number of piston in
pump

1 1, 2, 3, 4

Number of sprayer
nozzle port

1 1, 2, 3, 4

Pressure bearing
capacity of hose
pipe in Mega Pascal

2.5 2, 2.5, 3, 3.5, 4

Battery voltage in volt N/A for Engine
operated

*

Battery current in
Ampere hour

N/A for Engine
operated

*

Charging time for
battery in hour

N/A for Engine
operated

N/A for Engine
operated

Spraying time after
full charging in hour

N/A for Engine
operated

N/A for Engine
operated

Pump discharge
capacity in LPM

N/A for Engine
operated

2, 2.5, 3, 3.5, 4, N/A for
Engine operated

Availability of pressure
regulator

Yes *

Availability of by pass
cum pressure regulator
valve

Yes *

Type of regulator valve Half Inch Cock valve *

Facility to wound up
long hose pipe

Yes *

Warranty in years 1 1

Sprayer should have
minimum vibration
during operation

Yes *

Noise level of rotavator
in db on full load

95 *

Sprayer frame and
body must be Rust
Proof

Yes *

Facility of easily service
to product

Yes *

Product instruction
manual shall be
supplied

Yes *

Standard Tool Kit for
maintenance and
Trouble Shooting to be
provided

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

Demonstration of
equipment and training
to be provided after
completing supplies
before Acceptance

Yes *

Reports Availability of ISO
certification of
manufacture

Yes Yes, No

ISO Certification
Number,Issue date,
Validity & If ISO
certification not
available may indicated
N/A

- *

Copies of certifications
to be furnished to
buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Pankaj Bhushan 226001,tirlok nath road
lalbagh

110  10

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

                               5 / 6



 

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

