












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714447
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name Central Health Service Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Office Name Safdarjung Hospital

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Arterial Blood Gas Analyser

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank Of Baroda

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 86768

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank Bank Of Baroda

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 5



 

Beneficiary: 
AAO
Medical Superintendent, VMMC & Safdarjung Hospital, New Delhi-110029.
(Shalabh Kumar)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as defined in
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for
supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an
MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in
relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Arterial Blood Gas Analyser ( 4 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification of the product - *

Certification number and
date

- *

Confirmity to Manufactures
Certification

ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 *

Performance Parameters Blood Gas Analyser (BGA)
System

Blood gas analyser is an
equipment for measuring
and calculating complete
Blood Gas Analysis

*

Type of blood gas
analyser

Hand held Hand held

Type of technology Cartridge (single use) Cartridge (single use)

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/9OIScbA7lz44tlWSUvVNJNOsZr94lvVcv3XnuZf-JGc


 

Parameters measured by
blood gas analyser

pCO₂ , pO₂, Na⁺, K⁺ , pH and
calculated parameters like
HCO₃⁻, Base excess, TCO₂

*

Additional Parameters
measurable by the blood
gas analyser

Cl-,iCa,Glu,BUN,Hct,Creatini
ne,Lacate

Cl-, iCa, Glu, BUN, Hct,
Creatinine, Lacate

Cardiac Parameters
measurable

ACT, PT/INR, Troponin, BNP,
CKMB

ACT, PT/INR, Troponin, BNP,
CKMB

Neonatal Parameters Not available Not available

Monitor type LCD LCD

Type of printer External Thermal Printer External Thermal Printer

Cartridge / reagent to be
used can be stored
mostly at room
temperature between
2-30 Degree C,
Automatic calibration
(hint: seller shall inform
the exact details to
buyer at the time of
making the supplies)

Yes Yes

"Shall have patient Bar
Code facility, Ability to
run a wide range of
patient panels on one
system"

Yes Yes

Capability to transfer
patient data to LIS/HIS

Yes Yes

Weight in kg ≤ 1 kg for hand operated ≤ 1 kg for hand operated

Sample Volume in micro
litre

100 *

Power source Rechargeable battery Rechargeable battery

Battery backup provided Through rechargeable
battery for 30 mins

Through rechargeable
battery for 30 mins

Shelf life of the reagent /
catridges as applicable
in months

6 6

On-board shelf life of
reagent in weeks

24 24

Warranty (including
electrode and membrane
etc as applicable for the
analyser offered) in
years

5 5

User/Technical/Maintenance
manuals to be supplied in
original in English in hard
and soft copy

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment and training to
be provided after
completing supplies before
acceptance

Yes *

The Principal Manufacturer
must have direct
Presence/approved service
center In India

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

Reports Availablity of ISO
certification to
manufacturer

ISO 13485 *

ISO certification date and
number

- *

Copies of reports and
certifications to be furnished
to buyer on demand at time
of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 VIJAY PAL 110029,OFFICE OF THE MEDICAL
SUPERINTENDENT SAFDARJUNG
HOSPITAL NEW DELHI-110029

4  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
2.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt also (besides PBG

which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in the name of The Medical
Superintendent A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on
the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in
favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in place of PBG and has
to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

7.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of The Medical Superintendent
payable at New Delhi.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

8.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of The Medical
Superintendent A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on
the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder
by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering
letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

http://www.tcpdf.org

