












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/693191

  Dated: 01-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-21 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Kasauli

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Industrial Refrigerator,Chiller and Deep Freezer

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  435000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 4



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Industrial Refrigerator,Chiller And Deep Freezer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

ITEM item Vertical ( Upright )
Freezer

Vertical ( Upright )
Freezer

DESIGN No of Door Single Single

Position of Door Front Opening Front Opening

Door Type Hinged Hinged

Air Tight Door Yes Yes

No Of shelves 6 6

Wheels Yes Yes

Visibility of Item
Stored

Yes Yes

Type of Insulation Glass Wool Glass Wool

Method of
Defrosting

Forst free Forst free

Type of cooling Frost Free Frost Free

Lock Yes *

MATERIAL Material of chamber
interior

Stainless steel 304 Stainless steel 304

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/3fYtvBQF6SMAotQwhR3f9wM4sDCKEYXcrMpCoq15GUU


 

Material of chamber
exterior

Stainless steel 304 Stainless steel 304

Door Material Single PUF insulated
Door

Single PUF insulated
Door

Cooling Coil Material Copper Copper

INSTRUMENT Temprature Controler Yes *

ON/OFF Switch Yes *

Storage Chamber
Temprature Display

Yes *

Audio alarm Visual
alarm Digital display

Yes *

Visual alarm Yes *

Digital display Yes *

CAPACITY AND
DIMENSION

Storage Volume(Net
Capacity)(Liters)

500 500

Over all length(mm) 500 500

Over all width(mm) 600 600

Over all Height(mm) 600 600

Insulation
Thickness(in mm)

70 70

Holdover
Time(minute)

45 45

PERFORMANCE Eco-Friendly
Refrigurator

Yes *

Compressor AC Reciprocating
Compressor

AC Reciprocating
Compressor

Set temperature
range(delta)

80 80

Minimum achievable
Temperature At 32
degree Centigrade

-86°C -86°C

Green Refrigerants Yes *

Type of Refrigerants R717 *

Voltage 220-240, Single Phase ,
50 Hz

220-240, Single Phase ,
50 Hz

Power
Consumption(kw/day
)

10 10

FINISHES AND COLOUR Finish Pre-Painted *

WARRANTY Warranty of
Compressor(Years)

3 *

Warranty of complete
unit(Years)

1 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               3 / 4



 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Tej Parkash 173204,Central Research
Institute, Kasauli

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

