












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699248

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Youth Affairs And Sports

Department Name Department Of Sports

Organisation Name Sports Authority Of India (sai)

Office Name Lakshmibai National College Of Physical Education

Total Quantity 2

Item Category trolleys or accessories

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 6



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Trolleys Or Accessories ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance
Parameters

Type of Trolley General purpose
Trolleys

General purpose
Trolleys

Types of General
purpose Trolleys (
Otherwise say NA for
Sack Trolley or Multi
purpose Platform
Trolleys)

Cart Trolleys *

Loading capacity
(Minimum) (Kgs)

300 300.0

Weight of Trolley
(Kgs)

60 60.0

Suitable for entry
into Lift

Yes Yes, No

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/1Xo9CT9cAFeunmWwZx4KAc-G7tkHIN0yyQEMMfF7hJQ


 

Ground Clearance in
mm

10 *

Handle Yes *

No of
Cart/Shelf/Rack/Tabl
e (for general
purpose trolley
otherwise put NA for
other Trolleys)

NA NA

Nature of Movement
of Trolley

Manual Manual

If motorized, give
details of mechanism
like motor hp, rpm etc

- *

Powder Coating on
metallic frame

Yes *

Side Railing 4 *

Wheel material Solid Rubber tyres *

No. of wheel 4 (For Multipurpose
Trolley)

*

Wheel Size (mm) 200 *

Type of Wheel
movement

Front fixed &amp; Rear
Swivel Castors

Front fixed &amp; Rear
Swivel Castors

Foot Brake facilities No No

Finishing of surface
edge

Free from sharp edges
and rounded
edge/corner

*

Surrounding
Rubberised Bumper

No *

Paint Each trolley shall be
free of rust and shall be
aesthetically
painted/Powder coated.

*

Foldability No *

Environment use of
operation of Trolley

Corrosive
environmental use

Corrosive
environmental use

Warranty (years) 1 1

Dimensional and
Material Parametrs

" Overall Size of Trolley
(L x W x H) (mm x mm
x mm)"

- *

Material of frame CI *

Size of Toe Plate
(Length x Width) (mm x
mm) (Applicable for
Sack trolley otherwise
put NA for other

- *

                               3 / 6



 

Trolleys)

Mtetrial of Platform
surface plate for
Platfam Trolley
otherwise put NA for
other Trolleys)

NA *

Thickness of Platform
surface plate in mm

- *

Size of
Cart/Shelf/Rack/Table
in (L x W x T) (mm x
mm x mm) (for general
purpose trolley
otherwise put NA for
other Trolleys)

- *

Thickness of sheet for
General Purpose trolley

- *

Material of sheet for
Racks for General
Purpose trolley trolley

- *

Thickness of side
railing if provided in
Trolleys

0.5 *

Thickness of
cart/rack/shelf/table

0.5 *

Reports Availability of test
certificate from
Government/ NABL/
ILAC accredited lab
to prove conformity
of specifications

No No

Test Report No and
Date

- *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Copy of the Certificate
to be provided to buyer
by the seller at the
time of supplies
(Applicable if
availability of test
report indicated as YES,
otherwise put NA)

NA *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               4 / 6



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Saji Thomas 688006,SAI SAG WATER
SPORTS CENTRE
ALAPPUZHA

2  21

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

9.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

10.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in

                               5 / 6



 

the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

