












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705221

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Ayush

Department Name Central Council For Research In Ayurvedic Sciences

Organisation Name Captain Srinivasa Murthy Regional Ayurveda Drug
Development Institute (csmraddi), Chennai

Office Name Chennai

Total Quantity 1

Item Category SPECTROPHOTOMETER

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

SPECTROPHOTOMETER ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

LIGHT SOURCE Light Source Xenon Flash Xenon Flash

Diffraction Grating
(lines/mm)

1200 1200

Switching of Light
Source

NA NA

Wavelength Setting
And Scanning

Automatic Automatic

TYPE Type of
Spectrophotometer

UV - VISIBLE UV - VISIBLE

Type of Optical
System

Double Beam Double Beam

Monochromator Czerny-turner Czerny-turner

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/-O7-onpkL1Ka6MDd1bq-FWOcM58JKHzUgjX5gZJ6qDs


 

Type

Detector Type Photodiode Photodiode

Spectral Bandwidth
Type

Fixed Bandwidth Fixed Bandwidth

OPTICAL
PERFORMANCE

Source Wavelength -
Minimum

190 190.0

Source Wavelength -
Maximum

1100 1100, 1500, 2000,
2500, 2700, 3000,
3200, 3300, 1650 Or
higher

Resolution 1.5 1.5

Wavelength
Accuracy (+/-)

0.1 0.1

Bandwidth (nm) 1.5 1.5

If variable band width,
Specify the incremental
step value(mm)

NA *

Scanning Speed
(nm/min)

5000 *

Focal length (mm) 0 to 49 0 to 49

Photometric
measurement modes

Transmittance,Absorba
nce,Concentration
(Wavelength,
time),Reflectance

Transmittance,
Absorbance,
Concentration
(Wavelength, time),
Reflectance

Photometric
Absorbance (Max)
(Abs) (+/-)

4 4

Photometric
Absorbance
Accuracy (Max) (+/-)

0.001 0.001 - 0.001 Or lower

Photometric
Transmittance (Max)
(+/-)

100 100.0

Photometric
Transmittance
Accuracy (Max) (+/-)

0.5 0.0 - 0.5 Or lower

Photometric
Reflectance (Max)
(+/-)

100 100.0

Photometric
Reflectance Accuracy
(Max) (+/-)

0.5 *

Stray Light Correction Automatic *

Baseline Correction Automatic *

GENERIC Display Through PC Through PC

                               3 / 8



 

Display type LCD with Backlight LCD with Backlight

Display Size 21.5 21.5 - 30.0 Or higher

Test result printing Through external
printer

Through external
printer

If inbuilt printer,
Type of printer

N/A N/A

Suitable software for
connecting PC & Printer

Yes *

Connectivity USB *

Internal storage(GB) 0 0.0 - 80.0 Or higher

Sample
switching/selection

Manual *

Capacity of Sample
holder / Sample
Carousel

1 *

Mximum Path Length
of sample

100 100.0

Number of Cuvettes
supplied-inclusive in
the scope of supply

2 2

Power Supply 230 V ± 10, 50 Hz *

Any other
features/accesories
covered in scope of
supply

- *

Spares and
Consumables
inclusive in the
scope of supply

Yes Yes

List of Items and
Quantity of each item
included in the offer

- *

OPERATING
CONDITIONS

Minimum Operating
Temperature

5 5.0

Maximum Operating
Temperature

40 40.0

Operating Humidity
(RH) (%) at 40
degree C

80 80.0

WARRANTY Onsite Warranty 1 1.0

Availability of
Spares (at extra
cost)

7 7.0

Certification Availability of UL/CE
Certification as per
EN 61010-1:2010

Yes Yes

                               4 / 8



 

Safety requirements
for electrical
equipment for
measurement,
control, and
laboratory use
General
requirements

Conformance to
EMC/EMI as per EN
61326-1:2013
Electrical equipment
for measurement,
control and
laboratory use

Yes Yes

Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt / NABL
approved / ILAC
acredited lab to
prove conformity to
the specification

No No

If yes test report to
furnished,to the buyer
on demand

N/A *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Nagalakshmi.E 600106,Captain Srinivasa
Murthy Regional Ayurveda
Drug Development Institute,
A.A. Govt. Hospital Campus,
Arumbakkam,
Chennai-600106 Tamil Nadu

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC

                               5 / 8



 

(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity

                               6 / 8



 

 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

8.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,

                               7 / 8



 

etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

