












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705425

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Central Coalfields Limited

Office Name Central Coalfields Limited

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Weightlifting Bar and Collars

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for

                               1 / 4



 

number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Weightlifting Bar And Collars ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

UTILITY Utility Men Men

MASS Mass of bars 20 kg ( Men ) 20 kg ( Men )

COLLAR Number of Collars per
bar ( to secure the
discs to the bar )

Two *

Mass of each Collar 2.5 *

DIMENSONS Length of bar 2200mm ( men ) 2200mm ( men )

Diameter of bar 28 mm ( Men ) 28 mm ( Men )

Length of Each
Sleeve

41.5 cm ( Men ) 41.5 cm ( Men )

Diameter of Sleeve 50 *

Length of Grip Section 131 *

Diameter of Grip
Section

28 mm ( Men ) 28 mm ( Men )

Rim diameter 7.3 to 8.0 cm ( Men ) 7.3 to 8.0 cm ( Men )

Width of Rim 30 *

MATERIAL Material of Bars Steel with Chromium
Plating

*

KNURLING knurling in grip
section

2 grip sections of 44.5
cm with nonknurled 0.5
cm strip 19.5 cm from
inner sleeve with
centre knurling of 12
cm long ( men )

2 grip sections of 44.5
cm with nonknurled 0.5
cm strip 19.5 cm from
inner sleeve with
centre knurling of 12
cm long ( men )

COLOUR Colour Demarcation at
centre and each end of
the bar

Blue ( Men ) *

CERTIFICATIONS Product confirming
to International/
national federation
requirements like
International Weight

Yes Yes

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/tAlCS_hHJIxbVuT5uqQ622gQH9qFKJC6I00m9NEhNFk


 

Lifting Federation (
IWF )/ Indian
Weightlifting
Federation ( IWLF )

Certification from
International/ National
Federations like
International Weight
Lifting Federation ( IWF
)/ Indian Weightlifting
Federation ( IWLF )

- *

Date upto which
certfication is valid

- *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply ( hint:
Applicable in case of
orders placed
against bid and not
applicable in case of
Direct Buying )

Not Applicable Not Applicable

WARRANTY Warranty 3 years *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shailja Pathak 829103,Central Stores,
Central Coalfields Limited,
Barkakana, Ramgarh

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this

                               3 / 4



 

regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

4.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

5.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

