












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/45454

  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Steel

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Steel Authority Of India Ltd

Office Name Durgapur

Total Quantity 5000

Item Category Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                               1 / 3



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Filtering Half Mask-Air Pollution Mask ( 5000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL Classification of
filtering Half mask

FFFP1 TO IS
:9473:2002(Latest)

FFFP1 TO IS
:9473:2002(Latest),
FFP2 tO IS :9473:2002
(Latest), FFP3 to IS
:9473:2002(Latest),
N95 of NIOSH, N99 of
NIOSH, EN 149

Type of mask with exhalation valve valve less, with
exhalation valve

Use Single Single, Washable for
reuse

STANDARDS ISI Marked Yes Yes, No

BIS Licence No (CML
No)

- *

MATERIAL Mask construction
material

Entirely inseparable
fillter material

Entirely inseparable
fillter material,
Inseparable main fillter
& additional
replaceable pre-filter

Weight of single
mask (gms)

17 Any applicable numeric
value

CONSTRUCTION No of valves single single, No

Foldable Yes Yes

Nose clip with with

Head harness Self adjusting/Elastic Self adjusting/Elastic

Filter penetration S"Solid" *

Clogging perfomance D(Dolamite dust) *

REPORTS Submission of test
repot on form 39 or
from central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab at the

YES *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/h8wmPhp3fT0ciceL-4nRM5FlEbW9_u9hvma-kd4OxOc


 

time of supply
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anurag Chaudhary 713203,Ispat Bhawan, 3rd
Floor, Purchase Department,
Durgapur Steel Plant,
Durgapur

5000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

2.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

