












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710316

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health And Family Welfare

Organisation Name Jawaharlal Institute Of Postgraduate Medical
Education And Research (jipmer)

Office Name Jawaharlal Institute Of Postgraduate Medical
Education And Research

Total Quantity 900

Item Category Casualty Bags

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  28 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual
Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 14850

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Associate Professor,Dept of Forensic Medicine JIPMER
Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research, Department of Health and
Family Welfare, Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research (JIPMER),
Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
(Vinod Ashok Chaudhari)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Casualty Bags ( 900 pieces )

                               2 / 5



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Dimensions Breadth 39 39.0 - 70.0 Or higher

Head Sealed
Transparent Tag Pouch

5 *

Length 78 78.0 - 90.0 Or higher

Application Application Hospitals and Clinics *

Technical
Specifications

Zipper Style L *

Material Of Zipper Nylon *

Handle Type Yes *

Material HDPE PET, PP, HDPE

GSM 160 160.0 - 350.0 Or higher

Number Of Handles 6 *

Weight Bearing
Capacity

120 *

Handle Length 5 *

Generic Lifting Handle Grip 4.5 inch approx *

Zipper Size Size No. 8 *

Top And Bottom Layer
Are Joined By Heat
Sealing

Yes *

Laminated No *

High Absorption
Material To Hold Min
500 Ml Of Fluid From
Each Orifice

Yes *

Colour Blue *

Features Waterproof,Water
resistant,Anti Shrink,An
ti-Wrinkle,Anti-Leaked,
Disposable,Others

Waterproof, Water
resistant, Anti Shrink,
Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-
Leaked, Disposable,
Others

Face Mask NA NA

Suitable For Adult Adult

Warranty 2 *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               3 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/c0ulSnG2o2Q04mKLWDhbDtlSZm0Q7n7JKRN5Q9otoaI


 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Siddhartha Das 605006,Jawaharlal Institute
of Postgraduate Medical
Education and Research,
Dhanvantari Nagar,
Puducherry

900  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Experience Certificate for the supply of the same to any Govt/ PSU/ any renowned private
organisation along with Supply/ Purchase Order.

2.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered

as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

5.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

6.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the

                               4 / 5



 

currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

