












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711372

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Army

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 130000

Item Category power cord-Flexible electric cable Heating cables or
Wire cotton Power for Heater

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 8125

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK

ePBG Percentage(%) 2.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

                               1 / 5



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
EME SO SRE
HQ 15 Corps, Department of Defence, Indian Army, Ministry of Defence
(Oic Sre)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Power Cord-Flexible Electric Cable Heating Cables Or Wire Cotton Power
For Heater ( 130000 meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Conformation of
cable to

IS: 694 for PVC
insulated cable

IS: 694 for PVC
insulated cable

BIS Marked Yes *

CM/L No - *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Working voltage Upto 1100V *

Type of insulation PVC PVC

Type of sheath PVC PVC

Sheated Yes Yes

Outer cover material Non braided Non braided

No. of cores 2 2

Conductor material Copper *

Size of the conductor - *

Type of conductor Stranded *

Type of service General *

Type of flexible cord Unkinkable *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/4b2kiS2kQo15dMqW4ENu_Y5AXvYK2b5nERktpWplauU


 

Length of cable in a
bundle (meter)

- *

Cable bundle weight
(kgs)

- *

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laboratory
to prove conformity to
the specification

Yes *

Test report number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of the lab - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********SRINAGAR 130000  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

3.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

4.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

5.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 4 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

                               3 / 5



 

7.Demurrage charges In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the
demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In
case the items are not lifted within a month, the same will be destroyed by the station board
of officers and no claim will be admitted.Demurrage charges. In case the rejected items are
not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage charges at the rate of 0.5% of total
contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within a month, the
same will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

11.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

12.Packing Material The items will be supplied by the successful bidder in its original packing
material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing material will not
be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items will be counted. The
packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will not be accepted in
non-standardized weights.Packing Material. The items will be supplied by the successful
bidder in its original packing material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight
of packing material will not be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items
will be counted. The packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will
not be accepted in non-standardized weights.

13.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
14.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service

personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

15.Shelf Life The supplier shall declare the shelf life/best before use for a minimum period
equal to the warranty period as given in the DFS for the item. The item should be of the
latest manufacture, conforming to the current production standard and having 100% defined
life at the time of delivery.

16.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

17.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without

                               4 / 5



 

obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

18.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

