












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705882

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 22-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Esic Medical College & Hospital, Nh-3, Faridabad

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Deep freezer

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  56 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  1400000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 14000

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Dean
Esic Medical College & Hospital, Nh-3, Faridabad, NA, Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC),
Ministry of Labour and Employment
(Dr. Asim Das)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Deep Freezer ( 1 pieces )

                               2 / 6



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
Standards

CE (with 4 digit notified
number)

CE (with 4 digit notified
number), USFDA

Certification date and
number

- *

Conformity to electrical
safety

IEC 61010-1, IEC
61010-2-40 or IS 13450

*

Performance
Parameters

Purpose For storage of various
biological products
including ATCC
cultures, enzymes,
vaccines, chemicals or
material testing
components for a
longer period of time

*

Capacity in liters 501-600 501-600

Type of cabinet Vertical Vertical

Ground Clearance in
mm

100 mm *

Cooling type Direct cooling *

Freezer body Galvanised steel body
with tough powder
coated exterior finish

*

Castors Heavy duty lockable Heavy duty lockable

Lockable outer doors
and lids

Yes *

Material of internal
cabinet

SS *

Freezer should use CFC-
free, HCFC-free non
flammable refrigerants

Yes *

Refrigeration system
must be energy
efficient

Yes *

Pull down time in hrs 5.2 hrs *

Operating Temperature
in degree celcius

minus 10 degree to
minus 40

*

Increment variation
setting

1ᵒ C *

Number of corrosion
resistant racks

4 4

                               3 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/758OQdxvXk5ZTbOXiN68-8i1qWoTKUh9-h8ou3aQing


 

Control Fully programmable
microprosseor
controlled with
membrane keypad and
eye level control panel

*

Number of inner
stroage
compartments with
insulated doors and

4 4

Digital temperature
display

Yes *

Should have battery
back up for the display
and security lock for
the display

Yes *

Alarms Audible and visible
alarm system for
unwanted temperature
rise, sudden power
failure , system failure
and battery low

*

Noise level in dB 60 *

Energy consumption
rate (@KWh/day)

8.3 *

Stabilizer should be
capable to run any
voltage between 190V -
270 V

Yes *

Warranty of Stabilizer
in Years

5 years *

Warranty of Freezer
in Years (from the
date of installation)

5 5

Additional Parameters Freezer must have
washable condenser
filter indicator which
should keep fins free of
dust to maintain peak
cooling efficiency

Yes *

One 5KVA servo
stabilizer to be supplied
with freezer

Yes *

CO₂ cylinder should
be supplied with
freezer for backup

Yes Yes

Tempearture Chart
recorder to be
provided

Yes Yes

Reports Manufacturer should
have ISO certification

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

ISO certification date
and number

- *

Copies of all
certifications and
reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Harsh Nandini
Arora

121001,ESIC Medical
College and hospital NH-3,
NIT Faridabad

1  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of The Dean, ESIC Medical College & Hospital, NH-3, NIT Faridabad A/C (Name of
the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the
demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be
released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR
duly signed and stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload
scanned copy of the FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy
of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

7.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

                               5 / 6



 

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

10.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

11.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

12.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

13.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

14.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

