












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713682
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Urban Development And Urban Housing Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Nagarpalika

Office Name Dharmpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category automotive chassis fitted with engine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  6 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  12 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  70 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 36180

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 5



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
SI
Dharmpur, Urban Development and Urban Housing Department Gujarat, Nagarpalika,
(Chaudhari Vipul Hirabhai)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 70% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Automotive Chassis Fitted With Engine ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Engine Capacity (cc) 1999 *

Chassis Model No. - *

Category of Vehicle for
which Chassis to be used

Light Capacity Commercial
Vehicles

Light Capacity Commercial
Vehicles

Type of Chassis Chassis without facecowl Chassis without facecowl

Body Style - *

Chassis with Built up
Cabin

No No

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS VI BS VI

Chassis Transmission
System

Manual Manual

Max Engine Power BHP 100 100

Max Engine Torque (N-m) 285 285

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/F-MAOmtBPmAuUTr3orKtId_ymjL4RtuxeffdBdvltDQ


 

Engine Aspiration Turbocharged Intercooled Turbocharged Intercooled

No. of Cylinder in Engine
(Nos)

3 3

Ground Clearance (mm) 183 More than 183.0 Or higher

Wheel Base (mm) 2850 2850.0

Kerb Weight (Kg) 1960 1960.0

Gross Vehicle Weight
(Kg)

5600 5600.0

Type of Steering Power Power

No of Axle (Nos) 2 2

Axle Configuration ( No of
Outside Tyre x No of Driving
Tyre)

- *

Type of Front Axle and
Suspension System

- *

Type of Rear Axle and
Suspension System

- *

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears (Nos)

5 5, 6, 7 Or higher

ABS Fitted Yes Yes

Front Vehicle Brake - *

Rear Vehicle Brake - *

Type of Clutch - *

CERTIFICATION Chassis Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No.

- *

CONSTRUCTION Design of Chassis Full Frame chassis *

Body Options Customise-able Customise-able

Fuel Tank Capacity (Ltrs) 60 *

Length of Chassis (mm) 5375 5375

Width of Chassis (mm) 2043 2043

Height of Chassis (mm) 2480 2480

Gradeability of Chassis( %)
(%)

27 *

Type of Vehicle Tyre Tube Tube

Size Of Front Tyres - *

Size Of Rear Tyres - *

Size of Wheel - *

Speed Governers Yes *

Side View Mirror Yes *

Standard Sparewheel and
Tool Kit

Yes *

Fog Lights No *

PERFORMANCE Vehicle Mileage ( declared
by OEM as certified by Test
Agency under Rule 115of
CMVR 1989) (Km/Ltr)

11.3 *

Speed, Max (Km/Hr) 80 *

                               3 / 5



 

Turning Radius (mm) 5600 5600

Warranty Period
inclusive of warranty of
Battery (Month)

12 12

Battery Warranty
(Month)

yes yes

Warranty Distance (Km) yes *

No. Of Free Service (Nos) 3 *

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Transportation Charge in
Rupees Per Km (Rs/Km)

18 18

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Thakkar Dipeshkumar
Kiritbhai

396065,Garden road dharmpur
nagarpalika

1  30

Special terms and conditions for category automotive chassis fitted with engine 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and Conditions (GTC) in
respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up and all taxes will be

indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM. The mark up will not be applicable for
Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer
will be quoted separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry of goods into the
State where the consignee is located. The Buyer / Consignee should also provide the Seller with
necessary Octroi Exemption Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of
Town Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and Duties such as
Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by the paying authority against
production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time of invoicing by
multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP while offering their
products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses - 20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with
Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles -
15%Water Truck Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric Cars
- 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like Troop Carriers, Water
Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular model is the lowest and
no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of
GeM. In case of violation of this, GeM administration will review for removal of the model from
GeM including other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered model may upload their
vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These guidelines are applicable only on GeM and
Government Buyers shall utilize the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic Institute/Local Bodies etc.

shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM. Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only
applicable, if the procurement is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement
outside GeM portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of

                               4 / 5



 

transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the laid down procedure
for tendering should be followed.

2.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made for similar vehicles
and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

3.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for Vehicles under
above mentioned categories as in these categories, only those models are up loaded on GeM for
which manufactures agreed to accept discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned
above against each type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go for bidding for
these products on account of large quantity or for any other reason, the manufactures of the
vehicles are exempted from submission of Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

4.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore, it shall be extra and
to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract Specifications.

5.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without freight charges.
Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount will be blocked over and above the
total price inclusive of all taxes to cover the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate
basis.

6.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate the freight amount at
actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis whichever is lower and the same should
be verified by the Buyer, before payment.

7.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing their Contract. The
total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does not include mark-up.

8.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In case Buyer does so,
the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with Buyer.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

