












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713621
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Commerce And Industry

Department Name Department Of Commerce

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Office Of The Development Commissioner, Mepz Special
Economic Zone

Total Quantity 400

Item Category Plain Copier Paper

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Plain Copier Paper ( 400 ream )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformance to Indian
Standard

Conforming to IS14490 :
Latest

*

                               1 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/v09Fs1XzyKuliqA8NlX_HXQjQMFjkt8MSzBAS7z7Ksk


 

Whether ISI Marked No Yes, No

Give CML number if ISI
marked Write NA if not ISI
marked

- *

Test Method as per IS:1060 Yes *

Test Report Details "Availability of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
specification"

Yes *

"Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer on
demand"

Yes *

Additional Requirements for
eco mark

The material shall be
manufactured from pulp
containing not less than
60% by mass of pulp made
from materials other than
bamboo,hard woods
,softwoods and reed or the
material shall be
manufactured from pulp
made from 100%waste
paper

Yes *

Size Size of paper A4 A4

GSM of paper 80 80

Quantity "Number of sheets per
Ream"

500 500

Physical Characteristics "ISO
Brightness,percent,Min"

80 80

Opacity percent,Min 88 85

"One minute Cobb test
both sides,g/m2,Max"

30 25

"Tensile Index Machine
Direction (MD) ,Nm/g,
Min"

40 40

Tensile Index Cross
Direction(CD),Nm/g,Min

25 0.2, 25

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

3.5 Any applicable numeric
value

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Cross
Direction(CD)Min,"

4.5 Any applicable numeric
value

"Smoothness for both
sides (Bendtsen) in
ml/min,Max"

150 Any applicable numeric
value

"Ash
content(900◦C),percent
by mass,Max"

16 16

Thickness in µm,Min 95 108, 95

"Moisture
content,percent,Max"

6 Any applicable numeric
value

"Taber Stiffness
,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

2 2

                               2 / 4



 

Taber Stiffness ,Cross
Direction(CD),Min

1 1

"Surface Strength
Dennison (Wax Pick)"

No pick on 12 A No pick on 12 A, "No pick on
13 A"

Packing and Marking "Packing as per clause 6-1
of IS:14490(Latest)"

Yes *

Package should be marked
with Description,size of
Paper,Quantity,Mass of
500/250 sheets including
wrapping paper in kg/ream
Chargeable wt should be
net wt excluding the wt of
packing,Lot Number and
month/year of
manufacturing,Name of
manufacturer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 SENTHILKUMAR
PANDIYAN

600045,NH-45, Administrative
Office Building, Government of
India, Department of Commerce,
MEPZ SEZ, Tambaram

400  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection

Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): 10
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: 10

2.Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised Inspecting officers /
empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's risk with pre-
dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment, components , solutions and documentation
conform to contractual requirements. If an institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to
appoint / nominate their own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in term of percentage
which is 100 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a right before payment or acceptance to
inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When
the seller is required or authorized to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival.
Expenses of inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods do not
conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for inspection charges as applicable
and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies to contractual specification etc , on production of
payment receipt issued by inspection agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency specifying the place
where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of such notice notify to the seller the date
and time when the stores would be inspected. The seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting
officer , all reasonable facilities and such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the
stores are being and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection of consignment shall
be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance of every kind which
the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination, other than special or independent test,

                               3 / 4



 

which he shall require to be made on the seller's premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant
thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his premises as the
Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for tests for which seller does not have
the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing outside owing to lack
of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to the buyer the costs incurred in the
inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for
similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or any part thereof to
such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing specification . The seller shall not be entitled to
object on any ground whatsoever to the method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..
Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials expended in test will be
borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment . The Inspecting officer’s
decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to mark all the approved
stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

3.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before dispatch, the goods
will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized Representative or by Nominated External Inspection
Agency (independently or jointly with Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at
designated place for inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external laboratories testing
charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost.
Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will
notify the Seller about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for
testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection. Consignee's
right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his location shall in no way be limited or
waived by reason of the goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its
Nominated External Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in inspection
beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without Liquidated Damages.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

