












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706847

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Housing And Urban Development Department Odisha

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Notified Area Council Tarbha

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Plastic bailing machine

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 6



 

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Plastic Bailing Machine ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Bailing machine for
pressing/
compressing
products like plastic
bottles, alluminium
cans, disposable
plastic items, etc

Yes Yes

Performance
Parameters

Vertical clamping
force of bailing
machine

Hydraulic Hydraulic

Material of the
bailing machine

MS MS

Bailing capacity of
machine in tonne

25 25

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/W5hXe4AvXf51OIKsfenZU-eUoBhKwTGAdWDxspK9wNQ


 

Chamber size in mm
x mm x mm

700 x 500 x 1400 700 x 500 x 1400

Size of Bale (length
x width x height)
(mm x mm x mm)

700 x 500 x 650 700 x 500 x 650

Weight of Bale ( in
kg)

50 -60 50 -60

Cycle time per bale
in minutes

15-20 15-20

Number of cylinder 1 1

Size of cylinder ( in mm
x mm)

- *

Cylinder Stroke (mm) - *

Feed opening WxH
(mm)

- *

Platform size in mm - *

Type of pump Hydraulic system gear
cum plunger pump
system

Hydraulic system gear
cum plunger pump
system

Day light gap
between bottom
plate and pressing
plate in mm

1400 1400

Motor power ( in HP) 7.5 7.5

Electric supply Three phase 440 V 50
Hz

*

Number of ties of
rope

2 2

Type of tying Twine *

Number of door 1 1

Manual bale eject
swing plate with screw
system

Yes *

Hand lever operated Yes *

Hydraulic oil tank
capacity in L

10 *

Thickness of the
body plate

8 mm 8 mm

Thickness of the
clamping plate

30 mm 30 mm

Control system of
machine

Electrical Electrical

Drainage system for
the residual and
fluid/liquid while

Yes *

                               3 / 6



 

crushing/pressing the
material to be provided

Overall weight of the
machine in KG

- *

Overall dimensions of
the machine in mm x
mm x mm (length x
width x height)

- *

Warranty 2 2

Additional Parameters The Machine should be
painted and power
coated to avoid rust

Yes *

Packaging should be
into crate using timber
bracing

Yes *

Electrical safety system
shall confirm to IS 302

Yes *

Instruction
Mannual,Service
details, Maintanance
manual l to be provided
with the Machine

Yes *

Installation and
demonstration to be
completed by the seller
before acceptance of
item

Yes *

Certificates Manufacturer of the
machine shall be
holding ISO
9001:2008/2015
certification

Yes *

Details of ISO
Certification

- *

Test certificate from
Govt/NABL/ILAC
approved Lab
regarding various
performance
parameters indicated
as well as Electrical
Saftey Systems as per
IS 302

Yes *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name and Address of
Lab

- *

Copies of all
certifications and test

Yes *

                               4 / 6



 

reports to be provided
to buyer on demand at
time of supplies

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 NARAYAN MEHER 767016,Near Hatpada,
Tarbha, Subarnapur, 767016

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

2.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

7.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

                               5 / 6



 

8.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

9.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

10.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

