












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/699826

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees Provident Fund Organisation (epfo)

Office Name Regional Office,epfo, Madurai

Total Quantity 15000

Item Category Folders-file cover

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 6



 

Folders-file Cover ( 15000 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Material Material Coloured Grey Board *

Color Colour of file cover Blue *

Conformity of grey
board to IS:2617

Yes *

Physical Characteristics Minimum GSM of
folder cover Sheet
(GSM)

450 280 Or higher

Minimum Length of
folder (mm)

350 350, 381

Minimum Width of
folder (mm)

240 240, 305

Minimum Width of flap
at bottom cover (mm)

35 *

Minimum Width of
buckram cloth at the
spine (mm)

50 *

General Properties Printing As per User
requirements

As per OEM Standard,
As per User
requirements

File suitable for paper
size

Foolscap *

No.of eyelet (Nos) 2 *

Location of eyelet Left top corner Left top corner, In the
centre of file cover at
left side at a gap of 80
mm on front and back
covers

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/BTximHEdo36AOIQPFws8JskWtgnF2pImTakteueLej0


 

1 Shaji G 625002,1, LADY DOAK
COLLEGE ROAD, CHOKKIKUL
AM,MADURAI-625002

15000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without
obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly
and severally liable and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for
and in respect of the due performance of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there
under.

2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3. Inspection of Stores by Inspection Authority of buyer or their authorised
Inspecting officers / empanelled inspection agency or their representatives
An independent third party Professional Inspection Body can help buyer in mitigating buyer's
risk with pre-dispatch/post-dispatch inspection in order to ensure that equipment,
components , solutions and documentation conform to contractual requirements. If an
institutional buyer like Defense , Railways and MHA etc desires to appoint / nominate their
own inspection authority / empanelled inspection agency for inspection of stores to be
supplied against the contract , buyer can select this clause indicating cost of inspection in
term of percentage which is 0.1 %. As per the contractual provisions / law , the buyer has a
right before payment or acceptance to inspect goods at any reasonable place as indicated in
contract and time and in any reasonable manner. When the seller is required or authorized
to send the goods to the buyer, the inspection may be after their arrival. Expenses of
inspection should be borne by the buyer but may be recovered from the seller if the goods
do not conform to contractual specification and are rejected. Initially seller may pay for
inspection charges as applicable and get the same reimbursed from buyer if store complies
to contractual specification etc , on production of payment receipt issued by inspection
agency as applicable.
Seller/OEM shall send a notice in writing / e-mail to the Inspecting officer / inspection agency
specifying the place where inspection is offered and the Inspecting officer shall on receipt of
such notice notify to the seller the date and time when the stores would be inspected. The
seller shall, at his own expenses, afford to the Inspecting officer , all reasonable facilities and
such accommodation as may be necessary for satisfying himself that the stores are being
and or have been manufactured in accordance with the technical particulars governing the
supply . The decision of the purchaser/inspection authority regarding acceptance / rejection
of consignment shall be final and binding on the seller.
The Seller shall provide, without any extra charge, all materials, tools, labour and assistance
of every kind which the Inspecting officer may demand of him for any test, and examination,
other than special or independent test, which he shall require to be made on the seller's
premises and the seller shall bear and pay all costs attendant thereon.
The seller shall also provide , and deliver for test, free of charge, at such place other than his
premises as the Inspecting officer may specify such material or stores as he may require for
tests for which seller does not have the facilities or for special/ independent tests.
In the event of rejection of stores or any part thereof by the Inspecting officer basis testing
outside owing to lack of test facility at sellers premises ,the seller shall, on demand, pay to
the buyer the costs incurred in the inspection and/or test. Cost of test shall be assessed at
the rate charged by the Laboratory to private persons for similar work.
 Inspector shall have the right to put all the stores or materials forming part of the same or
any part thereof to such tests as he may like fit and proper as per QAP/governing
specification . The seller shall not be entitled to object on any ground whatsoever to the
method of testing adopted by the Inspecting officer ..

                               3 / 6



 

Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, the quantity of the stores or materials
expended in test will be borne by seller .
Inspecting officer is the Final Authority to Certify Performance / accept the consignment .
The Inspecting officer’s decision as regards the rejection shall be final and binding on the
seller.
 The seller shall if so required at his own expense mark or permit the Inspecing officer to
mark all the approved stores with a recognised Government or purchaser's mark.

4.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): yes
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: no

5.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.
Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

6.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 3
samples for Buyer's approval, within 21 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 21 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

8.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a

                               4 / 6



 

certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

9. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

10.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

11.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 10% of total
value.

12.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

13.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution

                               5 / 6



 

shall be taken into account for this criteria.
14.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the

offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

15.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

16.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

17.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

18.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

19.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 10 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 10% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant
policy.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

