












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/43951

  Dated: 29-06-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 09-07-2020 13:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 09-07-2020 13:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Labour And Employment

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Employees State Insurance Corporation (esic)

Office Name Esi-pgimsr And Esic Medical College And Esic Hospital
Joka

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Mobile Digital Radiography Systems

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 53980

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

                             1 / 10



 

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Dean Director Professor
Esi-pgimsr And Esic Medical College And Esic Hospital Joka, Diamond Harbour Road, South 24
Parganas, Kolkata- 700104, Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC), Ministry of Labour and
Employment
(Esi Fund Account No. 1)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Mobile Digital Radiography Systems ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Conformity to
standards

- *

                             2 / 10

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/iiUz1Inad5jKcukdKBHbiu6vOfuax7V-IlYJzMc8O-M


 

Certification Number
and date

- *

AREB type test
approval for model

Yes *

AERB Cerificate
Number and date for
model

- *

Confirmity to
Manufactures Quality
Certifications

ISO 9001 & ISO 1348 *

Conformity to Safety
Standards

IEC 60601-2-54 or
equivalent BIS

*

Performance
Parameters

UMDNS Code and
names(Hint: This is for
indicating the relevant
universal medical
devices nomenclature
for the category of
product )

18-430 *

Purpose Used for radiographic
imaging of patients
who cannot be moved
to the radiology
department and who
are in areas—such as
intensive and critical
care units or operating
and emergency rooms
and should be a digital
system with flat panel
detector

*

Scope of supply Compact,easily
transportable, digital
mobile radiographic
unit with
articulated/telescopic
arm

*

Digital Detector Radiography Mode Digital *

Number of detectors 1 *

Detector Material Cesium Iodide *

Detector Size 14 inches x 17
inches(wireless )

14 inches x 17
inches(wireless )

Matrix size 2kx2k 2kx2k

Pixel size in µm 150 *

Grey Scale resolution,
bits/pixel

14 or better *

DQE at 0 LP/mm 65% or more *

Machine should have a
detector storage

Yes *

                             3 / 10



 

comapartment

Weight of detector in
kg

3.6 *

Detector should be
designed and
calibrated for General
Radiography Purposes
and must be fully
integrated with the
mobile unit including
the controls

Yes *

Detector storage
capacity

100 images or more 100 images or more

Control panel for image
acquisition

Image preview time in
seconds

3 *

Control panel Microprocessor
controlled

*

Automatic parameter
selection

Yes *

Control panel entry Touch screen Touch screen

Anatomic specific post
processing

Yes *

Display Should have a digital
display of mAs and KV
and an electronic timer

*

Inbuilt console
should have touch
TFT screen and
control

Yes Yes

Console should enable
to view the image, and
provide post processing
features, using touch
screen

Yes *

Post processing
features

zoom, contrast and
brightness, adjustment,
panning annotate,
mark and reporting

*

X RAY Generator and
Tubes

" High Frequency X-
ray Generator Power
in Kw"

3.5 Kw 3.5 Kw

KV range 40-110 40-110

Maximum mA 70 @ 50 KVP 100 @ 40 KVP, 70 @ 50
KVP

Focal spot,mm 0.8-2 0.8-2

Heat Capacity ,KHU 40-100 40-100

Anode Type Stationary Stationary

                             4 / 10



 

Anode rpm NA for stationary 3000 or more for
rotating, NA for
stationary

Exposure time in ms 0.1 to 3 Sec *

" Control Panel and x-
ray Tube "

Yes Yes

Automatic tube
positioning

No Yes, No

Tube Suspension X ray tube out put
should match with
generator

Yes *

Type of suspension Articulated arm *

Collimator Type Manual *

Collimator rotation ± 90 degree with on off
timer

*

Ergonomics Unit should have small
foot print

Yes *

Height of the column in
cm (Should facilitate
easy transportation in
the lift and areas with
small height doors etc

150 *

Weight of mobile x ray
unit in kg

150 *

The cables should be
concealed in the arm
system

Yes *

Exposure release
switch

Detachable with a cord
of at least 5 meters.

*

Workstation Inbuilt work station Yes *

Monitor size in
inches

12 12

Processor i 5 i 5

RAM in GB 4 4

HDD 1 TB 1 TB

Dicom compatibility of
work station

Yes *

Inbuilt console
should have touch
screen control

Yes Yes

No of images which
can be stored

10000 or more 10000 or more

The machine should be
fully network ready and
it should be possible to
transfer images and

Yes *

                             5 / 10



 

patient data from and
to hospital network
using LAN connectivity
or wireless LAN

Accessories Stitching hardware
and software

Yes Yes, No

Integration DICOM 3.0 storage SOP
Classes

*

DAP Meter supplied No Yes, No

Lead Apron Yes Yes, No

Light weight ‘zero
lead’ radiation
protection aprons
provided

Yes Yes, No

Lead Aprons - Full body
and Skirt type

2 no each (0.5pb) *

Thyroid shields
supplied

Yes *

Gonadsheet Male
supplied

Yes *

Gonad sheet Female
supplied

Yes *

Extractable
measurable tape
should be available

Yes Yes, No

Motorized movement
for complete
machine

No Yes, No

Castor wheel Yes Yes

Unit should have
effective breaking
system for parking

Yes *

Power Requirements 230 V 50 HZ Single
phase -16 Ampls socket

*

Machine should run
on mains as well as
battery supply

No Yes, No

No of exposures
which can be run on
battery

NO 10 or more, 25 or
more, 50 or more, NO

Battery should be
able to provide
power to the motor
to move machine

No Yes, No

Battery charging time
in hours

6 *

Miscellaneous Number of up to 3 No installation, up to 3,

                             6 / 10



 

Parameters installations of the
portable digital
radiography
machines in Central
/State/PSU Govt
Hospitals( Note:
Seller should supply
a performace
certificate of the
device to the buyer
if demanded after
placement of order)

more than 3

Comprehensive
warranty in years

5 5

OEM/Reseller ( if
supplied to reseller
shall ensure
uninterputed availabilty
of all spares for 10
years)

Yes *

Availability of toll free
facility for technical
support maintened by
OEM or authorized
agencies

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Demonstration of
equipment and training
to be provided after
completing supplies
before acceptance

Yes *

Copies of reports and
certifications to be
furnished to buyer on
demand at time of
supplies

Yes *

QA, QC and other tests
as per NABH shall be
carried out by OEM or
authorized agency of
OEM

Yes *

Copies of all calibration
and test reports to be
submitted at the time
of Supply of Machine

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                             7 / 10



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 DEBAJIT DEB 700104,ESIC HOSPITAL
JOKA, DIAMOND HARBOUR
ROAD

1  30 N/A

Special terms and conditions for category Mobile Digital Radiography Systems 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance
including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer,
service charges and spares,. During the warranty period commencing from date of the
successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once
in six months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98%
uptime warranty during warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with
penalty, to extend warranty period by double the downtime period.Service centresDetails of
Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be furnished to buyer/consignees
with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the supplies .It
shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to
cater to the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the
service calls can be handled .Details of toll free numbers for service call and online
registration of service requests also to be provided buyer/consignee at the time of
supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents regarding
source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish
that the products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from
them.Packing and MarkingMedical equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for
the goods should be strong and durable enough to withstand transit including transhipment
(if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage, deterioration etc. .The size,
weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the goods,
availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to
final destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages
and provision of accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of
medical equipments being supplied. The accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed
.Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with indelible paint of proper quality:
indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including quantity ,. Packing
list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured
and supplied by the OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for
purchase at least for 10 years from date of supplies .In case due to any reasons the
production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice should be given to
the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient
inventories to assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that
the same are available.OEM or reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to
the buyer/consignee and shall give the most competitive price for spares and consumables
of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training, ManualsSeller shall be
responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of the
goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the
completion of the installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and
maintaining the equipment and Supplying required number of operation & maintenance

                             8 / 10



 

manual for the goods. In case the category parameters are specifying any requirements
regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be applicable.
Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of
equipments for carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They
should make sure to periodically check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety
Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required equipment for such testing
should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through labs
with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All
software updates should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): WiFi connectivity
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Wifi connectivity,
image resolution and criteria in specification

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order
2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a local supplier, should be as per relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry
as available on the website of Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade
(DPIIT). All bidders must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the
local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs
10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the
statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost
accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 29.5.2019. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of ESI Fund
Account No. 1 payable at State Bank of India at Kolkata.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of ESI Fund Account No. 1
payable at State Bank of India at Kolkata.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

7.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

8.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

9.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /

                             9 / 10



 

State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

10. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
11.Preference to Make In India products: Preference shall be given to local supplier as defined in

public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to time
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific
Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a local supplier, should be as per
relevant notification / order issued by the nodal ministry as available on the website of
Department of Promotion of Industries and Internal Trade (DPIIT). If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
29.5.2019.

12.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of ESI Fund Account No. 1 payable at State Bank Of India at Kolkata. After award of
contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

14.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            10 / 10

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

