












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710792

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name 174 Bn Bsf

Total Quantity 100

Item Category single texture white rubberized waterproof nylon
fabric rain capes with attached hood

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM

                               1 / 5



 

{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Single Texture White Rubberized Waterproof Nylon Fabric Rain Capes
With Attached Hood ( 100 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Governing Specification DGS & D specification
No- G/ Tex/ Misc/ 43/
ST/ Rain Capes Nylon

*

URL for specification for
Single Texture White
Rubberized Waterproof
Nylon Fabric Rain
Capes with attached
Hood

https://dgserver.dgsnd.
gov.in/rc/46181543.pdf

*

Specification seen and
understood

Yes *

Dimension Size Assorted Sizes (
Medium, Large and
Extra Large ) as per
buyer's requirements

Extra Large, Assorted
Sizes ( Medium, Large
and Extra Large ) as
per buyer's
requirements

Length (cm) 130 ( For Extra Large
Size )

*

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Lk04zZTC3eZr809kNqZD3_fc-O_6aq9f-5Lz3wHvEpU


 

Chest (cm) 190 (For Extra large
Size )

*

Bottom Overall Edge to
Edge (cm)

370 (For Extra Large
Size )

*

Colour Colour any other colour as per
buyers requirement

*

Material Material Single Texture White
Rubberised Waterproof
Nylon Fabric.

*

Mass of Single Texture
White Rubberised
Waterproof Nylon
Fabric (max ) (g/ sq m)

190 *

Proofing Content of
Single Texture White
Rubberised Waterproof
Nylon Fabric (min ) (g/
square m)

90 *

The nylon fabric
designation 3
conforming to IS:
11326-1985 (with mass
per sq m of the nylon
fabric ‘62 to 65g’ in
place of ‘65g
maximum’), shall be
used as base fabric for
producing Single
Textured Rubberized
WP Fabric

Yes *

Test Report Availability of Test
Report from
designated AHSP/
NABL/ ILAC
accredited or Central
Government Lab to
prove conformity of
products to the
specification

No No

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report Date - *

Test Report No. - *

Address of The Lab - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval

Yes Yes

                               3 / 5



 

before
commencement of
supply

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Naseem Akhtar 733134,174 BN BSF
MAHESPUR, RAIGANJ

100  30

Special terms and conditions for category single texture white rubberized waterproof
nylon fabric rain capes with attached hood 

1.After award of contract, if required by buyer, seller shall have to get Advance Sample
approved from Buyer before manufacturing / starting Bulk Supplies.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked

by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

                               4 / 5



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

