












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/43049

  Dated: 17-06-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 02-07-2020 13:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 02-07-2020 13:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Northern Coalfields Limited

Office Name Singrauli

Total Quantity 5

Item Category built up trucks

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 136177

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 30

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 6



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
HEAD QUARTER, SINGRAULI
Singrauli, Materials Management, Northern Coalfields Limited, Ministry of Coal
(Northern Coalfields Limited)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

Built Up Trucks ( 5 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine
Capacity (cc)

2960 *

Model No - *

Pay Load Capacity
(Tonne Load)

3.8 3.8 - 50.0 Or higher

Type of chassis for
Vehicle

- *

Chassis with Built up
Cabin

Yes Yes

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Colour of the Vehicle - *

Engine BHP@rpm
(hp@rpm)

- *

Engine Torque
Max@rpm (Engine
Torque Max@rpm)

- *

Top Speed (Kmph) 80 *

Braking Distance (m) 31.8 *

Gradeability of Vehicle
(%)

- *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Sn8VPXmxpyqBnNf3U1X0kmAZnzgQDfG4Bq9kYI4BYmw


 

Engine Aspiration
System

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

100 *

Load Body Type - *

Trailer Type - *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

195 Any applicable numeric
value

Floor Area (sq. mm) - *

Wheel Base (mm) 3370 Any applicable numeric
value

Kerb Weight (Kg) 3506 Any applicable numeric
value

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

7490 Any applicable numeric
value

Type of Vehicle Tyre Tube Tube, Tubeless, Radial,
Bias

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

Drive Axle Rear *

No of Axle (Nos) 2 *

Axle Configuration ( No
of Outside Tyre x No of
Driving Tyre)

- *

Type of Front Axle and
Suspension System

- *

Type of Rear Axle and
Suspension System

- *

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears

- *

Type of Steering Power Operated Power Operated

Turning Radius (mm) 6650 *

Type of Clutch - *

Type of Front Brakes - *

Type of Rear Brakes - *

Constructional
Parameters

Type of Cabin - *

Overall Length (mm) 6415 Any applicable numeric
value

Overall Width (mm) 2160 Any applicable numeric
value

Overall Height
(Cabin) (mm)

2957 Any applicable numeric
value

Type and Location of - *

                               3 / 6



 

Shock Absorbers

No of Front Tyre
(Nos)

2 2

No of Rear Tyre
(Nos)

4 4

Size Of BIS marked
Front Tyre with Ply
Rating

- *

Size of BIS marked
Rear Tyre with Ply
Rating

- *

Performance
Parameters

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Km/Ltr)

6.82 1.0e-06 - 9999999

Warranty Distance
(Km)unlimited
during warranty
period

200000 200000.0

Warranty Time
(Months)

24 24.0

Transportation Charge
in Rupees Per Km
(Rs/Km)

13.5 *

No of Free Service
(Nos)

5 *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Venu Gopal 231222,REGIONAL STORES,
DUDHICHUA PROJECT, PO -
KHADIA DISTT - SONBHADRA
U.P.

2  60 N/A

2 Praveen Kant
Varun

486890,OFFICE OF THE
GENERAL MANAGER,
CENTRAL WORKSHOP, NCL,
CWS - JAYANT PO - JAYANT
COLLIERY DISTT - SINGRAULI
M.P.

2  60 N/A

                               4 / 6



 

3 Pramod Kumar 231222,REGIONAL STORES,
KHADIA PROJECT NCL PO -
KHADIA, SHAKTINAGAR

1  60 N/A

Special terms and conditions for category built up trucks 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and
Conditions (GTC) in respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective
product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up

and all taxes will be indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM.
The mark up will not be applicable for Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively
offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer will be quoted
separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry
of goods into the State where the consignee is located. The Buyer /
Consignee should also provide the Seller with necessary Octroi Exemption
Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of Town
Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and
Duties such as Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by
the paying authority against production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time
of invoicing by multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract
specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP
while offering their products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses -
20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison
Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles - 15%Water Truck
Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric
Cars - 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like
Troop Carriers, Water Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra
time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular
model is the lowest and no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government
or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of GeM. In case of violation of this,
GeM administration will review for removal of the model from GeM including
other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered
model may upload their vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These
guidelines are applicable only on GeM and Government Buyers shall utilize
the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore,

it shall be extra and to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract
Specifications.

2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without
freight charges. Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount
will be blocked over and above the total price inclusive of all taxes to cover
the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate
the freight amount at actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis
whichever is lower and the same should be verified by the Buyer, before
payment.

4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing

                               5 / 6



 

their Contract. The total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does
not include mark-up.

5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In
case Buyer does so, the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with
Buyer.

6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic
Institute/Local Bodies etc. shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM.
Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only applicable, if the procurement
is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement outside GeM
portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the
laid down procedure for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made
for similar vehicles and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for
Vehicles under above mentioned categories as in these categories, only
those models are up loaded on GeM for which manufactures agreed to accept
discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned above against each
type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go
for bidding for these products on account of large quantity or for any other
reason, the manufactures of the vehicles are exempted from submission of
Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

3.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

