












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/701297

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 21-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 21-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Coal

Department Name Materials Management

Organisation Name Northern Coalfields Limited

Office Name Ri V, Cmpdi, Bilaspur (cg), Central Zone

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Steam Sterlizer

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  100000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or

                               1 / 7



 

similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Steam Sterlizer ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Construction Type of Steriliser HORIZONTAL
CYLINDRICAL high
speed Steam Steriliser
Pressure type for
Hospital and
Pharmaceutical use,
conforming to IS:
3829(part 1)/1999,
reaffirmed 2001, with
amendment Nos. 1 to
4, with Steriliser
Chamber size: 400 mm
(Diameter) x 600 mm
(Length), fitted with
Silicon door gasket(
expansion type),
Electric load of the unit
shall be 18 KW.

HORIZONTAL
CYLINDRICAL high
speed Steam Steriliser
Pressure type for
Hospital and
Pharmaceutical use,
conforming to IS:
3829(part 1)/1999,
reaffirmed 2001, with
amendment Nos. 1 to
4, with Steriliser
Chamber size: 400 mm
(Diameter) x 600 mm
(Length), fitted with
Silicon door gasket(
expansion type),
Electric load of the unit
shall be 18 KW.

Steam supply to
Steriliser

Direct Steam Operation
from an external
source

Direct Steam Operation
from an external
source

Material: Steriliser
parts; Chamber,
Jacket, Door, Door
Ring and shall be
made of

SS 304 SS 304

Type of control Manual through indt.
switch based

Manual through indt.
switch based

CONSTRUCTION Instruction plate on
Steam Steriliser
advising user to use
soft water for steam
generation for long
service life of Steam
Steriliser

YES *

Whether a No No

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/a4zbyPk7baYmyBkz8zLl1R2B-Q5awzx7URvlKlPX_jg


 

compatible water
softener/reversed
osmosis based
system to feed water
to the steam
generator unit is to
be supplied with the
steriliser:

Provision of Lock on
Steriliser Chamber
door:

Manual Lock Manual Lock

Installation The site ready for
installation equipped
with water supply,
electric connection
cabling and drainage
outlet shall be provided
by Buyer. The Seller
shall be responsible to
carry out for
installation of the
offered Steam Steriliser
unit on turnkey basis
i.e. Any civil work
required for installation
of the ordered
equipment i.e. flooring/
tilling/plastering/Paint
and/or wood work shall
be Seller’s
responsibility. The
Seller shall also provide
training to personnel of
buyer.

*

Type of Door: Hinged type Hinged type

Display facility for
Sterilisation Cycle
parameters

Chamber Temperature Chamber Temperature

Print facility for
record generation of
dates, time, load,
identification
number and
operating
parameters
(temperature and
holding time etc):

Yes, port given to
connect an external
Printer Unit

Yes, port given to
connect an external
Printer Unit

Warranty Period 3 3, 5 Or higher

No of Doors in
Steriliser

1 1

Whether Type Test
Certificate from a
Govt/NABL/ILAC

No No

                               3 / 7



 

approved testing
laboratory is
available (If Yes, to
be furnished by
Seller to Buyer on
demand) for the
offered product?

Type of user friendly
Interface (for
microprocessor
controlled Sterilizer)
to specify
parameters for
running Sterilization
cycle:

NA NA

Data Transfer facility
through USB /RS232
port to
computer/laptop on
real time basis

No No

Air removal from
Sterilisation chamber,
after loading the
steriliser, by on for
more
pressure/vacuums
pulsing for proper
steam penetration

YES *

Integrated Shredder
Facility

Integrated Shredder
(for shredding the
load in Sterilisation
chamber)

Yes, with
Microprocessor
controlled

Yes, with
Microprocessor
controlled

Material: Shredder
parts;

SS 304 SS 304

Power of Motor used
for Shredding

Must be of >= 2 HP,
>= 1000 RPM, 220 V,
50 HZ AC motor, and
able to deal with
shredding of bio
medical waste land as
per Steriliser capacity

Must be of >= 2 HP,
>= 1000 RPM, 220 V,
50 HZ AC motor, and
able to deal with
shredding of bio
medical waste land as
per Steriliser capacity

Accessories (made of
SS 316) for
loading/unloading and
handling of Load

Number of Rails: 0 0, 2 Or higher

Long Handle: 0 0

Sterilisation
Carriages

0 0, 1, 2 Or higher

Pull out Trays/Tanks 0 0

Floor loading carts 0 0, 2 Or higher

Transfer carriages: 0 0, 1, 2 Or higher
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               4 / 7



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Bandi Joseph Anil
Kumar

495006,REGIONAL
INSTITUTE V, CENTRAL MINE
PLANNING &amp; DESIGN
INSTITUTE LIMITED, SECL
COMPLEX, SIPAT ROAD

1  60

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

2.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

3.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

4.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

5.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Not required
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: By inspection team of
buyer organization

6.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

7.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

                               5 / 7



 

and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total
value.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

10.Over and above the normal Warranty terms as per GeM GTC, the successful bidder / OEM
shall have to provide Comprehensive Warranty during the entire Standard warranty period
as per contract. : The comprehensive warranty shall be covering the following scope Free
replacement of all defective parts except glass ware. (Upload an undertaking with the bid
confirming compliance by the bidder if Bidder is taking onus of this compliance. In case OEM
is taking onus of this compliance, OEM undertaking is to be uploaded along with Bidder
undertaking)

11.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

12.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

13.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

14.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price band
defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and
contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total value as defined/ decided in
relevant policy.

                               6 / 7



 

15.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

16.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

