












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/700458

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Consumer Affairs Food And Public
Distribution

Department Name Department Of Food And Public Distribution

Organisation Name Central Warehousing Corporation (cwc)

Office Name Corporate Office

Total Quantity 57

Item Category Revolving Chair ( PAC Only ) 

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 6



 

MSE Purchase Preference

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Revolving Chair ( 57 pieces ) ( Under PAC ) 

Make godrejinterio

Model allymb

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

MATERIAL Pedestal Base Glass Fibre Nylon with
ABS/ NylonTwin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5
Nos, of 50 mm Size

Glass Fibre Nylon with
ABS/ NylonTwin Caster
Wheels Minimum 5
Nos, of 50 mm Size

Arm Material Proypylene Proypylene

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/RoZOkG_cFmjRFtn1qricu-RFPXgZiDRPAoxDbCn-9iA


 

seat material PU Foam covered with
Fabric

PU Foam covered with
Fabric

Density of PU foam
used in seat KG per Cu
Meter (+/- 3)

32 *

Density of PU foam
used in backrest in KG
per Cu Meter (+/- 3)

NA *

Material of Fabric
Back Cover /
Material for Backrest

Innner frame
Upholstered with Mesh
fabric and mounted on
main assembly

Innner frame
Upholstered with Mesh
fabric and mounted on
main assembly

Material of Fabric of
Seat Cover

100% polyester fabric 100% polyester fabric

GSM/Thickness of fabric
±5%(Gram/Square
meter)

250 gram *

GENERAL Chair Type central tilt central tilt

Tilt Tension Adjustment Yes *

Height Adjustment ±
5(mm)

up to 90 mm up to 90 mm

Arm With With

Type of backrest
support

backrest symmetrical
lumber support

backrest symmetrical
lumber support

Arm Type Fixed Fixed

Colour of Fabric for
Seat and Backrest

black *

Ergonomic Seat
Design

Yes Yes

Back type push back push back

Backrest is made of
two pcs injection
moulded frame

Backrest is made of
one piece injection
moulded frame

*

backrest has
separate adjustable
headrest

No No

Seat type fixed fixed

Seat is curved Yes *

Locking mechanism Yes *

Type of locking upright locking *

Number of arm
movement

N.A N.A

Lumber support integrated integrated

DIMENSION Overall Chair Height
±15mm

890 890

                               3 / 6



 

Backrest Height
±15mm

520 520.0

Backrest Width
±10mm

440 440.0

Seat Height ±15 mm 420 420

Seat Width ±10 mm 480 480

Seat Depth ±10 mm 500 500.0

Thickness of MS
Plate Joining the
under structure with
Seat

1.2 1.2

Thickness of
Plywood used in
Seat ±1(mm)

15 mm 15 mm

Thickness of
Plywood used in
Backrest ± 1(mm)

N.A N.A

Padestal Size
(Diameter in mm) +/-
10 mm

600 *

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Seat in mm
(+/- 2 mm)

35 mm 35 mm

Thickness of
Polyurethane Foam
Used in Backrest IN
MM (+/- 2 MM)

N.A N.A

WARANTEE Warrantee period in
number of years

1-year 1-year

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be
furnished to buyer
on demand

YES YES

BIFMA Certification NO NO

OEM of offered
product is ISO
9001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
14001:2015 certified

YES YES

OEM of offered
product is ISO
18001:2007 certified

YES YES

Green guard
certification

NO NO

Aiota YES YES
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               4 / 6



 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 J Navukkarasu 600015,No.4, North Avenue,
Srinagar Colony, Saidapet ,
600015

57  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 10 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per
contract specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide
complete list of modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications
as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample
– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval.
In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract
specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before
allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the
seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 5 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

6.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that

                               5 / 6



 

supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 25% of total
value.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
10.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service

personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

11.The successful bidder has to supply all essential accessories required for the successful
installation and commissioning of the goods supplied. Besides standard accessories as per
normal industry practice, following accessories must be part of supply and cost should be
included in bid price: chair bush.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

