












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703048

  Dated: 08-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 18-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Electronics And Information Technology

Department Name Na

Organisation Name Centre For Development Of Advanced Computing (c-
dac)

Office Name Delhi

Total Quantity 400

Item Category Roller Blinds

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  3 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 30000

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 15

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
C-DAC
Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), Ministry of Electronics and Information
Technology, Plot No.- 20, FC-33, Institutional Area, Jasola, New Delhi -110025
(Centre For Development Of Advanced Computing)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Roller Blinds ( 400 square meter )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/S8-QAb3h3SM65YBWGBmdhst-XA1kOWMyUyl9AfVLXgk


 

GENERIC Opening style 1. Roll up / Roll down *

Mounting
arrangement

Bracket systems – to
install functional roller
blind mechanism

Bracket systems – to
install functional roller
blind mechanism

Types of roller blind Blackout roller blind Blackout roller blind

Shading solution Single roller blind –
utilise one layer of
fabric (called outer
layer)

Single roller blind –
utilise one layer of
fabric (called outer
layer)

Operating
mechanism

Pull tab on the bottom
of the fabric (provides
easy manipulation of
the blinds without
touching fabric)

Pull tab on the bottom
of the fabric (provides
easy manipulation of
the blinds without
touching fabric)

Roller blind fitting
option

Inside mount (recess
fit) – on the interior of
the window frame

*

Type of bottom rail Flat *

Supplier to perform
Installation and
commissioning

Yes Yes

MECHANISM MATERIAL Control unit made up of
High strength
reinforced plastic

PVC *

Installation Bracket
type

“ L ” brackets *

Installation Bracket
made up of

Mild steel and Zinc
plated

*

Spring made up of Rustproof High carbon
steel springs

*

Top roller type Aluminium pipe with
groove (to fix the fabric
in the groove)

*

Head rail made up of Aluminium exclusion
rail powder coated

*

Chain type Endless beaded chain *

Chain material 4.2 mm plastic bead
moulded on 2.2 mm
thick polyester coat

*

Pitch of the beads 6 mm *

Roller tube made up of Anodized extruded
tube of high strength
alloy

*

Inner diameter(id) 38 mm (id) *

Wall thickness of roller
tube

1 mm *

                               3 / 7



 

End plug Polyester reinforced
plastic

*

Bottom rail made up of Aluminium extruded
rail with groove

*

Cassette made up of Aluminium extruded
rail

*

Finish of exposed
portion

As per Buyer’s choice *

Powder coating
minimum thickness

50 microns *

Cassette/ pelmet front
side shall be matching
to the fabric

Yes *

DIMENSION (Blinds) Width - *

Length - *

MOTOR SPECIFICATION Speed (Hint : select NA
if not motorized)

N.A *

Control (Hint : select
NA if not motorized)

N.A *

Voltage (Hint : select
NA if not motorized)

N.A *

Maximum Power
consumption (Hint :
select NA if not
motorized)

N.A *

Frequency (Hint : select
NA if not motorized)

N.A *

Minimum Lifting
capacity (Hint : select
NA if not motorized)

N.A *

Noise (Hint : select NA
if not motorized)

N.A *

FABRIC DETAILS Fabric material Polyester Polyester

Fabric Patterns As per Buyer's choice *

Fabric Weight in GSM
(± 10)

- *

Light blocking
percentage of outer
layer (in case of Single
and dual roller blinds
both)

- *

Light blocking
percentage of inner
layer (in case of dual
roller blinds only) Hint :
select ‘0’ in case of
Single roller blinds

- *

                               4 / 7



 

Colour fastener to
light (Rating range)

5 5.0 - 8.0 Or higher

Colour of fabric As per Buyer's choice
(To be intimated within
3 days of order. If there
is delay in confirming
colour of fabric, DP to
be refixed for the
delayed period)

*

Agree to provide
Advance sample(s) of
fabric for buyer’s
approval before
commencement of
supply Hint : Applicable
in case of orders placed
against bid and not
applicable in case of
Direct Buying

Yes *

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years (for
mechanism only)

1 1

CERTIFICATION ISO certified
manufacturer (proof
of the same to be
submitted to buyer
on demand if ISO
certified)

No No

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Chandan Kumar 110025,FC-33, Plot No. 20,
Institutional Area, Jasola,
New Delhi

400  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings
approved from buyer before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed
Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either
approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification required in the drawings
within 10 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of

                               5 / 7



 

drawing– the delivery period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of
Drawing.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 2 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

4.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 5
samples for Buyer's approval, within 5 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

5.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Centre for
Development of Advanced Computing payable at New Delhi.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

7.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the
name of Centre for Development of Advanced Computing A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank
should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along
with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

8.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Centre for Development
of Advanced Computing payable at New Delhi.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

9.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration

                               6 / 7



 

relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Centre for Development of Advanced Computing payable at New Delhi. After award
of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to
ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of
contract.

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of Centre for Development of Advanced Computing A/C (Name of the Seller). The
bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the
sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and
stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the
FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of Original FDR to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

