












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/673556

  Dated: 15-06-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 03-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-03 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 45 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Gail India Limited

Organisation Name Gail India Limited

Office Name Dibiyapur

Total Quantity 70

Item Category lead acid battery

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 40
(a). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Finance

                               1 / 6



 

Dibiyapur, GAIL India Limited, GAIL India Limited, Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
(Sm)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Lead Acid Battery ( 70 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Types of Lead Acid
of Battery

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Small sized Valve
Regulated Lead -Acid
Batteries (SMF)
conforming to JISC:
8702/1998 (Part 1,2 &
3) with latest
amendments

Nominal Voltage of
Battery (volts)

12.0 Volt 12.0 Volt

Material of container Polypropylene Hard Rubber, Fibre
Reinforced Plastics
(FRP), Polypropylene,
ABS

Rated Capacity at
C20 discharge (AH)

80 80

Warranty (Years) 3 Years 3 Years

Battery Condition Charged *

CONSTRUCTIONAL Dimensions (L x W x H)
(mm x mm x mm)

As per relevant IS
Specifications

*

Volume of Electrolyte
(ml)

- *

Weight of Dry Battery
(Kg) shall be as per
relevant IS: Specn.,
corresponding Ah

Yes. *

No.of cells per Battery
(No.)

6 Cells for 12 Volt
battery

*

Certifications Availability of Test Yes *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/pO7act6lz6rnqrUzgQ8v0GeHp6xdrRqBy_utOp-ddCc


 

Reports from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accrediated Lab
showing conformity to
the specifications

Address of the Lab - *

Name of the Lab - *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report Date - *

Compulsory
Registration (CRS) of
BIS for safety as per IS
16046 as applicable.
Secondary Cells and
(Batteries containing
Alkaline or other non-
acid Electrolytes-Safety
Requirements for
Portable sealed
secondary cells, and for
Batteries made from
them for use in
portable applications

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anil Kumar
Dwivedi

206244,GAIL (INDIA) LTD,
HVJ COMPRESSOR STATION,
DIBIYAPUR

70  60

Special terms and conditions for category lead acid battery 

1.Battery serial number list shall be furnish by the seller along with the supply of the battery
to Buyer

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

                               3 / 6



 

2.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

7.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and
evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller

                               4 / 6

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf


 

itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

8.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total
value.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

