












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/711607

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And
Employees Of Urban Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Ghiror

Total Quantity 1

Item Category twin bin dumper placer product and material
transport

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  20 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 6



 

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 20% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Twin Bin Dumper Placer Product And Material Transport ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine
Capacity ( Must be in
range of 700 cc to
7500cc) (cc)

798 *

Model No. - *

Pay Load Capacity 1 1

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Fuel Consumption (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test
Agency under Rule
115of CMVR 1989)
(Ltr/hr)

10 10

Max Engine BHP - 42

Max Engine Torque
(N-m)

110 110

Top Speed (Kmph) 80 80

Braking Distance (m) 3 3.0

Gradeability of
Vehicle (%)

43 43

Engine Aspiration
System

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Turbocharged
Intercooled

Type of chassis for
Vehicle

- *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/z1IEF9t2fIlX-Co11Ic6ox82xXtObiZXnZIqIR-RGDI


 

Fuel Tank Capacity
(Ltrs)

35 35.0

Type of Cabin - *

Load Body Type - *

Trailer Type - *

Ground Clearance
(mm)

175 175.0

Floor Area (mm2) 300000 300000

Wheel Base (mm) 2250 2250.0

Kerb Weight (kg) 1120 1120.0

Gross Vehicle
Weight (Kg)

2120 2120.0

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

Drive Axle Rear Rear

No of Axle 2 2

Axle Configuration ( No
of Outside Tyre x No of
Driving Tyre)

- *

Type of Front Axle and
Suspension System

- *

Type of Rear Axle and
Suspension System

- *

No of Speed/
Forward Gears

5 5

Type of Steering Power Operated Power Operated

Turning Radius (mm) 2375 2375.0

Type of Clutch - *

Type of Front Brakes - *

Type of Rear Brakes - *

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT No

- *

Constructional
Parameters

Colour of the Vehicle - *

Overall Length (mm) 4282 4282.0

Overall Width (mm) 1603 1603.0

Overall Height
(Cabin) (mm)

1200 1200.0

Type and Location of
Shock Absorbers

- *

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Radial

No of Front Tyre(
Must be of

2 2

                               3 / 6



 

Pneumatic Type)

No of Rear Tyre(
Must be of
Pneumatic Type)

2 2

Size Of BIS marked
Front Tyre with Ply
Rating

- *

Size of BIS marked
Rear Tyre with Ply
Rating

- *

Number of Bins 2 2

Individual Bin
Capacity (cc)

1.5 1.5

Tipping Hooks Type - *

Maximum safe load
(without tipping the
vehicle) handled by
lift arm (kg)

1000 1000.0

Material Of Bins - *

Thickness of Bins
Sheet Material (mm)

0.8 0.8

Stabilizers type - *

Power take Off (PTO)
type

- *

PTO shaft rotation
for hydraulic pump
maximum presure
generation (rpm)

1200 1200

Manufacturer of
Hydraullic system

- *

Replaceble filter
provided in the
hydraulic system return
line

Yes *

Maximum pressure
developed by
hydraulic pump (bar)

30 30

Maximum Hydraullic
fliud circulation rate
of hydraulic pump
(lpm@rpm)

15 15

Emergency Stop button Yes *

Performance
Parameters

Warranty Distance
(km)

1000 1000.0

Warranty Time
(Months)

12 12.0

                               4 / 6



 

No. of Free Service 3 3
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Raghuvir Singh 205121,nagar panchayat
ghiror

1  40

Special terms and conditions for category twin bin dumper placer product and material
transport 

1.ARAI of complete product / equipment. If it is not available then ARAI of chassis will be
required along with confirmation from supplier (OEM/fabricator only) that they are
conforming the CMVR rules for compliance of equipment and registration of equipment with
RTO is their responsibility.

2.Only bid /RA option will be available for buyer as these equipments are not standard and
freight Intensive product.

3.Test reports if any, desired by buyer will be provided by seller at the time of supply.
4.Operational and maintenance contract if desired by buyer will be provided as per their

requirement.
5.Delivery period will be 90 days (normal).

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the

                               5 / 6



 

State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents

sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
9.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered

as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

10.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

