












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713163
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Health & Family Welfare Department Gujarat

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Government Ayurved Pharmacy Vadodara

Total Quantity 120

Item Category Polyethylene Bags for general purposes

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with

                               1 / 3



 

the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Polyethylene Bags For General Purposes ( 120 kilogram )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Physical Characteristics Type of Material LDPE LDPE

Class of Bag Flat Bag Flat Bag

Structure of Bag Side seal bottom and centre
seal

Side seal bottom and centre
seal

Shape of bag Rectangular *

Color Transparent *

Pattern plain *

Nominal Thickness of
Film (in microns)

75 75

Size( b x l) (mm) 230 mm x 340 mm 200 mm x 300 mm, 230 mm
x 340 mm

Certification Product confirming to IS
9738 latest

Yes *

Whether ISI Marked No No

CM/L Number (Must declare
if ISI Marked)

- *

Packing and Marking The packing packets shall
be marked with the
following information: a)
Dimensions of the bags;
b)Quantity; c)Indication of
the source of manufacturer;
d)Made from virgin
polymers; and e) Recycling
mark as per IS 14534

Yes *

The bags may also be
marked with the Standard
Mark

Yes *

The use of the Standard
Mark is governed by the
provisions of the Bureau of
Indian Standards Act, 1986
and the Rules and
Regulations made
thereunder The details of
conditions under which the
Iicence for the use of the
Standard Mark maybe
granted to manufacturer or
producers may be obtained

Yes *

                               2 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/L4Q7zfFaJ3lS374XxYYZTWWMA2scWhWWGISZS3RPBIQ


 

from the Bureau of Indian
Standards

Generic Bag Type Flat Bag Flat Bag

Used for Not Applicable *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rathod Gajendrasinh 390019,GOVERNMENT AYURVED
PHARMACY OUTSIDE PANI GATE
NEAR UDHYOG NAGAR
VADODARA 390019 GUJARAT

120  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be

provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

