












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713075
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Infrastructure And Industrial Development Department Uttar
Pradesh

Organisation Name Printing And Stationary Department Government Of Uttar
Pradesh

Office Name Allahabad

Total Quantity 56000

Item Category maplitho paper

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  161 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Post Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 40320

                               1 / 5



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 6

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Director Printing & Stationary, UP
Allahabad, Infrastructure and Industrial Development Department Uttar Pradesh, Printing and Stationary Department
Government of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Director Printing Stationary , Up, Prayagraj)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Maplitho Paper ( 56000 kilogram )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformity to Indian
Standard IS 1848(Part 1
):latest for Maplitho Paper

Yes *

ISI Marked Yes *

CM/L Number and Date - *

Test Report Details Water Marking/Security
fibre on Maplitho paper

Manufacturer as well as
DDO mark

Manufacturers mark, DDO
Mark, Manufacturer as well

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/AHsJA69UfA1ZLYEr1aW1ld6qmRI0eEFCit5HmIyu9_Y


 

as DDO mark, Security
Fibre, NA

Test method as per IS: 1060 Yes *

Availability of Type Test
Report covering complete
test parameters as per
IS:1848 latest from any
ILAC/NABL
accredited/Central Gov.
LAB.

Yes *

Test certificate Number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name and Address of the
Lab where test Conducted

- *

Material Material used (if ECO
marked as per clause 4-8-2
of IS: 1848(Part 1) latest)

- *

Size and Dimension GSM of Paper 75 70, 75, 80, 90, 95, 100, 120,
130, 60

Width of sheet (mm) 594 *

Width of Reel (mm) NA *

Length of sheet (mm) 841 *

Physical Properties Brightness (%) 90 82 - 95

Tear Index MD
(Nm.m^2/g)

4.5 3.5 - 5

Tear Index CD
(Nm.m^2/g)

5.5 4 - 6.5

Tensile Index MD (Nm/g) 45 30 - 50

Tensile Index CD (Nm/g) 20 20 - 40

Surface pH 6.5 *

Double fold MD (Nm/g) 15 15 - 40

Double fold CD (Nm/g) 10 10 - 30

Opacity (%) 90 85 - 95

Smoothness (Bendtsen)
(ml/min)

200 150 - 300

Cobb test (one
minute)Max Avg (g/m^2)

22 15 - 25

Wax Pick No pick on 10A *

Packing Packing of maplitho paper
as per IS: 6211 latest

as per IS: 6211 latest *

Packing In SHEET IN REEL, In SHEET

Weight Net Weight of Paper
(without weight of wrapping
paper in Kg as Accounting
Unit) in Reel/sheets as per
relevant clause of IS:1848

- *

Net weight (without weight
of core pipe and plugs,
wrapping/packing paper in
Kg as accounting unit)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally

                               3 / 5



 

be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Hari Shanker 226004,Government Press
Aishbagh Mill Road Lucknow

56000  30

Special terms and conditions for category maplitho paper 

1.1. If watermarking is requested by the buyer, size and location will be intimated to the Seller by the buyer
through e-mail separately. 2.The order will be treated as completed with variation of +/-2% of ordered quantity
against purchase order subject to fulfillment of other conditions of product details.

2.Subject to provisions of Public Procurement (preference to 'Make in India'),order 2017 notified vide Department
of Industrial Policy and Promotion ,Ministry of Commerce and Industry order dated 31st July,2018, the following
types of Paper, Paper Board and Newsprint where sufficient domestic manufacturing capacity and local
competition is available, minimum local content is specified as below:Type of Paper - Maplitho paperRelevant BIS
Standard - IS1848:2007Minimum Local Content (%) - 75

3.The minimum local content shall be reckoned with reference to ex-factory price (pre-GST) on which the
manufacturer has paid GST.

4.The Public Procurement of paper for office supplies and printing of textbooks should be certified to be
manufactured in India by paper mill that does not import more than 25% of its total raw material consumed.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection

Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): Buying Department
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Buying Department

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

4.PESCO Certificate: PESCO Certificate shall be mandatory for procurement of bid items.
5.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

Service Support.
7.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

8.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

9.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.

                               4 / 5



 

Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.
10.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
11.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft also (besides

PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in favour of Director Printing & Stationary, UP
payable at Prayagraj. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of
PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

13.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Director Printing & Stationary,
UP payable at Prayagraj.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

