












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/715875
  Dated: 18-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Health And Family Welfare

Department Name Department Of Health Research

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Bhopal Memorial Hospital & Research Centre Bhopal

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Haemodialysis Machine

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

CMC Required  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 21550

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 62

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                             1 / 11



 

Beneficiary: 
Director, BMHRC
Bhopal Memorial Hospital & Research Centre Bhopal, Indian Council of Medical Research, Department of Health
Research, Ministry of Health & Family Welfare, Government of India, Raisen Bypass Road, Bhopal - 462038 (M.P.)
(Dr. Prabha Desikan)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

Haemodialysis Machine ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERAL FEATURES Product name Haemodialysis or Dialysis
machine

*

Clinical purpose Purification of blood of a
person by removing excess
water and waste products
from the blood using
artificial kidney with the
help of a dialysis machine
out side the patient's body
whose kidneys are
dysfunctional, damaged or
missing

*

Patient category Pediatrics and adults *

CONSTRUCTION,
OPERATION AND
FUNCTIONAL FEATURES

Material of the body Polypropylene (PP) Polypropylene (PP)

The Machine should be of
latest technology with
microprocessor controlled

Yes *

Machine should have
Acetate & Bicarbonate
dialysis facility

Yes *

Machine should have two
bacterial filters (Pyrogen
filters) one at water inlet
and one before water going
to dialyzer

Yes *

Machine should have
Sequential/Isolation Ultra
filtration facility

Yes *

It should have Arterial ,
Venous & Transmembrane
pressure monitoring facility

Yes *

Arterial Pressure
Monitoring

-300 mm Hg to +300 mm
Hg

-300 mm Hg to +300 mm
Hg

Venous Pressure Monitoring -60 mm Hg to +500 mm Hg *

Transmembrane Pressure
Monitoring

-60 mm Hg to +500 mm Hg *

                             2 / 11

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/oLAZpRG8EPhPvyHsJGwqdoGi1S_O2mtgDfhNmem7n78


 

Treatment parameters
should be displayed by
trend curve and digital both
in a user friendly manner

Yes *

Arterial Blood pump flow
rate (ml/min)

15 to 600 15 to 600, 20 to 600

Blood tubing pump segment
should be operator
changeable for use of
different type of blood
tubing sets

Yes *

Blood Tubing Pump
segment range 4mm to
10mm approx

Yes *

Variable dialysate flow
(ml/mt)

300 to 800 200 to 800, 300 to 800

Dialysate Temperature
(degree C)

34 to 39 34 to 39

Machine should have
Single Needle dialysis
facility

With double blood pump With double blood pump

Machine should have
volumetric Ultrafiltration
system

Yes *

Machine should have
inbuilt on-line Dialysate
fluid filter system for
ultrapure Dialysate
delivery

Yes Yes

Machine should have In-line
Bicarbonate mixing and
solution preparation facility
with sterile dry powder
cartridge during dialysis

Yes *

Machine should have Air
bubble detector facility with
level adjustment facility for
Venous Chamber

Yes *

Machine should have
Optical Sensor to check the
presence of blood/saline in
the extracorporeal blood
circuit system

Yes *

Should have Na,
Bicarbonate and UF profiling

Yes *

Should have drain facility Yes *

Machine should have
Heparin Infusion Pump with
rate 0 to 10ml/min and
Bolus infusion up to 5ml/min
approx

Yes *

Heparin infusion pump
delivery range (ml/min)

0 to 10 0 to 10

Heparin infusion pump
bolus infusion range
(ml/min)

0 to 5 0 to 5

Machine should have blood
leak sensor

Yes *

                             3 / 11



 

Alarm will be activated for
blood loss rate not greater
than 0 point 5ml/min at
maximum dialysate flow of
800ml/min

Yes *

Machine should be able to
accept different concentrate
formulation, different
dialyzers and blood tubing
set

Yes *

Ultrafiltration rate (Lts/Hr) 4 *

Machine should have
variable conductivity setting
between 13 to 15(minimum
range)

Yes *

Machine should have facility
for priming and rinsing of
dialyzer and blood lines

Yes *

Machine should have
automatic
priming/reinfusion facility

Yes *

Machine should have Hot
Rinsing and Hot Chemical
Disinfection facility (Temp
above 80 deg Celsius) with
recirculation system

Yes *

it should have various
Chemo Thermal cleansing
and disinfection programs

Yes *

Machine should have
Ultrafiltration and Sodium
Profiling facility

Yes *

Built-in heat exchanger Yes *

Machine should have
built-in automatic pulse
rate and blood
pressure(NIBP)
monitoring unit

Yes Yes

Built-in online NIBP
recording facility

Yes Yes

Online clearance kt/V facility Yes *

Machine should be up
gradable to future
software development
and can be linked for
Data Management
System

Yes Yes

All important data should be
preset so that machine can
be used anytime without
feeding data every time

Yes *

Should have automatic self
test facility

Yes *

Automatic diagnosis of
malfunctioning with on line
ability to show the faults
with trouble

Yes *

                             4 / 11



 

Audio visual alarms on limit
violation of
conductivity,blood leak, air
leak, transmembrane
pressure alarms,, Dialysis
temperature alarm,dialysis
can empty alarm, end of
disinfection alarm,bypass
alarm and blood pump stop
alarm, alarm for reverse
Ultrafiltration etc

Yes *

STANDARD ACCESSORIES Bacterial filters (Sets) 2 2

ELECTRICAL FEATURES Should have auto ON/OFF
Facility

Yes *

LED indicator on front panel
for status of machine

Yes *

Power supply (with Indian
plug)

220+/-10% V, 50Hz, AC
Single phase

*

Machine should have
Automatic battery backup
for complete Extracorporeal
blood system during power
failure

Yes *

UPS of suitable rating with
voltage regulation and spike
protection for 60 minutes
back up

Yes *

USER INTERFACE Colour TFT display operated
by touch buttons or touch
screen

Yes *

Colour panel display size
(inch)

10 10.0 - 15.0 Or higher

Data protection while power
goes off

Yes *

Memory for storage of
records

Yes *

USB and Ethernet for file
sharing

Yes Yes

PACKING MODE The product is packed
individually in a box with all
its accessories in such a
way that there will be no
transit damage

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS & REPORTS Availability of test
report/quality assurance
report from parent
manufacturer

YES *

Product certification EU-CE *

Certificate No - *

Certificate Date - *

Certificate issuing authority - *

Four digit number of notified
body If product is EU-CE
certified

- *

Certification, performance
and safety standards

IEC 60601-2-16,ISO
14971:2007,IS:13450(Part

*

                             5 / 11



 

specific to the device 1)

Submission of all the
certifications and test
reports to the buyer along
with supplies on demand

Yes *

INSTALLATION & TRAINING Supplier to perform
installation, safety and
operation checks before
handover

Yes *

Training of users in
operation and basic
maintenance shall be
provided

Yes *

WARRANTY &
MAINTENANCE

Onsite comprehensive
warranty from the date of
installation and
commissioning (in years)

5 *

User technical and
maintenance manual
detailing complete
maintaining schedule with
routine maintenance should
be provided

Yes *

Contact details of
manufacturer, supplier and
local service agent to be
provided

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Anand Kumar Tamboli 462038,Raisen By Pass Road
Karond Bhopal

1  15

Special terms and conditions for category Haemodialysis Machine 

1.Comprehensive warrantyComprehensive warranty shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as
per technical/ service /operational manual of the manufacturer, service charges and spares,. During the warranty
period commencing from date of the successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each
consignee site as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six
months. warranty shall not be including the consumables .Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during
warranty period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X 365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend warranty period by double the
downtime period.Service centresDetails of Service outlets in India to render services for equipment to be
furnished to buyer/consignees with complete address ,telephone numbers, e mails etc at time of making the
supplies .It shall be the responsibility of seller to ensure that authorized service centres are available to cater to
the areas where supplies are made within reasonable distance from where the service calls can be handled
.Details of toll free numbers for service call and online registration of service requests also to be provided
buyer/consignee at the time of supplies.Source of supplyIt shall be responsibility of seller to provide Documents
regarding source of equipments such as copy of Performa invoice or any other documents to establish that the
products supplied are manufactured by OEM indicated and sourced from them.Packing and MarkingMedical
equipments being very delicate and sensitive packing for the goods should be strong and durable enough to
withstand transit including transhipment (if any), rough handling, open storage etc. without any damage,
deterioration etc. .The size, weights and volumes of the packing cases, remoteness of the final destination of the
goods, availability or otherwise of transport and handling facilities at all points during transit up to final
destination,. Quality of packing, the manner of marking within & outside the packages and provision of

                             6 / 11



 

accompanying documentation shall take in to consideration the type of medical equipments being supplied. The
accessories shall be suitably labelled and packed .Each of the package shall be marked on three sides with
indelible paint of proper quality: indicating contract number and date , brief description of goods including
quantity ,. Packing list reference number , country of origin of goods and any other relevant details.Spare
PartsSeller shall provide materials, information etc. pertaining to spare parts manufactured and supplied by the
OEM . It shall be ensured that the required spares are available for purchase at least for 10 years from date of
supplies .In case due to any reasons the production of the spare parts is discontinued sufficient advance notice
should be given to the buyer/consignee before such discontinuation to provide adequate time to purchase the
required spare parts etc. Further, OEM and their service centres/dealers shall carry sufficient inventories to
assure ex-stock supply of consumables and spares for the equipments so that the same are available.OEM or
reseller shall always accord most favoured client status to the buyer/consignee and shall give the most
competitive price for spares and consumables of its machines/equipments supplied.Installation, Training,
ManualsSeller shall be responsible to carry out Installation & commissioning, Supervision and Demonstration of
the goods. They shall provide required jigs and tools for assembly, minor civil works for the completion of the
installation and Training of Consignee’s representatives for operating and maintaining the equipment and
Supplying required number of operation & maintenance manual for the goods. In case the category parameters
are specifying any requirements regarding the installations , training and manuals the same shall also be
applicable. Electrical safety checkingSellers are required to make sure that they furnish the list of equipments for
carrying out routine and preventive maintenance to buyer/consignee. They should make sure to periodically
check the electrical safety aspects as per BIS Safety Standards or equivalent .In case they do not have required
equipment for such testing should ensure that the equipments checked for electrical safety compliance through
labs with facilities for such checking during every preventive maintenance call. Software All software updates
should be provided free of cost during warranty period.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Certificate for the supply of the same to any Govt/ PSU/ any renowned private organisation along

with Supply/ Purchase Order.
2.If the agency is registered under MSME or NSIC, then EMD exemption certificate needs to be enclosed.
3.Make in india specific authorisation certificate needs to be enclosed.
4.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be

provided in Buyer’s standard format only.
5.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

6.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

7.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the contract, does not contain
Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical damage, loss of
information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property Right (IPRs) are caused due to
activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

8.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

9.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

10.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Director, BMHRC payable at 
Bhopal.

                             7 / 11



 

Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

11.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of Director,
BMHRC, Bhopal A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on
the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder
by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering
letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

12.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft also (besides
PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in favour of Director, BMHRC payable at Bhopal.
After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure
delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

13.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt also (besides PBG
which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in the name of Director, BMHRC, Bhopal
A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or
with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released in favour of bidder by
the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with covering letter.
Successful Bidder has to upload scanned copy of the FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery
of hard copy of Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

14.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods
and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)

15.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

16.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
17.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
18.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

19.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by Government
buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor should work out input credit for that
GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total amount of new
goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding GST. This is because GST charged
by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC (input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for
the purpose of quoting in the bid and evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back)
as indicated in column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh Good
(A)

%age of
GST on

Fresh Good
as

considered
by seller at
the time of
quote (B).

GST
Amount on
Fresh Good

(C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)

as fixed by
buyer in
the bid

GST
Amount on
Buyback

item (F) as
applicable
at the time
of invoice
by buyer

Quote of
the Bidder (
G={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not alter their quoted price
indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well as buy back items
separately after award of contract through email to the government buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item with GST to the buyer
for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller itself without any extra
cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the seller at the cost of
buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of order. This in no case will modify the bid
in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting the environment in
any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the corrigendum with minimum
price.

                             8 / 11



 

11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing to take back the
old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less than the minimum
price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)
 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government buyer/consignee at
the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods. Seller will be entitled for payment only
after removal of old goods from Government buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh
goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU working through their
ERP and not integrated with GPA.

20.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

21.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

22.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

23.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

24.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service personals / engineers
are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a time bound manner and for ensuring Timely
Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the
relevant clause of the bid.

25.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 5 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

Additional Clause For Comprehensive Maintenance Charges 
  1.CMC shall include preventive maintenance including calibration as per technical/ service /operational manual of the
manufacturer, service charges and spares, after satisfactory completion of Warranty. During the CMC period
commencing from date of the successful completion of warranty period, Service personnel shall visit each consignee site
as recommended in the manufacturer’s technical/ service /operational manual, at least once in six months. CMC shall
not be including the consumables. Further there will be 98% uptime warranty during CMC period on 24 (hrs) X 7 (days) X
365 (days) basis, with penalty, to extend CMC period by double the downtime period.

  2.CMC charges to be indicated as percentage of cost of equipment quoted for each year after the warranty period.

                             9 / 11



 

  3.GST shall be included in the CMC Charges quoted.

  4.Cost of CMC will be added for Ranking/Evaluation purpose with depreciation formula. A 10% discounting rate per year
shall be applied on CMC Charges for price evaluation on present value.

  5.The payment of CMC will be made on quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by
end user.

  6.While creating a bid or RA buyers shall indicate whether CMC is required against Yes/No options. If CMC Charges are
included an option for number of years for CMC required after the warranty period shall be available. Under this options
up to 5 years can be chosen for CMC charges beyond warranty period.

  7.The CMC functionality shall be available in bid only and no direct RA shall be applicable. In case of bid to RA
decrement rules shall be applicable on total price inclusive of CMC charges. Bunching of products shall not be available
while creating bids with CMC charges.

  7.1. Buyer shall indicate number of years of warranty by selecting option of 2 or 5 available in the field depending on
warranty parameter applicable in category parameters for the equipment. The Seller while participating in Bid/RA will
get fields to indicate CMC charges as percentage depending on number of years of CMC selected by Buyer. The
following shall be applicable If 5 year CMC selected  

CMC charges for first year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated- A 1
CMC charges for second year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A2
CMC charges for third year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A3
CMC charges for fourth year after warranty period – Fixed amount to be indicated A4
CMC charges for 5th year after warranty period – Percentage to be indicated A5

7.2. The calculation of CMC Charges shall take in to account of number of years of warranty and duration of CMC as
specified while creating bid.

  7.3. In the price evaluation, the system shall provide function to calculate the cost of each equipment by formula
indicated below including CMC and then show the inter-se- ranking of the bidders. The following are the variables.

  (i) Number of years for which CMC required.
  (ii) Number of years of warranty. The formula for calculating total cost including CMC charges shall be :

  Total cost for evaluation= C+ C*( A1/100) /(1.10n) + A2/100/(1.10n+1)+ A3/100/(1.10n+2)+ A4/100/(1.10n+3) +
A5/100/(1.10n+4)
  C – Cost for equipment quoted and n shall be number of years of warranty specified
  If 2 year warranty specified n shall be 2 and if 5 year specified n shall be 5.

  A1,A2 A3 A4 A5 shall depend on how many years CMC selected If 3 year means only A1,A2 and A3 factor to be not
taken in to account and A4 and A5 will not be applicable

  7.4. CMC charges to be indicated for each subsequent year should be same or higher than preceding year.

  7.5. The CMC charges shall be offered within range of 3 to 10% of cost of equipment.

  8. Since CMC charges are to be paid only later for each year during CMC period , applicable performance guarantee
amount after placement of contract shall be based on the cost of equipment and not on basis of cost of equipment along
with CMC Charges.

  9. Performance bank guarantee applicable for CMC is to be submitted at start of the CMC and shall be applicable 2.5%
as specified in bid on the total contract value including CMC Charges The PBG submitted  after award of contract shall
be released only after new PBG for the CMC period is submitted and accepted by buyer/consignee after due verification.
Bank guarantee for CMC is to remain valid till completion of CMC period plus one year .The bank guarantee for CMC
shall be submitted to buyer directly.

  10. In case of splitting of quantity equipment cost and CMC charges offered by L-1 in the evaluated cost shall be
matched by higher quoting eligible bidders on one to one basis .The equipment cost shall be matched and CMC charges
shall be matched year to year.

  11. The CMC Contract shall be an offline contract to be handled by buyer. The payment of CMC will be made on
quarterly basis after satisfactory completion of said period, duly certified by end user and scope of CMC will be as per
para 1 above.

  12. The above terms and conditions shall be part of the bid as well as part of the contract. 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                            10 / 11

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                            11 / 11

http://www.tcpdf.org

