












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/687216

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 19:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name The Directorate General, National Disaster Response
Force,

Total Quantity 6

Item Category multicable winch

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  17 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

                               1 / 4



 

EMD Amount 70800

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 30

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
PAO NDMA
PAO NDMA , NDMA Bhawan, Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi through The Directorate General,
National Disaster Response Force, Ministry of Home Affairs
(Pao)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Multicable Winch ( 6 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Nature of Operation Rescue Work *

Mode of Operating Motor Operated *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Yl2PV5cNW_3GF4PjTjz1LwuaOulCnDzAXO6iULeftLA


 

CONSTRUCTIONAL Motor Power (hp) 5 5, 6, 7, 8 Or higher

Type of Motor Series Wound Electric
DC Motor

*

Make of Motor others Confirming to IS
325:1996 reaffirmed
2007 with ISI Marked

*

Type of Rope - *

Length of Rope
(meter)

30.5 30.5

Diameter of Rope
(mm)

10 10

Length of winch (mm) 565.2 *

Width of winch (mm) 158.8 *

Height of winch (mm) 203.2 *

Weight of winch (kg) 42 *

Guide Pulley Yes *

Handle/ Mounting
System for Class III two
inch Receiver

Yes *

Free Spool Clutch Yes *

Battery Cable with
mounting kits

Yes *

Drum Capacity
(meter)

228.6 228.6

Remote Control with
min. 3.6 meter

Yes Yes

PERFORMANCE Pulling Power
(Tonne)

5.2 5.2

Retrieval Speed of
Rope at no load at
Full Pull (meter/min)

6 6

CERTIFICATION Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt./NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Yes *

Test Report No and
Date

- *

Name and Address of
the Lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

                               3 / 4



 

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Raj Kumar Sharma 141008,13TH BN NDRF PO-
LADHOWAL, DISTRICT-
LUDHIANA (PUNJAB)-141008

6  150

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): Board of officers detailed by DG NDRF
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: Board of officers
detailed by Consignee Office

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 15 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

