












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712500
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Uttar Pradesh

Department Name Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh

Organisation Name E-municipalities - Eservices To Citizens And Employees Of Urban
Local Bodies Of Uttar Pradesh

Office Name Khatauli

Total Quantity 25

Item Category tricycle or rickshaw

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank HDFC Bank

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 15000

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER

                               1 / 5



 

Khatauli, Urban Development Department Uttar Pradesh, e-Municipalities - eServices to citizens and Employees of Urban
Local Bodies of Uttar Pradesh ,
(Executive Officer)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Tricycle Or Rickshaw ( 25 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Parameters Manufacturer Drawing No. - *

Generic Parameters Driving Mechanism Pedestal Chain Pedestal Chain

Length of Tricycle (mm) 2000 2000.0

Length of Cart (mm) 1500 1500

Width of Cart (mm) 1000 1000

Height of Cart (mm) 300 300

Number of Plastic
Containers with lid and
handle (Nos)

8 8

Capacity of the each
Container (Litres)

30 30.0

Material of the Container
and Lid

Virgin HDPE Virgin HDPE

Material of Handle of
container

- *

Loading Capacity of the
Tricycle (Kg)

- *

Constructional Parameters Frame Structure Made of MS Tubes Made of MS Tubes

Diameter of MS Tube
(mm)

28.6 28.6

Thickness of MS Tube
(mm)

1.63 1.63

Cart Frame Material MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

MS Angle of size 25 x 25 x 3
mm

Material of Bottom Plate
of Cart

Mild steel plate Mild steel plate

Thickness of Bottom
Plate of Cart (mm)

0.7 0.7

Holes in Bottom Plate of
Cart

Having 12 mm diameter
holes at a distance of 200
mm square Matrix

*

Lengthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS

3 *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/jcXaz1eHkBXwRvGtCFjISPYwJiC661XFq1DOpLj0Moc


 

Plate (Nos)

Widthwise Number of
Stiffeners below the
Plateform to support the MS
Plate (Nos)

1 *

Stiffener Material M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

M S Angle of size 25 x 25 x
3 mm

Finish of Handle Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Chain Wheel Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Finish of Crank Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Front Rim Thickness (mm) 3 *

Number of Front Wheel
(Nos)

1 *

Type of Front Wheel Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Front Rim Diameter (mm) 700 *

Front Rim Width (mm) 38 *

Number of Spikes in Rear
Wheel (Nos)

32 *

Diameter of Spike of
Front Wheel (mm)

700 700.0

Number of Rear Wheels
(Nos)

2 2

Type of Rear Wheels Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Puncherless Rubberised
Wheel

Rear Rim Diameter (mm) 400 400.0

Rear Rim Width (mm) 80 80.0

Rear Rim Thickness (mm) 3 *

Number of Spikes in Front
Wheel (Nos)

40 *

Thickness of Spike of
Rear Wheel (mm)

3.2 3.2

Daimeter/ Width of Spike in
Rear Wheel (mm)

3.2 *

Support Details of Rear
Wheels

- *

Minimum Wall thickness
of the Plastic Container
and Lid (mm)

4 4.0

Maximum Ash content of
the container and Lid
when tested as per
Annex D of IS
14887/2014 (%)

1 1

Pretreatment Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Two coats of red oxide after
phsphating before painting

Colour of the Frame - *

Paint Ennameled Paint Ennameled Paint

Colour of the Cart - *

Manufacturer 's Name
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

Year of Manufacturing
Marked on the Tricycle

Yes *

Finish of Rim Nickel and Chrome Plated *

Colour of the Container and
Lid

- *

Accessories Parameters Bell Yes *

Two Reflectors at back Yes *

Type of Reflector Plastic *

Lock for locking the Tricycle Yes *

Tool Kit Yes *

First Aid Box Yes *

Tricycle Seat with Cover Yes *

Hangers for broom and
wiper

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rahul Kumar 251201,Nagar Palika Parishad
Khatauli Muzaffarnagar, UP

25  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of EXECUTIVE
OFFICER NAGAR PALIKA PARISHAD KHATAULI A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the
deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR
will be released in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed
and stamped along with covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

7.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
8.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25

percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
10.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.

                               4 / 5



 

Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

