












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714005
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 21:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Rural Development And Panchayat Raj Department Maharashtra

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Panchayat Samiti Bhandara

Total Quantity 4

Item Category solar street lighting and renewable energy street lighting

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

                               1 / 5



 

Solar Street Lighting And Renewable Energy Street Lighting ( 4 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Confirm to specification As per MNRE specification
for Solar Photovoltaic
Lighting Systems &amp;
Power Packs - White LED (W-
LED) Based Solar Street
Lighting Systems

*

Model as per MNRE
Specification

Model I Model I

Battery Model II:with Lead Acid
Battery. Operates from dusk
to dawn ( first four hours at
full brightness &amp; rest of
the time at lower light level,
with motion sensor)

Model II:with Lead Acid
Battery. Operates from dusk
to dawn ( first four hours at
full brightness &amp; rest of
the time at lower light level,
with motion sensor)

Colour temperature of White
- LED (deg K)

5500 deg K to 6500 deg K *

PV module (Wp) under
STC (Wp)

Model II: 30 Model II: 30

Battery capacity ( 12V-
AH @ C/10) to be
selected as per model in
line with MNRE
specification for
guidelines

120WAh 120WAh

Scope of supply with errection and
commissioning at consignee
end

with errection and
commissioning at consignee
end

CONSTRUCTIONAL Autonomy For Model I: 3 days or
minimum 42operating hours
per permissible discharge

*

Type of Light source White light emitting diode
(W-LED)

*

Light output (Lux) Must
declare as per MNRE
specification

- *

Duty cycle Dusk to dawn as per MNRE *

PV module chemistry Crystalline silicon solar cells *

PV module efficiency (%) > / = 12 *

No load current
consumption (mA) Must
declare (not more than 20
mA)

</=20 mA *

Necessary cables and
connectors as part of supply
of lighting system

Yes *

CERTIFICATIONS Battery Type, make and
model

- *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/TbGj1CsNlCMZvm1wJ4fZe-p-QaukgWyjqHbTkHt89xg


 

PV module certification For humidity, freeze and
damp heat tests certificate
conforming to IEC 61215
Edition II / BIS 14286 from
an NABL or IECQ accredited
laboratory

*

Warranty for street lighting
system including battery
(Years)

>/=5 *

Warranty for Pv module
(Years)

> / = 25 *

Availability of test reports
from Central Government or
NABL or ILAC accredited Lab
covering all the parameters
as per MNRE specification

Yes *

Test Report No. - *

Test Report date - *

Name of Test lab - *

Address of the Test lab - *

Make Model Number
Country of origin and
technical charecteristics
(including IESNA LM -80
report) of W -LED

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Sunita Jagannatji
Jambhale

441904,PANCHAYAT SAMITI BHAN
DARA,TAHASIL-
BHANDARA,DISTRICT-BHANDARA

4  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local

                               3 / 5



 

suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose credentials are
validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation
benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders
are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for
Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

6.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder
wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along with
their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore,
the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if
the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. Only
Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as
per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to
Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

7.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

8.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

9.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

10.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection
Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in
ATC): SELLER MUST UPLOAD THE "FORMAT 7" COPY ISSUE BY BUYER/CONSIGNEE WITH SITE SURVEY REPORT
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: SELLER MUST UPLOAD ELECTRICAL
CONTRACTOR LINCENSE COPY

11.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before dispatch, the goods
will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized Representative or by Nominated External Inspection
Agency (independently or jointly with Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at
designated place for inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external laboratories testing
charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost.
Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will
notify the Seller about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for
testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection. Consignee's
right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his location shall in no way be limited or
waived by reason of the goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its
Nominated External Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in inspection
beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without Liquidated Damages.

12.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
13.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
14.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
15.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

16.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 15

                               4 / 5



 

days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

17.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

