












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/701087

  Dated: 07-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 10:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 10:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Science And Technology

Department Name Department Of Scientific And Industrial Research
(dsir)

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Csir - Central Salt & Marine Chemical Research
Institute

Total Quantity 1

Item Category DSLR/ COMPACT / HANDHELD CAMCORDER or VIDEO
CAMERAS

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

                               1 / 7



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

DSLR/ COMPACT / HANDHELD CAMCORDER Or VIDEO CAMERAS ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TYPE Classification of
Camera

Still Still

Type of Camera DSLR APS Format DSLR APS Format

IMAGE SENSOR Image Sensor CMOS CMOS

Sensor Size for Fixed
Lens Camera (inch)

1/2.3 1/2.3

Sensor Size for
Interchangeable
Lens Camera
(mmxmm)

22.5 x 15 22.5 x 15

Effective Pixels
(Mega Pixels)

24 24

ISO (Sensitivity of
the image Sensor)
Max

51200 51200 Or higher

Supported Picture or
image format

JPEG,RAW *

OPTICS Lens Mounting Detachable Detachable

Mount type - *

Type of Lens Prime Lens *

Minimum Focal
Length

24 24.0

Maximum Focal
Length

75 75.0

Minimum Lens
Aperture (f/number)

22 22

Maximum Lens
Aperture (f/number)

22 22

                               2 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/7LX6gaWw4qM08IiKTfZl9gttPB9X9rnEzkGNYd7BEyU


 

Optical Zoom 3X to 5X 3X to 5X

Digital Zoom (X) 4 *

Maximum Field of View 180 *

Focus Mode Auto,Manual *

Video Recording Video Recoding Yes Yes

Maximum Recording
Resolution (Pixels)

4K (3840 x 2160) 4K (3840 x 2160)

Frame Rate 120 120

Video Compression
Format

H.264,MJPEG,MPEG4 *

Live Video
Streaming

No No

Video Output Port Mini HDMI *

Video file format AVCHD,XAVC/4K *

AUDIO Audio Recording Yes Yes

Audio Recording Type Buit-in,External *

Number of Audio Input
Port

1 *

Type of Audio input
Port

3.5 mm (Stero mini
jack)

*

Audio Output Yes Yes

Number of Audio
Output Port

NA *

Type of Audio output
Port

NA *

DISPLAY Display Yes Yes

Display Type TFT *

Touch Screen Yes Yes

Display Size (inch) 2.6 - 3 2.6 - 3

Vari Angle Screen Yes Yes

View Finder Yes Yes

FEATURES Flash Built-in Built-in

GPS coordinates
Stamping onto Videos /
photographs

No *

Gyro Sensor Yes *

Voice Control No *

Connectivity Interface Wi-Fi,NFC,USB *

Control Remote,App *

Supported Operating
Systems for App

iOs,Android *

                               3 / 7



 

Picture control system Auto,standard,portrait,
monochrome,landscap
e

*

Noise reduction
Feature

Yes *

Flash modes Auto,Flash fill,Slow
Synchro,Advanced
Sync,Flash Off

*

Shutter type electronically
controlled

*

Minimum Shutter
Speed

30 *

Maximum Shutter
Speed

0.25 *

Drive modes Self-Timer *

STORAGE Storage Type Micro SD,SD,Memory
Stick

*

Dual Slot Yes *

SD Card Memory
inclusive in the scope
of supply (GB)

64 *

Memory Card
expandable upto (GB)

512 *

In-built Memory(GB) 0 *

BATTERY Power Source Rechargeable Battery *

Battery Size, if Non
Rechargeable Battery

NA *

Battery Chemistry, if
Rechargeable Battery

Li-Ion *

Number of Batteries
required for operation

1 *

Number of Batteries
supplied (Inclusive in
the Scope of Supply)

1 *

BATTERY CAPACITY
(mAh)

1020 *

Battery Charger for
Rechargeable Batteries

Yes *

OPERATING
CONDITIONS

Minimum Operating
Temperature (for
land use)

-5 -5.0

Maximum Operating
Temperature (for
land use)

50 50.0

Operating Humidity,
Rh at 40 deg C

85 85.0

                               4 / 7



 

GENERIC Housing
construction

Composite
polycarbonate outer
shell with metallic
internal chassis

Composite
polycarbonate outer
shell with metallic
internal chassis

IP Protection IP 55 IP 55

Carry Case inclusive Yes Yes

Weight 396 *

Dimension (WxHxD)
(mmxmmxmm)

- *

List of Items and
Quantity of each item
included in the offer

- *

WARRANTY Warranty 2 2.0
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Patel
Rakeshkumar
Mavjibhai

364001,CSIR-Central Salt &
Marine Chemicals Research
Institute Gijubhai Badheka
Marg Bhavnagar 364001

1  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 5 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

4.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have
regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 2 years before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

5.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by
the Government of India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification
of GST concession and the conditions for eligibility of concession are met by the institution.
A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the Seller after award of the Contract.
Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the Concessional rate of GST.

                               5 / 7



 

Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : 45/2017 and 47/2017 dated 14/11/2017

6.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right
or remedy available to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a
written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within
the stipulated Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery
Period and/or to replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has
placed the Purchase Order on the Seller.

7.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
8. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

9.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

10. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

11.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 100% of total
value.

12.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition

                               6 / 7



 

is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

