












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/708390

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 20:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 20:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Human Resource Development

Department Name Department Of Higher Education

Organisation Name Indian Institute Of Technology (iit)

Office Name Bhubaneswar

Total Quantity 4

Item Category Potable water purification system Reverse Osmosis or
UV based

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM

                               1 / 8



 

{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Potable Water Purification System Reverse Osmosis Or UV Based ( 4
pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Standards Certification for the
product

WQA WQA

Certification number
and date

- *

Manufacturers
Quality System
Certifications

ISO 9001:2015 ISO 9001:2015

Manufacturers
Environment
Management System
Certifications

ISO 14001:2004 ISO 14001:2004

Manufacturers
Health and Safety
Management System
Certifications

ISO 18001:2007 ISO 18001:2007

Performance
Parameters

Maximum Input
Water TDS allowed
to the system

1000 1000

Type of water
purification
technology

UV UV

Aavailability of
sediment and activated
carbon filter

Yes *

Operation Fully automatic with
auto cut off

Fully automatic with
auto cut off

Ultraviolet (UV)
LAMP

Yes Yes

Conformity to
Standard for
Ultraviolet system

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet

IS 14724 (latest) for
water purification
system with Ultraviolet

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/kZzd5VxoVGfQ63pHysgpENESudsItAVOohckt8OPaw4


 

disinfection disinfection

"Ultra Voilet (UV) Lamp
power in watts (Hint
put zero in case UV is
not available)"

8 *

Recovery at 27
degree Centigrade

30-40 30-40

Output Water
Conforming standard

IS 10500 (latest) *

Filtration Capacity in
liter/ hour

80 80

Provision of Arsenic
removal

No No

Provision of Floride
removal

No No

Provision of Chloride
removal

No No

Alkaline filter No No

Storage tank Not available Not available

Type of out put
water Storage Tank

NA NA

Storage Tank
Capacity (storage
tank external for
higher capacity if
required to be
arranged by buyer)

NA NA

Minimum inlet
pressure

0.3 KG/CM2 0.3 KG/CM2

Maximum inlet
pressure

3.5 KG/CM2 *

Maximum inlet
temperature

35 DEGREE 35 DEGREE

Digital display No No

Real time TDS
display

No No

Real time pH Display No No

High pressure pump No No

Raw water/Chemical
Raw water/Chemical
Cleaning PUMP

No No

Micron Filter Yes Yes

Total Dissolved
Solids Removal
Percentage from RO
Membrane

NA for UV only NA for UV only

                               3 / 8



 

Particulate Filter
Porosity

5 micron 5 micron

Pressure vessel
Sand Filter

No No

Pressure vessel
carbon Filter

No No

Pressure Vessel Dual
Media Filter

No No

Membrane Housing No No

Body of filter ABS Food grade ABS Food grade

Auto cut Yes Yes

Number of candles 2 2

Power supply 230 Volt single phase 230 Volt single phase

Installation Type Wall mounted Wall mounted

Miscellaneous
Parameters

Warranty in years
including
replacement of
filters Sediment &
carbon twice a year)

1 1

Warranty in years
free replacement of
machine

1 1

Antiscalant- where
silica is up to 10
ppm/where Mica is
up to 100 ppm

No No

Availabilty of type
test Test REPORT for
Filtering Size of
micron Particles

Yes Yes

TYPE Test certificate No
and date for Filtering
Size of micron Particles

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test for
Filtering Size of micron
Particles:

- *

Availability of type Test
Report on Microbial
Efficacy from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab

- *

Type Test certificate No
and date for Microbial
Efficacy

- *

Name of the lab - *

Availability of test Yes Yes

                               4 / 8



 

report from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab
(Design Evalution
Report as per
IS:14724

Test certificate No and
date

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted Test

- *

Availability of test
report from
Govt/NABL/ilac Lab
regarding water quality
as per IS:10500

Yes *

Type Test certificate No
and date

- *

Name and Address of
laboratory which
conducted type Test
regarding water quality

- *

Copies of certifications
and reports to be given
to buyer at time of
supplies

Yes *

User/Technical/Mainten
ance manuals to be
supplied in English in
hard and soft copy

Yes *

Availability of toll
free centers for
customer support

Yes Yes

Installation and
Commissioning
inclusive in the
scope of Supply*

Yes Yes

Availability of NABL
Accredited
Laboratory Facility
with OEM

Yes Yes

Name and Address of
NABL Accredited lab
with OEM , If Not
available put NA

- *

Inlet Pipe & Fitting
from raw water
scorces to water
purification system

suitable pipe and fitting
to be provided by seller
up to 15 feet

suitable pipe and fitting
to be provided by seller
up to 15 feet

Pipe & Fitting from
Out let to purified

To be arranged by
seller (upto 15ft)

To be arranged by
seller (upto 15ft)

                               5 / 8



 

water tank

Electrical fitting and
plug points

To be arranged by
buyer /consignee

*

Scope Civil Work if any
required during
installation

All Civil work shall be
responsibility of buyer

*

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Srinivasa
Ramanujam
Kannan

752050,Indian Institute of
Technology Bhubaneswar
Argul, Jatni Dist-Khurdha,
Bhubaneswar-752050

4  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase
from Class 1 local suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of
locations at which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid
is liable to be rejected. In case the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration
relating to percentage of local content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost
auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered
accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to
Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase
preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence
over this clause.

4.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

5. Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement
by some foreign governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not
allowed to participate in this bid in terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference
to Make in India) Order, 2017

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have

                               6 / 8



 

Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.
7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of

Telephone Numbers for Service Support.
8.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have

regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central /
State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening
date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having
supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product
having highest value should meet this criterion.

9. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

10.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

11.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the
bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the
offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of
Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the
bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence
in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or
service.

12.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

13.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

14.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in
Bids less than 200 Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in
Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020): Preference shall be given to Class 1 local
supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as
amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned
Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1
local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of

                               7 / 8



 

the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition is made along
with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case the bid value is
more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be
certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing
cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public
Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has
selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will
get precedence over this clause.

15.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and
Commissioning of Goods

16.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

17.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by
the Government of India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification
of GST concession and the conditions for eligibility of concession are met by the institution.
A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the Seller after award of the Contract.
Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the Concessional rate of GST.
Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : 45/2017 - Central Tax (Rate) dated 14/11/2017

18.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

19.WORLD BANK TERMS AND CONDITIONS: Special Terms and Conditions as defined by world
bank at click here will also be applicable. APPLICABLE ONLY IN CASE OF WORLD BANK
FUNDED PROJECTS.

20.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://assets-bg.gem.gov.in/resources/pdf/STC%20for%20World%20Bank%20funded%20contracts.pdf
https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

