












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712358
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 18:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Madhya Pradesh

Department Name Public Health And Family Welfare Department Madhya Pradesh

Organisation Name National Rural Health Mission (nrhm)

Office Name Chief Medical And Health Office

Total Quantity 54

Item Category Tablet Computers

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  45 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Pre Dispatch

Name of the Empanelled Inspection Agency/
Authority

 Board of Officers

Estimated Bid Value  1161000

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 5.00

EMD Amount 58050

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DHS NHM
Chief Medical And Health Office, Public Health and Family Welfare Department Madhya Pradesh, National Rural Health
Mission (NRHM),
(Chief Medical And Health Officer Chhatarpur)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Tablet Computers ( 54 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Operating System Operating System
Details

Android Oreo 8.0 or Higher Android Oreo 8.0 or Higher,
iOS 12.0 or Higher Or higher

Display Display Size (Minimum)
(Inch)

10 10, 10.5, 11, 11.5, 12, 12.5,
12.9, 10.2 Or higher

Display Resolution
(Pixels)

1920 x 1080 1920 x 1080, 2048 x 1536,
1800 x 1200, 2560 x 1600,
2732 x 2048, 2388 x 1668,
2224 x 1668, 2160vx 1620
Or higher

Display Type TFT *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/_DRGcvIFRn7nDyPs7FXwr-FBdHrIFYLpzD09vXQ8qvU


 

Type of Touch Screen Capacitive *

Display Colour 16 Million *

Multitouch Support Yes *

Brightness (Minimum)
(Nits)

400 *

Technology Mobile Commn Technology GSM *

Connectivity Connectivity Type Wifi + Cellular Wifi + Cellular Or higher

Cellular Data Support 4G / LTE 4G / LTE, VoLTE Or higher

GPS Yes Yes Or higher

AGPS Yes Yes Or higher

Number of GSM SIM
Available

1 1, 2 Or higher

Cellular Voice Calling Yes Yes

Wi-Fi Connectivity Type 802.11 ac *

Bluetooth Connectivity
(Minimum Version)

5 *

Processor Processor Speed
(Minimum) (GHz)

1.51 to 1.8 1.51 to 1.8, 1.8 to 1.99, 2.0
& higher Or higher

Processor Core (Number) 8 8 Or higher

Processor Architecture 64 Bit *

Processor Make Exynos *

Memory RAM Type LPDDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 2 1.5, 2, 3, 4, 8 Or higher

Storage Internal Storage
Capacity (GB)

32 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512,
1024 Or higher

Micro SD Card Support Yes *

Storage upgradable upto
(Through Micro SD Card)
(GB)

128 or higher *

Camera Rear Camera (Mega
Pixel)

8 5, 8, 12, 13 Or higher

Front Camera (Mega
Pixel)

5 2, 5, 7, 8 Or higher

Video Recording Resolution 1080p *

Video Recording Frame Rate
(fps)

30 *

Digital Zoom Yes *

Geotagging Feature Yes *

General Battery Capacity
(minimum) (mAH)

6001 - 7000 6001 - 7000, 7001 & higher
Or higher

Weight including Battery
(max) (Grams)

500 *

Dimensions (Length x
Breadth x Thickness) (mm x
mm x mm)

- *

Docking Compatibility No *

Certification Specific Absorption Rate
(SAR)

</= 1.6 Watts/Kg *

                               3 / 6



 

BIS Registration Under CRS
of Meity for Tablet alongwith
Battery

Yes *

BIS Regn number And its
validity

- *

Google Mobile Service
Certification for Android OS

Yes *

Other Certifications
Available (Details of the
relevant certificate number
and the name/ID of
corresponding notified
Bodies shall be provided as
and when demanded by the
buyer)

UL/CB,CE,FCC,RoHS *

Standard Accessories Standard Accessories to be
supplied with the Tablet

USB Cable & Charger *

Additional Accessories (OEM
/ Third Party)

OTG Cable No Yes, No Or higher

Docking Station No Yes, No Or higher

Compatible Carry Case Yes Yes Or higher

Compatible Smart Cover No Yes, No Or higher

Compatible Active Stylus No Yes, No Or higher

Ear Phone Yes Yes Or higher

Miscellaneous USB Ports Type C *

Audio Port 3.5mm Jack *

Additional Features Accelerometer *

Inbuilt Speaker Yes *

If Yes, Type of Inbuilt
Speaker

Stereo *

Other Options Availability of Mobile
Device Management
(MDM) Support

Yes Yes

Mobile Device
Management (MDM)
License and Support
(Year)

1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

Mobile Device
Management Hosting
(MDM)

Cloud Based Cloud Based

Device Enrolment
Program (DEP) for
automation of MDM and
Supervision of iOS
devices

NA Yes, No, NA

Device Enrolment
Program (DEP) License
and Support (Year)

0 0, 1, 2, 3 Or higher

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree C)

- *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree C)

- *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

- *

                               4 / 6



 

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

- *

Warranty Availabiliy of Service
Centre for Warranty
Obligation

District Level State Level, District Level Or
higher

OEM Warranty including
Battery

Carry In *

OEM Warranty Period for
Battery (Year)

2 2 Or higher

OEM Warranty Period for
Tablet (Year)

2 2 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Avnish Prakash
Pateriya

471001,CMHO OFFICE IN FRONT
OF MAHARAJA COLLEGE PANNA
ROAD CHHATARPUR

54  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before dispatch, the goods

will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized Representative or by Nominated External Inspection
Agency (independently or jointly with Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at
designated place for inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external laboratories testing
charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost.
Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will
notify the Seller about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for
testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection. Consignee's
right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his location shall in no way be limited or
waived by reason of the goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its
Nominated External Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into
account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in inspection
beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without Liquidated Damages.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 7
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 7 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

3.For clothing and allied items, if pre-dispatch Inspection clause has been selected in the Bid, the Inspection
Agency shall forward sample from the accepted lot duly identified/ sealed by it, as Reference Sample to each
consignee (one reference sample per consignee) for comparing the lot received at consignee end with such
reference sample. Such reference samples will be treated as part of supplied quantity from the lot and cost shall
be borne by the Buyer.

4.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Chief Medical And Health Officer
Chhatarpur payable at Chhatarpur.

                               5 / 6



 

Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

5.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Fixed Deposit Receipt made out or pledged in the name of Chief Medical
And Health Officer A/C (Name of the Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only
on the demand or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of EMD, the FDR will be released in favour of
bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly signed and stamped along with
covering letter.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the FDR along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to
the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

6.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Banker’s Cheque in favour of Chief Medical And Health Officer Chhatarpur
payable at Chhatarpur.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the BC along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

