












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/709112

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence Reseach & Development

Organisation Name Office Of Dg (ecs)

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 6

Item Category Computer Printers

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 3.00

EMD Amount 24298

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 26

                               1 / 6



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Stores Officer
Dare, Department of Defence Reseach & Development, Office of DG (ECS), Ministry of Defence
(S Sagaya Raju)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Computer Printers ( 6 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specifications Cartridge
Technology

Composite Cartridge Composite Cartridge,
separate toner and
drum Or higher

Printing Technology Laser Laser

Type of Printing Mono Mono

Paper Size A4 A4, A3 Or higher

Print Speed per
minute as per
ISO/IEC 24734 in
(A4) Size - Mono

62 65, 70, 71, 75, 80, 85,
90, 95, 100, 105, 110,
62 Or higher

Print Speed per
minute as per
ISO/IEC 24734 in
(A4) - Color

0 4, 7, 8, 10, 12, 15, 16,
18, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40,
45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70,
75, 80, 85, 90, 95, 100,
105, 110, 26, 27, 31,
38, 4.4, 5, 5.7, 5.8, 6.8,
10.4, 15.5, 21, 24, 33,
46, 34, 19, 0, 14 Or
higher

Resolution (Dpi) 600x600 *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/-us0pgaSNvocCIOHBmlN9y2r0-EvqhjeURMnmzaK-Tw


 

Memory (MB) 1024 *

Hard Disk Capacity
(GB)

0 *

Processor Speed 792 MHz *

Duplexing Feature Yes Yes Or higher

Duplex Print Speed (
IPM)

41 *

Network Connectivity Yes *

Network Interface, if
available

Ethernet 10/100/1000 *

Wireless
Connectivity

No Yes, No Or higher

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

NA *

USB Port Yes *

Number of Main
Paper Trays

1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Or higher

Each Main Paper Tray
Capacity

500 *

Bypass Tray Facility Yes Yes Or higher

If Yes, Bypass Tray
Capacity

100 *

Yield of the
cartridge/Ink Tank/Ink
Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19798/2007(E) for
Cyan colour (Number of
prints)

0 *

Yield of the
cartridge/Ink Tank/Ink
Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19798/2007(E) for
Yellow colour (Number
of prints)

0 *

Yield of the
cartridge/Ink Tank/Ink
Pack supplied with
Machine as per ISO/IEC:
19752/2004(E) for
Black (Number of
prints)

11000 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology -Cyan

0 *

                               3 / 6



 

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology - Yellow

0 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology - Magenta

0 *

Life of Drum in terms of
number of Prints in
case of Separate Drum
and Toner cartridge
technology - Black

0 *

Duty Cycle (No of
Prints/month)

280000 *

Minimum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

10 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature (Degree
C)

30 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

20 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (% RH)

80 *

BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration no - *

Other Certifications
Available

RoHS *

Dimensions(In mm x
mm x mm )

- *

Weight (In kg) - *

On site OEM
warranty (Years)

2 3, 5, 2, 4 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

                               4 / 6



 

1 *********** ***********BANGALORE 6  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

2.The buyer organization is an institution eligible for concessional rates of GST as notified by
the Government of India. The goods for which bids have been invited fall under classification
of GST concession and the conditions for eligibility of concession are met by the institution.
A certificate to this effect will be issued by Buyer to the Seller after award of the Contract.
Sellers are requested to submit their bids after accounting for the Concessional rate of GST.
Applicable Concessional rate of GST : 5%
Notification No.and date : 45/2017 dated 14/11/2017

3.Warranty The following Warranty clause will form part of the contract placed on successful
Bidder :-
(a) The Seller warrants that the goods supplied under the contract conform to Defence Food
Specification prescribed and shall perform according to the said Defence Food Specification
in any climate and under all conditions of storage and movement in India (the warranty
period of the item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached from the date of
acceptance of stores).
(b) The Seller warrants for a period of warranty as prescribed (the warranty period of the
item is as given in the Defence Food Specification attached) from the date of acceptance of
stores, that the goods/ stores supplied under the contract shall be free from all types of
defects.
(c) Once the stocks are accepted by the verdict of CFL/ FIU, stocks are dispatched to various
depots and stocked/issued to troops for consumption. This does not mean that the
responsibility of supplier is over. At any point of time, the DGST or his authorised
representative (s) may draw samples from the stocks supplied from locations where they are
held at that point of time to confirm that the stocks supplied by the supplier are meeting the
concerned DFS. Prior to drawl of such samples, the supplier will be intimated by the fastest
means by the supply depot where the stocks are held to make available the authorised
representative of the supplier within three working days in whose presence the sample will
be drawn. Failing which, the sample will be drawn unilaterally and the decision on the same
will be final and no representation in this regard will be accepted later.
(d) If within the period of warranty, after analysis of the samples drawn as per Para (c)
above, the goods are reported by the Buyer to have failed to meet the quality parameters as
per the Defence Food Specifications, the stock will be declared as “Failed to Perform within
Warranty Period”. In the event of the supplies or part of it having been declared (during the
period of warranty) as “Failed to Perform within Warranty Period” by the Director General of
Supplies and Transport, QMG’s Branch, IHQ of MoD (Army), in New Delhi or any officer acting
on his behalf  whose opinion as to whether or not the particular consignment is meeting the
quality as per DFS for the item, will  be final  and  the  seller will avail any one options as
specified in the succeeding paras within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the
notification letter is dispatched for such defect by the buyer, failing which, the buyer will
take actions as deemed fit to recover from the supplier the price thereof together with all
incidental and freight charges incurred from the place of delivery to the place where the
supplies were ultimately condemned.  The opinion of the BUYER or any officer acting on his
behalf in regard to these charges will be final. This opinion shall be regarded as having been
made without committing Govt in any way nor will such decision prejudice the Govt rights.
(e) Claims shall be prepared by the supply depots for the cost of affected quantity
including GST and all incidental charges including transportation charges if any, and other
incidental charges if any through CDP (APO). The stocks shall be segregated at the supply
depot. The supplier is given two options in this eventuality. Option 1- Supplierwill make good

                               5 / 6



 

the loss amounting the claim prepared by the concerned supply depot by depositing the
money to PCDA (Delhi) within 30 days of intimation sent by APO to the supplier and supplier
shall lift the stock (only once supplier has made the payment to PCDA(Delhi)) from locations
where they are stored at that time within 45 days of date of issue letter by APO (with copy to
all) on his own cost, failing which the stock shall be destroyed by a board of officers. It shall
be the sole responsibility of the supplier to lift such stocks declared failed to perform within
warranty in the stipulated time. Option 2- the Seller shall replace the same free of charge,
within a maximum period of 45 days from the date the notification letter is dispatched for
such defect by the buyer, failing which the stores will be destroyed in situ at SELLER’s risk
and cost by a station board of officers. No DP extensions for the purpose is required and
consequently the firm will have to furnish a fresh validity of PBG submitted, at APO. The
fresh stock intended to replace with the affected stock, will undergo similar QC procedure as
followed during initial acceptance of the stocks. The supplier will transport fit stocks to the
supply depot where the affected stocks are held by his own cost and expense.
(f) The seller will intimate the buyer within 10 days of intimation dispatched by APO wrt the
defect in such an event, the option he is willing to adopt along with the documents as under
:-
  (i) If the seller is willing for option 1, the intimation letter will also accompany the proof of
the deposition of the claimable amount at PCDA Delhi.
  (ii) If the seller is willing for option 2, the intimation letter will include the extension of the
PBG for a corresponding period as per the warranty period mentioned in the DFS.
(g) In case, the seller fails to make good the loss or replace the affected stocks as desired,
after the stipulated time period of 45 days, such stocks will be destroyed insitu. Appropriate
legal action will be initiated against the supplier there after. Supplier cannot claim on the
destruction of such stocks irrespective of the outcome of the legal action.
(h) Such stocks which are stored in forward depots/ units from where it cannot be retrieved
for handing over to suppliers shall be destroyed by board of officers.
(j) The declaration by the Buyer or any officer acting on his behalf communicated to the
SUPPLIER in writing that a particular consignment has been condemned will be taken by the
SUPPLIER as the conclusive evidence of the proper communication of that consignment
provided that such communication is issued by the Buyer within 45 days of the expiry of the
warranty period. Nothing herein contain shall prejudice any other right of the BUYER in that
behalf under this contract or otherwise.
(k) Warranty in case of any preponement of supplies at the request of the supplier will be
valid as per the original Delivery Period.  A confirmation for the same will be issued in writing
by the supplier.
(l) The Supplier will have to refund to the government any claim under the warranty clause
and other claim(s) that may arise out or under this agreement as soon as a demand to that
effect is made by the Buyer failing which such claims will be recovered by adjustment
against the performance security deposits.  Should this sum be not sufficient to cover the
full amount recoverable, the Supplier shall pay the remaining balance due to the
government on demand. In respect of contracts providing for an execution by the Supplier of
guarantee regarding maintenance of the wholesomeness of stores supplied, the
performance security deposit or such portion thereof as may be decided by the Buyer may
be withheld till the expiry of the warranty period relating to final supplies.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

