












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/705556

  Dated: 10-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 20-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Maharashtra

Department Name Urban Development Department

Organisation Name Directorate Of Municipal Administration

Office Name Marathwada

Total Quantity 300

Item Category Plain Copier Paper

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

                               1 / 5



 

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Plain Copier Paper ( 300 ream )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conformance to Indian
Standard

Conforming to IS14490
: Latest

*

Whether ISI Marked No Yes, No

Give CML number if ISI
marked Write NA if not
ISI marked

- *

Test Method as per
IS:1060

Yes *

Test Report Details "Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification"

Yes *

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/WKgM26IAhUEl0r5rntbNyEc4ahVpvisHteV45r22qDk


 

"Test Report to be
Submitted to the Buyer
on demand"

Yes *

Additional
Requirements for eco
mark

The material shall be
manufactured from
pulp containing not less
than 60% by mass of
pulp made from
materials other than
bamboo,hard woods
,softwoods and reed or
the material shall be
manufactured from
pulp made from
100%waste paper

Yes *

Size Size of paper FS A4, FS

GSM of paper 75 75

Quantity "Number of sheets
per Ream"

500 500

Physical Characteristics "ISO Brightness,perc
ent,Min"

91 80

Opacity percent,Min 86 85

"One minute Cobb
test both
sides,g/m2,Max"

82 25

"Tensile Index
Machine Direction
(MD) ,Nm/g, Min"

86 40

Tensile Index Cross 
Direction(CD),Nm/g,
Min

78 25

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

2.5 Any applicable numeric
value

"Tear Index in mN
m²/g,Cross
Direction(CD)Min,"

2.4 Any applicable numeric
value

"Smoothness for
both sides
(Bendtsen) in
ml/min,Max"

80 Any applicable numeric
value

"Ash content(900◦C)
,percent by
mass,Max"

1.6 16

Thickness in µm,Min 4.6 0, 4.6

"Moisture
content,percent,Max
"

4.7 Any applicable numeric
value

                               3 / 5



 

"Taber Stiffness
,Machine
Direction(MD),Min"

25 2

Taber Stiffness
,Cross
Direction(CD),Min

25 1

"Surface Strength
Dennison (Wax
Pick)"

No pick on 12 A No pick on 12 A

Packing and Marking "Packing as per clause
6-1 of
IS:14490(Latest)"

Yes *

Package should be
marked with
Description,size of
Paper,Quantity,Mass of
500/250 sheets
including wrapping
paper in kg/ream
Chargeable wt should
be net wt excluding the
wt of packing,Lot
Number and
month/year of
manufacturing,Name of
manufacturer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rameshwar
Govindrao
Kulkarni

431401,Parbhani City
Municipal Corporation, Main
Building, Station Road,
Parbhani.

300  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be

given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder

                               4 / 5



 

must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 3% of total
value.

3.Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid Inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the reservation benefit, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service.

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting
Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from
the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog
Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the
bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods.
Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the
offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with
the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s)
has/have quoted price within L-1+ 3 % of margin of purchase preference /price band defined
in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will
be awarded for percentage of 3% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

5.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

