












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714376
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 70 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Odisha

Department Name Housing And Urban Development Department Odisha

Organisation Name Sonepur Municipality

Office Name Sonepur Municipality

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Screening Machine with Conveyor for processing Municipal
Waste

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  50 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Startup Exemption for Turnover  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 29000

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 14

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for

                               1 / 5



 

Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Executive Officer Sonepur Municipality
SONEPUR MUNICIPALITY, Housing and Urban Development Department Odisha, SONEPUR MUNICIPALITY,
(Suryanshu Root)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Screening Machine With Conveyor For Processing Municipal Waste ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Performance Parameters Application of Screening
Machine

Screening machine for
screening of compost
converted from garbage

Screening machine for
screening of compost
converted from garbage

Maximum Capacity of
Screening machine
taking 8 hrs per day
operation in tonnes(1000
Kg) with tolerance ± 1 T

15 15

Input Electrical Supply Three phase (440 V. 50 Hz) Three phase (440 V. 50 Hz)

Power of geared motor
for main drive in HP
@rpm at 1440 RPM

5 HP 5 HP

Motor class IE2 IE2

Independent Electrical Panel
for screening machine and
conveyor

Yes *

Type of control panel Manual Based Manual Based

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/y2uJyYQy1WmcpbjEWIDdJBgFw-ZVtRF0l5zD1RLdJhY


 

Features of control system MCB and VFD for setting of
desired RPM for screen

*

Noise level in dB at 1 meter
distance while working

85 *

Features of Belt
conveyor provided

Single roll through belt
conveyor

Single roll through belt
conveyor

carrying / return idler 76 mm with bearings and
seal at both sides

*

Take up Screw type take for belt
tightening

Screw type take for belt
tightening

Finishing and Painting
required for the machine

The entire Machine exposed
surface is ground and to be
painted with enamel paint
of customer desired shade

*

Installation and
Demonstration by seller at
site before acceptance by
buyer

Yes *

Warranty (with free
spare parts and free
service) on machine in
Years

1 1

Number of preventative
maintenance visits
during warranty (number
per annum)

2 2

Product Instruction
Manual,Maintanance Manual
and servicing instructions to
be supplied

Yes *

Tool kit for Repair and
maintenance to be supplied

Yes *

Electriccal safety
requirement as per IS
302-1:2008 latest
amendment

Yes *

Supporting structure for
the conveyor

Fabricated from channel
100 mm x 50 mm

Fabricated from channel
100 mm x 50 mm

Material Parameters Material of Housing
Enclosure

Mild steel *

Material to be Screened compost converted from
garbage

*

Material of screen MS *

Supporting structure of the
screen

Fabricated from MS Channel *

Material of Conveyor Frame MS *

Dimensional Parameters Diameter of screen in
mm

1200 1200

Length of the screen in
mm

4500 4500

Thickness of the screen
in mm

1.6 mm 1.6 mm

Perforation of the screen
diameter in mm

4 4

                               3 / 5



 

Reinforcement section of
the screen

10mm thick flat rings and 5
mm thick end shells

*

Center to center length
in meter

9.5 mtr 9.5 mtr

Belt width in mm 600 mm 600 mm

Conveyor frame size channel 100 mm x 50 mm channel 100 mm x 50 mm

Tail Drum Diameter in
mm

320 320

Diameter of shaft at bearing
step in mm

50 *

Overall Dimesnion of
machine in Length x width x
height (mm x mm x mm )

- *

Overall weight of the
Machine in Kg

900 *

Conveyor Parameters Type of Conveyor provided Belt conveyor *

Range of Capacity
handled by Conveyor in
TPH

11-15 11-15

Motor Power of geared
Motor in HP for Conveyor
@1440 RPM

3 3

Reports Availability of ISO
Certification for
Screening machine

Yes Yes

ISO certification number
with details if no ISO is
available put NA

- *

Availability of CE
Certification machine

Yes Yes

CE certification number with
details otherwise put NA

- *

Availability of test report
from central
govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification indicated
including safety
requirements as per IS
302 latest

Yes Yes

Test report number - *

Test report date - *

Name and address of the
lab

- *

Copies of Certifications
of manufacturer,
Certificates from
manufacturers for
bought out components
and material test
certificates to be
submitted to Buyer on
demand after placement
of order

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               4 / 5



 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gajendra Guru 767017,Nalini Chowk, Sonepur,
Dist- Subarnapur, 767017

1  20

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing Commissioning of Goods

and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances required (if any)
2.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered

office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.
3.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 3
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after
which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

7.Bidder / OEM has to give an undertaking that after expiry of warranty period, it will provide AMC Service for next 
3 years for the offered products at the rate not more than 1 % of contract price per annum. Buyer reserves the
right to enter into an AMC agreement ( covering preventive maintenance and servicing)with the Successful
Bidder / OEM after expiry of the Warranty period at rate as mentioned above and the payment for the AMC
charges would be made Annually after rendering of the AMC Services of the relevant AMC period. Performance
Security of the successful bidder shall be forfeited if it fails to accept the AMC contract when called upon by the
buyer. The original Performance Security of contract will be returned only after submission and verification of
AMC Performance Security for 2% of total AMC value valid up to AMC period plus 2 months (if there is no other
claim). (Undertaking of acceptance to be uploaded with bid).

8.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid

document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

