












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707657

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 75 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Petroleum And Natural Gas

Department Name Indian Oil Corporation Limited

Organisation Name Iocl- Wrpl

Office Name Rajkot

Total Quantity 2

Item Category diesel generators- DG Sets

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  5 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,OEM
Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 0.50

EMD Amount 4950

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

                               1 / 6



 

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 21

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
OM
INDIAN OIL CORPORATION LIMITED, WESTERN REGION PIPELINES , VIRAMGAM - 382150
(Ranbir Kumar Vishwakarma)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Diesel Generators- DG Sets ( 2 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

OUTPUT CAPACITY
RATING/ PHASE

Nominal Rated
Capacity (KVA)

25 25, 30, 40, 62.5, 82.5,
100, 125, 160, 180,
200, 250, 320, 380,
400, 500, 600, 750, 50,
140, 75 Or higher

No of Phase - Three Phase

ENGINE Make of Engine - *

Model Number of
Engine

- *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/NDhucpLbBXMs4Ugldb0YUAw9IfqkOmS0emz6ltaMprQ


 

Capacity of Engine (cc) - *

Engine Power (kWm) - *

ISI Marking to IS :10001
for engine

No *

BIS license No, if
applicable

- *

Type of Engine
cooling

Air Cooled Air Cooled

Type of governer Mechanical Mechanical, Electronic
Or higher

Class of governer A2 A0, A1, A2 Or higher

Number of cylinders
(nos)

3 *

No of Strokes (nos) 4 *

Rated RPM of Engine
(RPM)

- 1500

Overload capacity for
one hour for every 11
hours continuous
running at full load (%)

10 *

Specific Fuel
Consumption (gm/kWh)

- *

Starting voltage (volt) 12 *

ALTERNATOR AC GENERATOR(ALTER
NATOR) Make

- *

AC GENERATOR(ALTER
NATOR) model Number

- *

Rating of AC Generator
(KVA)

25 *

Power Factor of AC
generator

0.8 *

Efficiency at rated
Power factor at 75% of
full Load

88.45 *

Compliance of
Alternator to
IS:13364(part-1)

Yes *

Type of alternator Brushless *

Voltage Regulation
Grade

VG 3 *

Alternator IP Rating IP 23 *

Class of Insulation H *

CONTROL PANEL Control Panel AMF AMF

IP Rating of Control IP 53 *

                               3 / 6



 

Panel

ACOUSTIC ENCLOSURE Sheet Thickness 1.6 1.6, 1.8, 2 Or higher

Thickness of Foam 20 *

Density of Foam for
sound insulation

28 *

Noise level at 1 meter
(dB)

75 *

BATTERY Battery Type &
Specification

Low Maintenance free
to IS: 14257 for high
cranking performance

*

Battery capacity (Ah) - *

No of batteries 1 *

TEST REPORTS Availability of Type test
report for Engine from
Central govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited laboratory

Yes *

Test Report number
and date(Engine)

- *

Name and address of
laboratory(Engine)

- *

Availability of Type test
report for Alternator
from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accredited laboratory

Yes *

Test Report number
and date(Alternator)

- *

Name and address of
laboratory(Alternator)

- *

DG set meet
requirements of Enviro
nmental(Protection)
Rules 1986, in respect
of noise and emission
norms, as described in
STC

Yes *

WARRANTY /
INSTALLATION &
COMMISSIONING

Warranty 1 2.1, 2.0, 1.0, 1.5

Installation &
Commissioning

With Installation With Installation,
Without Installation

Agreed to STC of the
Product

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               4 / 6



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Ranbir Kumar
Vishwakarma

382150,Western Region
Pipelines, Indian Oil
Corporation Limited, Post
Box No. 4, Viramgam, Near
Hansalpur Chowkadi,
Ahmedabad

2  90

Special terms and conditions for category diesel generators- DG Sets 

1. In addition to General Terms and Conditions of GeM, Special T&C shall be applicable for
Diesel Generating Set/DG Set. click here to view the Special terms and conditions.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be
given to MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs)
Order, 2012 dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to
avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product
in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public
Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder
must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this
regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1
is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15% of margin of
purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given
opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 50% of total
value.

5.Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before
dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized
Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with
Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for
inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract
specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external
laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will
provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about
readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the
Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing.
The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection.

                               5 / 6



 

Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his
location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been
inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection
Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7
days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in
inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without
Liquidated Damages.

6.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): 1. Availability of Type Approval
Certificate for the specified rating of the Power Generator from any of the designated agency
authorized by CPCB 2. Availability of Type test report and Endurance test report for Engine
as per IS: 10001 latest / IS: 10002 latest from Central government/ NABL/ ILAC accredited
laboratory.

7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 7 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

9.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Payment online through RTGS / internet banking in
Beneficiary name Indian oil corporation limited (Pipelines Division) Account No. 
10524942089 IFSC Code SBIN0003829 Bank Name STATE BANK OF INDIA Branch address 7,
JAGNATH PLOT, DR. YAGNIK ROAD, RAJKOT 360001.
 Bidder to indicate bid number and name of bidding entity in the transaction details field at
the time of on-line transfer. Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the Online Payment
Transfer along with bid.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

