












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714688
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Indo Tibetan Border Police (itbp)

Office Name 29 Bn. Itbp Jabalpur

Total Quantity 5000

Item Category Wheat atta/Flour

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should

                               1 / 4



 

meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Wheat Atta/Flour ( 5000 kilogram )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Physical Characteristics
Physical Characteristics

Grades Low Gluten (LG) *

"The material shall be
obtained by milling sound
and clean wheat It shall be
in the form of powder
having a characteristic taste
and flavour It shall be free
from rancidity, insect,
rodent or fungus infestation
It shall also be free from
fermented,musty or other
objectionable odour It shall
not have adulterants and
other extraneous matter"

Yes *

The material shall be
manufactured in premises
using equipment
maintained under hygienic
conditions (see IS :
2491-1963)

Yes *

Requirements Requirements
Requirements Requirements
Requirements Requirements
Requirements Requirements
Requirements Requirements
Requirements Requirements

Moisture, percent by weight,
Max

13 *

Total ash (on dry basis),
percent by weight, max

2.5 *

Acid insoluble ash (on dry
basis), percent by weight,
max

0.1 *

Gluten (on dry basis),
percent by weight, max

7-9 *

Crude fibre (on dry basis),
percent by weight, max

2.5 *

Alcoholic acidity (As
H2SO4), with 90 percent
alcohol,percent by weight,
max

0.1 *

Granularity "To satisfy the test " *

Packing Packing for the bags "any other suitable material
as agreed to between the
purchaser and the vendor."

*

"The mouth of the bag shall
be either machine stitched
or hand stitched If it is hand

Yes *

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/OomvjPEHidRipqoacL8y5qTw5rt292Bm_4I_QH9fBXk


 

stitched,the mouth shall be
rolled over and then
stitched The stitches shall
be in two cross-rows with at
least 14 stitches in each row
for jute bags of 65 kg and
above

"For packages above 65 kg,
unless otherwise between
the purchaser and the
vendor, the material for
packing shall be sound A-
twill or B-twill jute bags or
DW-flour bags conforming
to IS:1943-1964, IS :
2566-1965 and IS:
3984-1967 respectively

Yes *

Packing size (in kg) 2 20, 2

"For packages above 65 kg,
Unless otherwise between
the purchaser and the
vendor, the material for
packing shall be single
sound A-twill or B-twill jute
bags or DW-flour bags
conforming to IS:
1943-1964*, IS : 2566-1965
and IS:
3984-1967,respectively

yes *

Marking "Each bag shall be suitably
marked so as to give the
following information: a)
Name and grade of the
material; b) Name and
address of the
manufacturer; c) Batch and
code number; and d) Net
weight

Yes *

"All markings shall be
applied on the bag in such a
manner that the dye or ink
does not penetrate into the
material

Yes *

Shelf Life Shelf Life 6 *

Certification Conformity specifications Conformity to BIS
specifications 1155-1968
(latest)

*

Whether ISI marked No *

BIS License number, if ISI
Marked

NA *

Agmark Certification No *

Test Report Details Availability of Test Report
from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC accredited
lab to prove conformity to
specification

No *

Test Report to be submitted
to the Buyer on Demand
write NA if Test report is not
available

NA *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.

                               3 / 4



 

  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Kunal Tiwari 494226,THQ, 29th Bn.Indo Tibetan
Border Police force Krishi Mandi,
Dist-Kondagoan,
Chhattisgarh-494226

2500  15

2 Vikram Singh 482021,29TH BN ITBP JAMTARA
CAMP PO GOUR NADI DISTRICT
JABALPUR MADHYAPRADESH

2500  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,

manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

2.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25
percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered
quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates.
Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

3.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 5 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked by Buyer’s Lab &

the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.
6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
7.Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase

preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose
credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In
respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary
evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is
not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 1 % of margin of purchase preference /price
band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be
awarded for percentage of 1% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

