












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703127

  Dated: 09-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Electronics And Information Technology

Department Name Na

Organisation Name National Informatics Centre (nic)

Office Name Nic West Bengal State Centre

Total Quantity 84

Item Category Buy Back - Stationary Value Regulated lead acid
batteries

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  7 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  55 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience
and Turnover

 Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 27720

                               1 / 7



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 36

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
In-Charge, Purchase
Govt. of India, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, National Informatics Centre (NIC),
West Bengal State Centre, Bidyut Bhavan(ground Floor), DJ-Block, Sector-II, Saltlake, Kolkata-91
(Biswajit Chakraborty, Scientist-e)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Buy Back - Stationary Value Regulated Lead Acid Batteries ( 84 pieces )

                               2 / 7



 

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Scope of Buy back Cells / Battery with buy
back means exchange
of one new unit with
one old unit

Yes *

Description of New
Battery to be supplied
by Seller

Stationary Value
Regulated lead acid
batteries conforming to

IS: 15549/2005 with
Amendement 1 and 2
latest

*

BIS Marked No Yes, No

BIS Marked if ''YES"
declare BIS License
Number (CM/L Number)
If "NO" write NA

- *

Battery Voltage 12 Volt 12 Volt

Battery Capacity (in
Ah) at 10 H Rate

200 Ah 200 Ah

Material of
Container

Polypropylene Co-
polymenr (PPCP)

Polypropylene Co-
polymenr (PPCP)

Material of separators
as per Cl. 4.5 of
IS:15549:2005 latest

Glass Mat *

Battery supply
condition condition

Factory Charged
Condition

*

CONSTRUCTIONAL Material and
construction for
Containers, Cell Lids,
Plates, Electrolyte,
Terminal posts,
Fasteners, Connectors
and Separators as per
Cl. 4 of IS:15549:2005
latest

Yes *

Marking as per Cl. 8 of
IS:15549: 2005 latest

Yes *

Application of battery Float *

Number of cells per
battery

6 Cells for 12 Volt
Battery

6 Cells for 12 Volt
Battery

Method of
connections between
cells

Bolted Bolted

Over all dimension of
each battery (Length x
Width x Height) in mm

- *

                               3 / 7

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/6ZIYCq8xSxxENL7pNV2N02KEbF_J_ruMQvc6R0jv2ic


 

- Must declare

Weight of each battery
(in Kg) - Must declare

- *

Instructions/Manuals
shall be furnished for
procedure and
monitoring the health
of battery during
maintenance and
preventive measures
required

Yes *

Warranty (in Years) 3 3

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of complete
and satisfactory type
test Report from
Central Government /
NABL/ ILAC accredited
laboratory to showing
conformity of the
Specification

Yes *

Test report Number - *

Report date - *

Name of Lab - *

Address of Lab - *

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
to the buyer/consignee
on demand

Yes *

Description of Old
Battery to be given by
Buyer

Old battery shall be of
similar volt and Ah
(with +/-15% tolerance
in Ah) but need not to
be of same make /
brand

Yes *

Old battery may not be
in working condition

Yes *

The seller will collect
the old Cell/Batteries
from buyer end /
consignee end at its
own cost either at the
same time of delivery
or after delivery of new
cells / battery

Yes *

Manufacturer / Seller /
Supplier should have
all valid licenses as
applicable and meet all
Govt., inustrctions and
guidelines / Gazette

Yes *

                               4 / 7



 

notifications update as
applicable to dispose of
old cells / batteries

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Dipankar Sarkar 700020,234/4 AJC Bose
Road , MSO - 1 Building , 7th
Floor, NIZAM
Place,Kolkata-700020

84  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
9.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS

licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

10.Buyback for Non PFMS/Non GPA:
 1. GST will apply on the value of buyback and separate invoice is to be prepared by
Government buyer/Consignee for buyback items offline outside the GeM system. Vendor
should work out input credit for that GST applicable on the buy back while quoting the
product/services.
 2. Input GST Credit consideration by seller- seller shall offer the prices in the bid by the total
amount of new goods including GST- total amount of old goods quoted by the firm excluding
GST. This is because GST charged by buyer on buy-back value will be available for full ITC
(input tax credit) on the hands of bidder. Therefore, for the purpose of quoting in the bid and

                               5 / 7



 

evaluation, value as quoted by the bidder (excluding any GST on buy back) as indicated in
column G below will be considered.
Illustrative examples for bidders are as under for understanding of the seller.

Excel sheet for explanation to Buyback ATC
S.no Cost of

Fresh
Good (A)

%age of
GST on
Fresh

Good as
consider

ed by
seller at
the time
of quote

(B).

GST
Amount
on Fresh
Good (C)

Cost of
Buyback
item (D)

%age of
GST on

Buyback
items (E)
as fixed
by buyer
in the bid

GST
Amount

on
Buyback
item (F)

as
applicabl
e at the
time of
invoice

by buyer

Quote of
the

Bidder (G
={A+C-

D})

1 100 28 28 20 8 1.6 108
2 100 9 9 20 8 1.6 89
3 110 10 11 24 8 1.92 97

Seller after the award of the GeM contract, will indicate all column A to G which will not
alter their quoted price indicated in Colum-G

3. Successful lowest bidder has to provide detailed cost break up of tendered items as well
as buy back items separately after award of contract through email to the government
buyer/consignee.
4. The seller of new item /service provider shall deposit the cost of invoiced buy back item
with GST to the buyer for allowing seller to lift up the material from the buyer/consignee
premise.
5. Transportation of buy back items from buyer premises shall be arranged by the seller
itself without any extra cost.
6. Government Buyer organisation /consignee will issue invoice of buy back items to the
seller at the cost of buyback to be indicated to the buyer by the seller offline after receipt of
order. This in no case will modify the bid in any manner.
7. The seller will be entirely responsible for the safe disposal of old items without affecting
the environment in any manner as per prevailing statutory rules and Act/ law of the land.
8. The seller may visit the site and inspect the condition of buy back item in advance before
quoting for the bid.
9. Receipt of payment by the buyer for Old items and invoicing by buyer will be out of GeM
portal.
10. Government Buyer will upload the details of old goods along with the bid in the
corrigendum with minimum price.
11. If the minimum price (Optional) is indicated and sellers of new item who are not agreeing
to take back the old item at equal to or above that minimum price should not participate in
the bid.
12. In case they participate into the bid and afterwards indicates the price of old goods, less
than the minimum price shown by Government Buyer in corrigendum, EMD of the bidder will
be forfeited.
13. Item Details Consignee wise will be indicated in the corrigendum like -
 1. Consignee wise
 2. Item Description
 3. Serial Number
 4. Model
 5. Brand
 6. Year of manufacturing
 7. Purchased on
 8. Age
 9. Size, Rating, Designation
 10. Quantity
 11. Min price (Optional)

                               6 / 7



 

 12. Unit
 13. Working Guidelines (/Functional/Non-Functional)
 14. Remarks
14. The successful bidder shall remove the old goods from the premise of the Government
buyer/consignee at the time of the supply, installation and commis-sioning of fresh goods.
Seller will be entitled for payment only after removal of old goods from Government
buyer/consignee/user’s premise and after supplying the fresh goods in terms of contract.
15. Note: This clause of ATC shall be operated by non PFMS; non GPA buyer i.e. all PSU
working through their ERP and not integrated with GPA.

11.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

12.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               7 / 7

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

