












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710122
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 28-07-2020 11:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Delhi

Department Name Health And Family Welfare Department Delhi

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name North Zone

Total Quantity 25

Item Category Pamphlets

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Pamphlets ( 25 box )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Paper specification Colors, sizes of words in
sentencesand pictures

As per buyer *

Finish Glossy Glossy, Matt, Oil finish, Hot

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/ruj8hGqlXx8-H4HSMIfx-PS-HeqRl37BK3G7wQHmpNo


 

stamping, Embossment,
Hologram, Lamination,
Silver hot stamping, Gold
hot stamping, UV coating

Size A4 A4

Weight of Paper in GSM 90 90

Matter As per sample provided by
the Buyer

*

Orientation Landscape *

Paper Type Art Paper Art Paper

Waterproof No Yes, No

Printable Side Front and Back Side Front and Back Side

Packaging Type Cartons *

Printing Suitability Offset Printing Offset Printing
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 DEVMAN YADAV 110034,BHAGWAN MAHAVIR
HOSPITAL GNCT OF DELHI H-4/5,
GURU HARKISHAN MARG,
PITAMPURA, DELHI-110034

25  30

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

2.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
3.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
4.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

5.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get Detailed Design Drawings approved from buyer
before starting fabrication. Successful Bidder shall submit Detailed Design Drawings for Buyer's approval, within 
7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, either approve the drawings or will provide complete list of modification
required in the drawings within 5 days. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved Drawings with
modifications as communicated by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of drawing– the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in approval of Drawing.

6.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

7.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers
Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone

                               2 / 3



 

No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

8.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the contract, does not contain
Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical damage, loss of
information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property Right (IPRs) are caused due to
activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

9.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 1 year before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along
with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary
product having highest value should meet this criterion.

10.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

