












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/692810

  Dated: 01-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 22-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 2020-07-22 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 65 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Police Organisation

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Delhi Police Headquarters

Total Quantity 1540

Item Category hand held metal detector - security metal detector

Experience Criteria  1 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Certificate (Requested in
ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  Yes

Inspection Required  Yes

Inspection to be carried out by Buyers own
empanelled agency

 Yes

Type Of Inspection  Stage-wise Inspection

Name of the Empanelled Inspection
Agency/ Authority

 Board of Officers

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 10.00

                               1 / 6



 

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 40

(a). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
DCP/P&L
5, RAJPUR ROAD, DELHI
(D.k.s. Singh)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.

Hand Held Metal Detector - Security Metal Detector ( 1540 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

TECHNOLOGY /
DIMENSIONS / WEIGHT

Technology Pulse Technology *

Length Total (overall)
(mm)

400 *

Probe Width / Dia (mm) 73 *

Body Width / Dia (mm) 40 *

Maximum Weight
(grams)

350 *

DETECTION RANGE /
SCAN RATE

Detection Ferrous, Non-Ferrous &
Alloys

*

Detects Pin from a
minimum distance of
(mm):

25 *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/TOG6E0taZ5gN3zejEO7Z0FtvqvjRuoCwWNx0glCdFlw


 

Detects Pistol - 0.22
from a minimum
distance of (mm):

150 *

Detects Cartridge -
0.22 from a minimum
distance of (mm):

50 *

Detects Razor Blade
from a minimum
distance of (mm):

25 *

Tuning to ensure equal
results on wide range
of metals and alloys

Automatic *

Scan Rate (mm per
Second) (mm/s)

500 *

BATTERY - POWER
SOURCE

Battery type (inclusive
in the scope of supply)

Re-chargeable, 9 Volts *

Batter Chemistry Li-ion *

Details of battery, AH
capacity (mAh)

300 *

Minimum Battery Back-
up in continuous
operation on single
charge (hours)

40 hours *

Battery Protection
against reverse polarity

Yes *

Battery charger
(inclusive in the scope
of supply)

In-built charger *

GENERIC Construction Non-breakable, scratch
prooff, impact resistant
ABS moulded casing

*

Operation Push button or switch
to put 'ON' for
continuous use

*

Calibration Auto *

Water Resistant (Works
under rainy condition)

Yes *

Alarm Selectable Audio &
Visual and Vibration &
Visual Separately

*

LED indication ''ON indication'', ''Metal
detection indication'',
''Low battery
indication''.

*

Interference Harmless to wearers of
pacemakers,
defibrillators or other
vital support systems,

*

                               3 / 6



 

pregnant women and
magnetic storage
media (floppy disks,
audio cassettes, video
cassettes and similar)

Technical manual
giving full description
of the item & User's
hand book and
literature on
preservation /
maintenance

Inclusive in the scope
of supply

*

Cleaning Kit Yes *

Practical training 1 Day *

Availability of Spares
for a period of 7 years
after the warranty
period

Yes *

Operating Temperature
Range

Minus 5 degree to Plus
55 degree Celcius

*

WARRANTY Warranty(Year) 3 3.0

CERTIFICATION Availability of Test
Reports from Central
Govt / NABL / ILAC
accredited Lab
covering all the
parameters as per
specifications

Yes *

Test Report No. and
Date

- *

Name and address of
Test Lab

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Venu Gopal H 110054,5 RAJPUR ROAD
CIVIL LINES DELHI

1540  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

                               4 / 6



 

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the
following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:
Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause
has been selected in ATC): ADVANCE SAMPLE AT DELHI POLICE PREMISES AS PER GEM BID
SPECIFICATION BEFORE PLACING SUPPLY ORDER
Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: AS PER GEM BID
SPECIFICATIONS AFTER SUPPLY OF THE EQUIPMENT.

3.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

6. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

7.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

8.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given
to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify
as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

9.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
10.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee

Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of DY. COMMISSIONER OF POLICE, PROV. AND LOGISTICS payable at DELHI. After
award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of the DD in place of PBG and
has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the Buyer within 15 days of award
of contract.

11.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Fixed Deposit Receipt
also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). FDR should be made out or pledged in
the name of DY. COMMISSIONER OF POLICE, PROV. AND LOGISTICS, DELHI A/C (Name of the
Seller). The bank should certify on it that the deposit can be withdrawn only on the demand
or with the sanction of the pledgee. For release of Security Deposit, the FDR will be released

                               5 / 6



 

in favour of bidder by the Buyer after making endorsement on the back of the FDR duly
signed and stamped along with covering letter. Successful Bidder has to upload scanned
copy of the FDR document in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy of
Original FDR to the Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

12.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

13.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 3 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service
/ rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product shall be
charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the penalty
with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount
from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of
the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

