












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714374
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 16:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Gujarat

Department Name Urban Development And Urban Housing Department Gujarat

Organisation Name Nagarpalika

Office Name Prantij Nagarpalika

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Automatic Fully Mechanised Organic Waste Machine for
Compost

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  8 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  64 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience  Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank AXIS BANK LTD

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 32000

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

                               1 / 6



 

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
chief officer
Prantij Nagarpalika, Nani Bhagod, Against SBI Branch, Prantij, Sabarkantha
(Akash Patel)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Automatic Fully Mechanised Organic Waste Machine For Compost ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Type of Plant Fully Automatic, Aerobic *

Type of Waste Domestic Food waste +
horticulture waste

*

Type of machine Fully Automatic (PLC Based) Fully Automatic (PLC
Based), Non PLC based

Reprocessing Capacity of
Machine (Kgs)

500 *

Process Continuous (operation
24x7hrs)

*

Chamber volume (approx
Six times to reprocessing
capacity of machine)
(ltrs)

3250 for 500 kgs
reprocessing capacity

*

Material of vessel and shaft SS – 304 of suitable
thickness

*

Material of body cover SS – 202 of suitable
thickness

SS – 202 of suitable
thickness, Fibre, Fibre/MS as
per IS2062 grade A with

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/oJmKuWH3oiJhfa___6zufqGPEt3Xc63eE2ob-xk2Xtk


 

epoxy coating

Machine should have no
sharp edges, welds/ joints
should not be visible outside

Yes *

Gear Motor (BEE star rated) Yes *

Gear Motor (BEE star
rating)

4 Above 3

Gear Motor Planetary Gear (Direct
drive)

Planetary Gear (Direct
drive), Helical Gear

Gear Motor of reputed make
/ BIS/ ISO quality parts
should be used

Yes *

Heating System ceramic type Blanket type (Thermo-pad,
Thermic Oil, Solar type
dehydration, ceramic type

Dimension of Machine - *

Power Consumption
(KW)

Max 15 for 500 kgs
reprocessing capacity

*

Power requirement 440 V, 3-phase,above 100kg single phase upto 100 kgs,
440 V, 3-phase,above 100kg

Waste Shredder Shred waste up to 25mm.
Output 0.5 mm,

*

Twin Shaft Shredder Yes *

Capacity Twin Shaft
Shredder (Kg/hr)

250 Any applicable numeric
value

Material of Blade of Twin
Shaft Shredder

SS-304 SS-304, SS-306, carbon
Steel, EN-08

Blade Thickness of Twin
Shaft Shredder

5 5

Material of Hopper of Twin
Shaft Shredder

SS-304 *

Sheet thickness of Hoper
of Twin Shaft Shredder

2 Above 2

Motor of Twin Shaft
Shredder

Yes *

Feeding into Shredder Manual Manual, Automatic

Electric Motor Power
Rating for Twin Shaft
Shredder confirming to
IS:325 latest revision

3 Any applicable numeric
value

Stand Alone Control Panel
with minimum degree of
protection IP - 53
conforming to IS-2147

Yes *

All control panel parts
should be of standard
brands quality parts should
be used

Yes *

Material of Canopy of
control panel confirming
to IS:2062 latest

SS-302 Powder coated mild steel,
SS-302

ISI Marked MCB/Relay Yes *

Standard ISI Marked Air
Blower

Yes *

                               3 / 6



 

Air Blower with damper
control

Yes *

Air flow capacity of Air
Blower (Cubic ft)

1000 Above 200

Motor of Air Blower Yes *

Electric Motor Power
Rating for Air Blower
confirming to IS:325
latest revision

1 Above 1

Motor and Blower have
overload and current
protection

Yes *

All control panel parts
should be of standard
brands Quality parts should
be used

Yes *

Bioculture requirement No Yes, No

Type of Bioculture Aerobic Mircrobial Culture *

Odour Control Powder/agent Yes *

Output compost Quality as
per Fertilizer Control Order
Standards

Yes *

Compost production Minimum 20 -25 % of input
waste quantity

*

Condition and State of
output Compost

Enriched and Dry *

Output Compost - Easy to
pack in bags

Yes *

Compostable material
removal

Once in 24 hours for
continuous plug system

Once in 24 hours for
continuous plug system,
Once in 5-7 days for batch
system

Temperature of digester 60 Deg. C +/- 10 Deg. C *

Safety Features Emergency switch, overload
indication function and
Safety Switch Safety
feature: Internal mixing
blades automatically stop
when input door is opened

*

No harmful gases like
Ammonia, Sulphur di-oxide,
Methane, Carbon di-oxide
should be generated

Yes *

confirm the stipulated
guidelines of CPCB & SWM
Rules, 2016

Yes *

Comprehensive Warranty
of Plant

5 Above 5

Noise Level of Plant
during Operation (dB)

60 Up to 70

Harmful Emission by the
Plant

No *

Burning and Chemical use No *

Certification Norms and Specifications As per Solid Waste
Management Rules 2016

*

                               4 / 6



 

and conforming to FCO
compost Quality Standard

Availbility of Test Report
from Central
Government/NABL for
compost quality

Yes *

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Original Test reports to be
produced on demand to
Buyer

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Jatinkumar
Hasmukhbhai Joshi

383205,Prantij Nagarpalika Oppo.
State Bank Of India

1  45

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered
office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

8.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

9.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
10.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test

certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid

                               5 / 6



 

document.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

