












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/710988

  Dated: 15-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 25-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 25-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Home Affairs

Department Name Central Armed Police Forces

Organisation Name Border Security Force (bsf)

Office Name 50 Battalion Bsf

Total Quantity 500

Item Category jungle hats FSMP

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  30 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  80000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

                               1 / 4



 

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 30% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Jungle Hats FSMP ( 500 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Specification Governing Specification Conforming to
DGS&amp;D
Specification: G/ Tex/
C-163 with drawing no
22108/2

*

Size Size No. 6 6, Assorted Sizes ( 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 )
as per buyers
requirements

Size Scale for Hat As per annexure
attached with the
specification G Tex
C-163

*

Colour Colour of the Hat OG *

Material Material of Body Lining
and outer band at the
base of wall and chin
strap

Drill Cotton (As Per IS:
177-1989 : Latest With
Variety No 3

*

Material of Inner head
band and strip covering
the raw edges at the
joining seam of the
crown and wall

Shirting Cotton cellular
MK or OG or black as
per IS: 1144-1980:
latest

*

                               2 / 4

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/Ft2XQ_5o6CPlRtJOh1JlmD-W4yzXP5DWwoq4MfhxMas


 

Material for interlining
of brim, crown and wall

Jute Canvas
Conforming To
Specification No IS:
10036 1982: Latest
(Part 2)

*

Brass Eyelets Conforming To IS
5041-1978 : Latest
(Type 1) Painted In
Matching Colour

*

Sewing Thread Cotton Conforming To IS
1720-1978 : Latest
(Variety No 131)

*

Test Roport Availability of Test
Report from NABL/
ILAC accredited or
Central Government
Lab to prove
conformity of
products to the
specification.

Yes Yes

Name of lab - *

address of lab - *

Test report no - *

Test report date - *

Test reports to be
furnished to buyer on
demand, if claimed to
be available

Yes *

ADVANCE SAMPLE Agree to provide
Advance Sample(s)
for buyer's approval
before
commencement of
supply

Yes Yes

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gurjeet Singh 344001,50 BN BSF,
JAISALMER ROAD BARMER,
RAJASTHAN

500  30

                               3 / 4



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should

have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

3.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

4.Material Test Certificate Should Be Sent Along with The Supply. The Material Will Be Checked
by Buyer’s Lab & the Results of the Lab will be the Sole Criteria for Acceptance of the Item.

5.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

6.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from
buyer before bulk manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1
samples for Buyer's approval, within 7 days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract
specifications framework, either approve the advance sample or will provide complete list of
modification required in the sample within 10 days of receipt of advance sample. Seller shall
be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery
period shall be refixed without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the
sample is found to have major deviations / not conforming to the Contract specifications, the
buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval before allowing bulk supplies
or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by
the contractor free of cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an
advance sample, any expenses incurred by the contractor on or in connection with the
production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved unconditionally shall be
borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               4 / 4

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

