












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/712179
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Defence

Department Name Department Of Defence

Organisation Name Indian Navy

Office Name ***********

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Wooden Book Case

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  2 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some

                               1 / 6



 

quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the
last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the
Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with
the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Wooden Book Case ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mode of Supply Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At Consignee
Site By The Seller

Assembled Ready To Use,
Knocked Down To Be
Assembled At Consignee
Site By The Seller, Knocked
Down To Be Assembled At
Consignee Site By
Consignee Himsel

Type of Bookcase Free standing Wall hanging, Free standing

Design of bookcase Openable doors with
wooden panel

Openable doors with glass
panel, Openable doors with
wooden panel, Each shelves
having scissor mechanism
for receding inside the top
of respective component,
Sliding shutters with glass
panel, Sliding shutters with
wooden panels, Openable
doors with glass panel
plusshelves having scissor
mechanism for receding
inside the top of respective
componen

MATERIAL Material use for
top/bottom/back/sides

Three layer prelaminated
particles board (Wood
product) of grade II type II
of IS 12823/Latest

Hot pressed ply wood, Flat
single layer MDF board of
grade SBG II of IS
12406/Latest, Three layer
prelaminated particles
board (Wood product) of
grade II type II of IS
12823/Latest, Commercial
Block Board BWP grade
Conforming to IS 1659,
Decorative Block Board BWP
grade Conforming to IS
1659, Commercial Block
Board MR Grade Conforming
to IS 1659, Decorative Block
Board MR Grade Conforming
to IS 1659, Teak wood,
Carved Teak wood, Other

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/DXgdjUDuoeH317tTctdixuxqqM4ARx6QyPLs1dLnsPo


 

wood

Material for door frame N.A *

Material for door panel N.A. Teak wood, Carved teak
wood, Other wood, Hot
pressed plywood, Glass,
N.A.

Material for shelves Prelaminated particle board Plywood, Glass, MDF board,
Prelaminated particle board,
Commercial Block Board
BWP grade Conforming to IS
1659, Commercial Block
Board MR Grade Conforming
to IS 1659

Material for pull on/handle Without Handles (Alternate
opening system)

*

Material for legs NO LEGS *

Material for buffers Plastic *

DIMENSION Thickness of top 18 5, 7, 9, 12, 15, 18, 19, 25,
38 Or higher

Thickness of bottom 18 5, 7, 9, 12, 13, 15, 18, 19,
25, 38 Or higher

Thickness of back 12 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, 15, 18, 19, 25,
38 Or higher

Thickness of sides 18 3, 5, 7, 9, 12, 18, 19, 25, 38
Or higher

Thickness of Door frame
material

N.A *

Thickness of shelves 18 5, 7, 9, 12, 13, 15, 18, 19 Or
higher

Thickness of door panel N.A *

Height of bookcase ±20
mm

1675 *

Width of bookcase ± 20
mm

1200 610, 710, 840, 915, 1000,
1100, 1200, 1300, 1400,
1500

Depth of bookcase ± 10
mm

400 305, 320, 340, 360, 380,
400

Leg Height N.A *

MISC Number of Doors N.A *

Number of shelves
having scissor
mechanism

N.A 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, N.A

Number of shelves
having sliding shutters

N.A 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, N.A

Number of shelves 9 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10

Number of partition in
shelves

3 *

All plain panels edge to
be banded

With 0.8-1.0 mm thick PVC
tape with the help of hot
melt glue

With 0.8-1.0 mm thick PVC
tape with the help of hot
melt glue, CP Teak wood
lipping

Lock provided Lock not provided *

Buffers provided 4 number at bottom *

                               3 / 6



 

Openables shutter hung on
side of the compartment

N.A *

Preservation treatment YES *

Colour and Finishing Colour As per buyer's choice *

Material finish Swede finish Swede finish, Matt finish,
Teak laminate/ply with
polish, Teak laminate/ply
with melamine finish, As per
buyer's choice

WARRANTY Warranty period in
number of years

1 1, 2, 3 Or higher

CERTIFICATION Test reports to be furnished
to buyer's on demand

NO *

Product having BIFMA
certification

NO YES, NO

OEM of offered product
is ISO 9001:2015
certified

YES YES, NO

OEM of offered product
is ISO 14001:2015
certified

YES YES, NO

OEM of offered product
is ISO 18001:2007
certified

YES YES, NO

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 *********** ***********SOUTH GOA 1  90

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each

Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three
years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership or similar
proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect with bid.

4.Consortium: In case of Contracts, wherein the seller alone does not have necessary expertise, the seller can
form consortium with other sellers for submission of the bid, with one of the consortium company as leader.
However, each and every member of the consortium shall be equally responsible for the complete execution of
the project contract. An undertaking to this effect is to be uploaded with bid.

5.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the Buyer, same shall be
provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

6.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers

                               4 / 6



 

Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone
No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

7.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

8.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and has at least 5 years
residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-life by the OEM before this period.

9.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

10.Indian suppliers of this item are not allowed to participate and/ or compete in procurement by some foreign
governments. Bidders / products from such countries are not eligible / not allowed to participate in this bid in
terms of clause 1 (d) of Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017

11.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can
match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of
technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

12.Demurrage charges In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage
charges at the rate of 0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within
a month, the same will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.Demurrage
charges. In case the rejected items are not lifted by the firm within 48 hrs, the demurrage charges at the rate of
0.5% of total contract value will be charged per day. In case the items are not lifted within a month, the same
will be destroyed by the station board of officers and no claim will be admitted.

13.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

14.Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly,
manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU /
Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted
along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the
primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

15.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for
meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the
invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

16.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
17.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid
document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a
certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant
period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3
year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be
taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product
having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

18.Packing Material The items will be supplied by the successful bidder in its original packing material and the
packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing material will not be included in quantity supplied and
only net weight of the items will be counted. The packing should be of standardized weights of appropriate size.
Item will not be accepted in non-standardized weights.Packing Material. The items will be supplied by the
successful bidder in its original packing material and the packing material will not be returned. Weight of packing
material will not be included in quantity supplied and only net weight of the items will be counted. The packing
should be of standardized weights of appropriate size. Item will not be accepted in non-standardized weights.

19.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of
Goods

20.Shelf Life The supplier shall declare the shelf life/best before use for a minimum period equal to the warranty
period as given in the DFS for the item. The item should be of the latest manufacture, conforming to the current
production standard and having 100% defined life at the time of delivery.

21.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified of the defects /
service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the required Service / Rectification within 15
days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of
Unit Price of the product shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit
the penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty amount from the
Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than 10% of the total contract value after

                               5 / 6



 

which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service / rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and
cost of the Seller besides forfeiture of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service /
rectification to the Buyer.

22.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation /
commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and
three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or
(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be
uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value
should meet this criterion

23.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS licence, type test
certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the Product Specification given in the bid
document.

24.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test Reports on the date
of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Registered at Goa.

25.1. The Seller shall not assign the Contract in whole or part without obtaining the prior written consent of buyer.
2. The Seller shall not sub-contract the Contract in whole or part to any entity without obtaining the prior written
consent of buyer.
3. The Seller shall, notwithstanding the consent and assignment/sub-contract, remain jointly and severally liable
and responsible to buyer together with the assignee/ sub-contractor, for and in respect of the due performance
of the Contract and the Sellers obligations there under.

26.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

27.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available
to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

