












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/713877
  Dated: 16-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 12:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Finance

Department Name Department Of Financial Services

Organisation Name State Bank Of India (sbi)

Office Name Local Head Office Sector 17a Chandigarh

Total Quantity 20

Item Category telephone instrument single push button

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization Certificate
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

Telephone Instrument Single Push Button ( 20 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

                               1 / 3

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/FOSMfn00IirFejkYr4yW6EdO-6MhacmPwI70B2SyCEc


 

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Connecting Cord Length
with each instrument (mtrs)

3 *

Colour black/grey *

Hands free two way
speaker phone

Yes Yes

Mounting position Desk *

Connecting Jack RJ 11 *

Material ABS *

Alpha Numeric Keyboard Yes *

Weight (gms) 499 *

Alarm facility Yes *

DIALLING/RINGING
FEATURES

Mute Yes Yes

No of Ring volume setting 4 *

Redial facility Yes *

Caller ID Yes Yes

No of selectable ring melody
tone

5 *

Flash Yes *

Ringing LED indication Yes *

Pause/Hold Yes *

Tone/pulse switchable Yes *

MEMORY No of Fast Dialing Keys - *

No of Incoming call Memory 99 *

No of outgoing call memory 18 *

No.of Memory for redialing 2 *

DISPLAY DETAILS Display With With

No.of digits in display 16 16

CERTIFICATE Availability of the Test
Report from TEC

Yes *

TEC approval Yes *

TEC certificate No(not a part
of biddable parameter)

- *

TEC certificate Date(not a
part of biddable parameter)

- *

Validity of TEC cerficate(not
a part of biddable
parameter)

- *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

                               2 / 3



 

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Gaurav Goyal 160017,State Bank of India, Local
Head Office, Plot No 1, Sector
17A, Chandigarh

20  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Without prejudice to Buyer’s right to price adjustment by way of discount or any other right or remedy available

to Buyer, Buyer may terminate the Contract or any part thereof by a written notice to the Seller, if:
i) The Seller fails to comply with any material term of the Contract.
ii) The Seller informs Buyer of its inability to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated
Delivery Period or such inability otherwise becomes apparent.
iii) The Seller fails to deliver the Material(s) or any part thereof within the stipulated Delivery Period and/or to
replace/rectify any rejected or defective Material(s) promptly.
iv) The Seller becomes bankrupt or goes into liquidation.
v) The Seller makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors.
vi) A receiver is appointed for any substantial property owned by the Seller.
vii) The Seller has misrepresented to Buyer, acting on which misrepresentation Buyer has placed the Purchase
Order on the Seller.

2.After award of contract – Successful Bidder shall have to get advance sample approved from buyer before bulk
manufacturing / starting bulk supplies. Successful Bidder shall submit 1 samples for Buyer's approval, within 5
days of award of contract. Buyer shall, as per contract specifications framework, either approve the advance
sample or will provide complete list of modification required in the sample within 5 days of receipt of advance
sample. Seller shall be required to ensure supply as per approved sample with modifications as communicated
by Buyer. If there is delay from buyer side in approval of advance sample – the delivery period shall be refixed
without LD for the period of delay in sample approval. In case, the sample is found to have major deviations / not
conforming to the Contract specifications, the buyer at its discretion may call for fresh samples for approval
before allowing bulk supplies or may terminate the contract after notifying the deviations to the seller.
Unless otherwise provided in the contract, all samples required for test shall be supplied by the contractor free of
cost. Where under the contract, the contractor is required to submit an advance sample, any expenses incurred
by the contractor on or in connection with the production of stores in bulk, before the sample has been approved
unconditionally shall be borne by the Seller and he shall not claim any compensation in the event of such sample
being found unacceptable by the Buyer / Consignee.

3.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
4.Preference to Make In India products (for bids greater than 200 Crore) (can also be used in Bids less than 200

Crore but only after exemption by competent authority as defined in Deptt of Expenditure OM dated 28.5.2020):
Preference shall be given to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal
Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted
in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a
certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the
local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

5.ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.
6.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone

No. for Service Support.
7.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for

Service Support.
8.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 1 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after

completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               3 / 3

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

