












































 

  
   RA Number: GEM/2020/RA/44102

  Dated: 01-07-2020

  

RA Document
RA Details

RA Technical End Date/Time 13-07-2020 19:00:00

RA Opening Date/Time 13-07-2020 19:30:00

RA Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

RA Offer Validity (From End Date) 60 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar

Organisation Name Urban Development And Housing Department

Office Name Nagar Panchayat Kesariya

Total Quantity 200

Item Category Waste container and accessories - Public

Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  10 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  100 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Bidder Turnover,Certificate
(Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 1.00

EMD Amount 29442

ePBG Detail

Required No

                               1 / 5



 

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Buyer
Nagar panchayat kesariya, Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar, Urban Development
and Housing Department,
(Avinash Kumar Sharma)

Splitting

 RA splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.

Waste Container And Accessories - Public ( 200 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

GENERIC Mobile containers for
solid waste generally
conforming to

IS: 12402 (part 1)
:1988, IS:12402 (part
2):1988 latest

*

Classification Class A - containers Class A - containers

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/6un_AIBs4MS179VS-5fLWHTUkaQGLtndXiJ1slOI7FI


 

with two fixed wheels,
trolley type

with two fixed wheels,
trolley type

Container capacity
(in Litres) (+/-10%)

Class A: 240 Litres Class A: 240 Litres

Class confirming to
IS:12402 (For Public
Dustbins)

Type A (Two fixed
wheels, trolley type)

Type A (Two fixed
wheels, trolley type)

Type as per Cl. 4 of
IS:12402: (part
1):1988 latest

Norma Type ( N) Norma Type ( N)

Material HDPE HDPE

Container shall be
supply with Lid

Hindged Hindged

Locking Device when
the Container is
Stationary-

No No

Plugged Outlet for
Washing and
Draining

With out Plugged
Outlet for Class A
Container

With out Plugged
Outlet for Class A
Container

Towage provision
(for Class B
Containers)

With With

Overall dimensions
shall be as per Table
and Table 2 of IS:12402
(part 1):1988 latest

Yes *

Color of the
container

Green Green

Gripping provision Frontal Frontal

No. of compartments
in the Bin

Single Bin Single Bin

Dust Bin Stand Without stand Without stand

UV Resistant Yes Yes

CERTIFICATIONS Availability of Type test
report from Central
government/NABL/ILAC
accridiated laoratory to
prove conformity of the
specification

Yes *

Test report number -
Must declare

- *

Report date - Must
declare

- *

Name of lab - Must
declare

- *

Address of lab - Must
declare

- *

                               3 / 5



 

All the test reports and
certificates shall furnish
by the supplier to the
buyer/consignee on
demand

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignee/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Avinash Kumar
Sharma

845424,Kesaria Devi ganj
Ward No 6

200  30 N/A

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder

during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than

                               4 / 5



 

10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

This RA is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

