












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/703986

  Dated: 11-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 14:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 14:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Bihar

Department Name Urban Development & Housing Department Bihar

Organisation Name Urban Development And Housing Department

Office Name Muzaffarpur

Total Quantity 1

Item Category All in One PC

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  1 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  80 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  100000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

                               1 / 8



 

Required No
Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 80% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

All In One PC ( 1 pieces )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Processor Processor Make Intel Intel

Processor
Generation

9 9.0 Or higher

Number of Cores per
Processor

8 8 Or higher

Processor Base
Frequency (GHz)

3 *

Processor
Description

Intel Core i7 Intel Core i7, Intel Core
i9 Or higher

Processor Number Intel Core i7 9700 Intel Core i7 8700, Intel
Core i7 9700, Intel Core
i9 9900 Or higher

                               2 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/wp6HrwQPVoLSsQUcr4hXMFqQoRs1lTVGTGj8-pAqlW8


 

Out of Band
Management

NA *

Cache (MB) 12 *

Motherboard Chipset Series Intel Q Series Intel Q Series Or higher

Chipset Number Intel Q 370 Intel Q 370 Or higher

Expansion Slots (M Dot
2)

2 *

Graphics Graphics Type Dedicated/Discrete *

Graphic Card
Description

- *

Size of Memory in
Case of Dedicated
Graphic Card (GB)

4 4, 8 Or higher

Size of VRAM in case of
Integrated Graphics
(MB)

0 *

Operating System Operating System
(Factory Pre-Loaded)

Windows 10
Professional

Windows 10
Professional

Recovery Image Media NA *

OS Certification Windows *

Memory Type of RAM DDR4 *

RAM Size (GB) 16 16, 32 Or higher

RAM Speed (MHz) 2666 *

Total Numbers of DIMM
Slots Available

2 *

Number of DIMM Slots
populated

1 *

RAM Expandability
up to( using spare
DIMM Slots in GB)

32 32, 64 Or higher

Storage Type of Drives used
to populate the
Internal Bays

HDD,SSD HDD, SSD

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
HDD

1 *

Capacity of each HDD
(GB)

1000 @7200 rpm *

Total HDD Capacity
(GB)

1000 1000, 1500, 2000,
2500, 3000 Or higher

Number of Internal
Bays populated with
SSD

1 *

Capacity of each SSD
(GB)

128 *

                               3 / 8



 

Total SSD Capacity
(GB)

128 128, 256, 384, 512,
768, 1024, 2048, 4096
Or higher

Optane Memory (GB) 0 *

Display Display Size
(INCHES)

23.8 23.6, 23.8, 27, 34, 37.5
Or higher

Display Type Non Touch Non Touch, Touch Or
higher

Panel Technology IPS IPS Or higher

Display Resolution
(PIXELS)

1920x1080 1920x1080, 1920 x
1200, 3200x1800,
3840 x 2160, 3440 x
1440, 4096x2304,
5120x2880 Or higher

Availability of
Webcam integrated
with Display

Yes Yes

If yes, Resolution of
Webcam

FHD *

Availability of Speakers
integrated with Display

Yes *

If Yes, Number of
Speakers available

2 *

Connectivity Wireless Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Type of Wireless
Connectivity

Wi-Fi 802.11ac *

Number of Ethernet
Ports

1 *

Type of Ethernet Ports Intel 10/100/1000
Integrated Network
Ports for vPRO

*

Bluetooth Connectivity Yes *

If Yes, Version of
Bluetooth Available

5 *

Ports Number of USB Version
2 Point 0 Ports

0 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 0 / 3 point 1,
Gen 1 Ports

5 *

Number of USB Version
3 point 1, Gen 2 Ports

1 *

Number of USB Type C
Ports

1 *

Number of Serial Ports 0 *

Number of VGA Ports 0 *

                               4 / 8



 

Number of HDMI Ports 1 *

Number of DP Ports 1 *

Generic Optical Drive N/A *

Audio-in No *

Audio-out Yes *

Headphone out Yes *

Microphone-in Yes *

Stand Standard *

Power Power Supply Integrated *

Power Supply Capacity
(Watt)

155 *

Minimum Power
Efficiency Range (%)

85 - 90 *

Certification BIS Registration under
CRS of Meity

Yes *

BIS Registration
Number and its Validity

- *

ROHS Compliance Yes *

BEE / Energy Star for
the given Model

Yes *

Other Certification
Available

UL,CE,FCC *

Input Devices Mouse Connectivity Wireless *

Type of Mouse Optical Scroll *

Keyboard Connectivity Wireless *

Type of Keyboard Standard with Rupee
Symbol

*

Operating Conditions Minimum Operating
Temperature

5 *

Maximum Operating
Temperature

35 *

Minimum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

20 *

Maximum Operating
Humidity (%RH)

80 *

Warranty On Site OEM
Warranty (Year)

3 3, 5 Or higher

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

                               5 / 8



 

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Rajeev Ranjan 842001,NEAR
MUZAFFARPUR RAILWAY
STATION, KACHHARI
CAMPUS, MUZAFFARPUR

1  20

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

3.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of Municipal
Commissioner payable at Muzaffarpur Municipal Corporation, Muzaffarpur, Bihar.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure
delivery of hardcopy to the Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

4.Bidder financial standing: The bidder should not be under liquidation, court receivership
or similar proceedings, should not be bankrupt. Bidder to upload undertaking to this effect
with bid.

5.End User Certificate: Wherever Bidders are insisting for End User Certificate from the
Buyer, same shall be provided in Buyer’s standard format only.

6.Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting
the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name,
designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid.

7.PESCO Certificate: PESCO Certificate shall be mandatory for procurement of bid items.
8.Non return of Hard Disk: As per Buyer organization’s Security Policy,Faulty Hard Disk of

Servers/Desktop Computers/ Laptops etc. will not be returned back to the OEM/supplier
against warranty replacement.

9.Bidders shall quote only those products in the bid which are not obsolete in the market and
has at least 1 years residual market life i.e. the offered product shall not be declared end-of-
life by the OEM before this period.

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

12.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

13.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

14. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

                               6 / 8



 

15. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

16.Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-
(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the
contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-
  (i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.
  (ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.
  (iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.
(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical
damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property
Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

17.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

18.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

19.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing
Commissioning of Goods and Training of operators and providing Statutory Clearances
required (if any)

20.Successful Bidder can submit the Performance Security in the form of Account Payee
Demand Draft also (besides PBG which is allowed as per GeM GTC). DD should be made in
favour of Municipal Commissioner payable at Muzaffarpur Municipal Corporation,
Muzaffarpur, Bihar. After award of contract, Successful Bidder can upload scanned copy of
the DD in place of PBG and has to ensure delivery of hard copy to the original DD to the
Buyer within 15 days of award of contract.

21.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance
of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in
the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by
Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the
rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should
have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and
Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service
Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid

22.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

23.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

                               7 / 8



 

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

