












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/706045

  Dated: 14-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 24-07-2020 17:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 30 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Jammu & Kashmir

Department Name Youth Services And Sports And Technical Education
Department Jammu And Kashmir

Organisation Name Technical Education Department

Office Name Bikram Chowk Jammu

Total Quantity 220

Item Category Portable Fire extinguishers as per IS 15683 (2018)

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  20 Lakh (s)

OEM Average Turnover (Last 3 Years)  156 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  3 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM
Authorization Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Past Performance  50 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.00

EMD Amount 78500

                               1 / 8



 

ePBG Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

ePBG Percentage(%) 5.00

Duration of ePBG required (Months). 24

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting
document for the relevant category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only
manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for Services are eligible for exemption from EMD.
Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

Beneficiary: 
Accounts Officer,
Directorate of Technical Education Department Jammu/Kashmir
(Mr Sajad Ahmad Bhat)

Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM
{themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or
similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for
number of years as indicated in the bid document before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant
contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of
the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should meet
this criterion.
2. OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year,
should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant
indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the
date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in
respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for
this criteria.
3. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have
supplied same or similar Category Products for 50% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three
years before the bid opening date to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed
Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of cumulative order quantity in any one
year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant year. In case of
bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this
criterion.

Portable Fire Extinguishers As Per IS 15683 (2018) ( 220 pieces )

Technical Specifications

                               2 / 8



 

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Conformity to Standard IS: 15683: 2018 (Latest
amendments)

*

Type Stored Pressure Stored Pressure, Gas
Cartridge Type (as per
IS 4947)

Extinguishing Media Carbon Dioxide Based
(as per IS 15222)

Water Based, Foam
Based (as per IS 4989),
Powder Based (as per
IS 4308 ), Carbon
Dioxide Based (as per
IS 15222), Clean Agent
(certificate of
manufacturer/supplier),
Water Mist Type

Expellant Medium CO2 Extinguishing
Medium

CO2 Cartridge Based,
N2 Based (Stored
Pressure), CO2
Extinguishing Medium

Constructional Material Type of Extinguisher High Pressure
Extinguisher (Service
Pressure >19 bar)

High Pressure
Extinguisher (Service
Pressure >19 bar), Low
Pressure Extinguisher
(Service Pressure ≤19
bar)

Material
Specification for the
body of High
Pressure
Extinguisher (Hint:
Select NA Low
Pressure
Extinguisher)

Aluminium body (as per
latest IS 15660)

Steel body (as per
latest IS 7285),
Aluminium body (as per
latest IS 15660), NA

Material
Specification for the
body of Low
Pressure
Extinguisher (Hint:
Select NA High
Pressure
Extinguisher)

NA Welded low carbon
steel cylinders (as per
Clause 9.2.5 of IS
15683), Stainless steel
cylinders (as per
Clause 9.2.6 of IS
15683), Aluminium
Cylinder seamless
construction (as per
Clause 9.2.7 of IS
15683), Composite
cylinder non-metallic
liner (as per Clause
9.2.8 of IS 15683), NA

Construction Foam Based NA Protein Foam (PF),

                               3 / 8

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/lfBL0x8BUi6RO_wQuJ9sqJGaRM6rxuLAyvc7CjY8vEI


 

Extinguishing Media
(Hint: Select NA for
Extinguishing Media
other than Foam
Based)

Aqueous Film Forming
Foam (AFFF), Film
Forming Fluoro- Protein
Foam (FFFP), Synthetic
Foam, AR Foam, NA

Powder Based
Extinguishing Media
(Hint: Select NA for
Extinguishing Media
other than Powder
Based)

NA BC, ABC, Specially
made for class-D Fire,
Specially made for
class-B Fire, NA

Type of Clean Agent
for Clean Agent
Based Fire
Extinguisher (as per
CL 5-1-3) (HINT:
Select NA for other
Extinguishing Media)

NA yes, NA

Name of Clean Agent
as per (CL 3-13) (HINT:
Type NA for other
Extinguishing Media)

- *

Foam Based Fire
Extinguisher
Capacity in Liters
(Hint: Select NA for
Extinguisher
Capacity other than
Foam Based)

NA 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, NA

Powder Based Fire
Extinguisher
Capacity in Kg (Hint:
Select NA for
Extinguisher
Capacity other than
Powder Based)

NA 1, 2, 4, 6, 9, 12, NA

Carbon Dioxide
Based Fire
Extinguisher
Capacity in Kg (Hint:
Select NA for
Extinguisher
Capacity other than
CO2 Based)

4.5 2, 3, 4.5, NA

Water Based Fire
Extinguisher
Capacity in Liters
(Hint: Select NA for
Extinguisher
Capacity other than
Water Based)

NA 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, NA

Clean Agents Fire
Extinguisher

NA 2, 4, 6, NA

                               4 / 8



 

Capacity in Kg (Hint:
Select NA for
Extinguisher
Capacity other than
Clean Agents Based)

Water Mist Fire
Extinguisher
Capacity in Liters
(Hint: Select NA for
Extinguisher
Capacity other than
Water Mist Based)

NA 2, 3, 4, 6, 9, NA

Weight of Filled
Portable Fire
Extinguisher

14.236 *

Features of Fire
Extinguisher

Carrying Handle
(Mandatory If
Extinguisher having
mass ≥1.5Kg or
Cylinder
diameter,Safety
Devices (Mandatory for
High Pressure Extinguis
her),Rechargeable,Hos
e Assemblies
(Mandatory If mass or
volume of
Extinguishing medium
> 3 Kg or Litres),NA

Carrying Handle
(Mandatory If
Extinguisher having
mass ≥1.5Kg or
Cylinder diameter,
Safety Devices
(Mandatory for High
Pressure Extinguisher),
Rechargeable, Hose
Assemblies (Mandatory
If mass or volume of
Extinguishing medium
> 3 Kg or Litres), NA

Marking As per clause 10.2 of IS
15683 (latest)

*

Colour Coding Band (As
per CL 10-1)

Black (CO2) *

Presssure Gauge Range
for Low-Pressure
Extinguishers (Hint:
must be ≤ 20 and type
0 for High-Pressure
Extinguishers)

0 *

Class of fire for
which Fire
Extinguisher is
suitable

Class -B Class -A, Class -B, Class
-C, Class -D, Class -E,
Class -F, NA

Performance Operating Temperature
(°C)

-30°C to +60°C *

Test Pressure for all
Fire extinguisher
except CO2 (Hint: must
be ≥ 35 and type 0 for
CO2 based Fire
Extinguishers)

0 *

Burst Pressure for all 0 *

                               5 / 8



 

Fire extinguisher
except CO2 (Hint: must
be ≥ 55 and type 0 for
CO2 based Fire
Extinguishers)

Minimum Effective
discharge time for
Fire Extinguisher

14.5 Above 8

Fire Rating of
different class of
fires (Hint: Higher is
better)

55B *

Discharge Range of
Class-A and Class-B
Fire Extinguisher (As
per table 1 of CL 7-2-2)
(Hint : ≥ 2 in case
applicable on Class-A
or Class A & B both /
≥1 in case applicable
on Class-B only)

3.5 *

Certification BIS Marking Yes *

CM/L No With Validity
Period

- *

Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification

Availability of Test
Report from NABL
accredited Laboratory

*

Test Report No - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the lab - *

Address of the lab - *
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Abdul Hamid Bhat 180004,bikram chowk ,
jammu

220  30

                               6 / 8



 

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder
during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as
indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited
Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost
Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the
bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution
shall be taken into account for this criteria.

2.OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the
offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial
year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of
certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered
Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than
3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of
constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of
CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

3.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of
Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

4.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have
Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

5.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the
State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of
goods having on-site warranty). If service center is not already there at the time of bidding,
successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract.
Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having
Functional Service Centre.

6.Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during warranty period: After having been notified
of the defects / service requirement during warranty period, Seller has to complete the
required Service / Rectification within 10 days time limit. If the Seller fails to complete
service / rectification with defined time limit, a penalty of 0.5% of Unit Price of the product
shall be charged as penalty for each week of delay from the seller. Seller can deposit the
penalty with the Buyer directly else the Buyer shall have a right to recover all such penalty
amount from the Performance Security (PBG).Cumulative Penalty cannot exceed more than
10% of the total contract value after which the Buyer shall have the right to get the service /
rectification done from alternate sources at the risk and cost of the Seller besides forfeiture
of PBG. Seller shall be liable to re-imberse the cost of such service / rectification to the
Buyer.

7.Successful bidder will have to ensure that adequate number of dedicated technical service
personals / engineers are designated / deployed for attending to the Service Request in a
time bound manner and for ensuring Timely Servicing / rectification of defects during
warranty period, as per Service level agreement indicated in the relevant clause of the bid.

8.For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered
as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:
a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that
supplies against the invoices have been executed.
b. Execution certificate by client with order value.
c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note,
etc.

9.The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for
supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during
preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on
opening of bid, as per following criteria:
 
(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or

                               7 / 8



 

(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or
(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.
Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above
Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary
product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

10.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

11. ISO 9001: The bidder must have ISO 9001 certification.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               8 / 8

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

