












































 

     Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/714588
  Dated: 17-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 27-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Puducherry

Department Name Labour Department Puducherry

Organisation Name N/a

Office Name Puducherry

Total Quantity 1

Item Category Utility Vehicles

Bidder Turnover (Last 3 Years)  4 Lakh (s)

Experience Criteria  2 Year (s)

MSE Exemption for Years Of Experience and
Turnover

 Yes

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Experience Criteria,Past Performance,Bidder
Turnover,Certificate (Requested in ATC),OEM Authorization
Certificate,OEM Annual Turnover
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from Experience /
Turnover Criteria, the supporting documents to prove his
eligibility for exemption must be uploaded for evaluation by the
buyer

Past Performance  10 %

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

EMD Detail

Advisory Bank State Bank of India

EMD Percentage(%) 2.50

EMD Amount 18527

ePBG Detail

Required No

(a). EMD EXEMPTION: The bidder seeking EMD exemption, must submit the valid supporting document for the relevant
category as per GeM GTC with the bid. Under MSE category, only manufacturers for goods and Service Providers for
Services are eligible for exemption from EMD. Traders are excluded from the purview of this Policy.

(b). EMD & Performance security should be in favour of Beneficiary, wherever it is applicable.

                               1 / 6



 

Beneficiary: 
PRINCIPAL
The Principal, Govt.ITI(Men), T.R.Pattinam, Karaikal-609606
(Murugaiyan)

Splitting

 Bid splitting not applied.

1. Experience Criteria: In respect of the filter applied for experience criteria, the Bidder or its OEM {themselves or
through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central
/ State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for number of years as indicated in the bid document before the
bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some
quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the category of primary product having highest value should
meet this criterion.
2. Past Performance: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through re-seller(s)} should have supplied same or similar
Category Products for 10% of bid quantity, in at least one of the last three years before the bid opening date to any
Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company. Copies of relevant contracts (proving supply of
cumulative order quantity in any one year) to be submitted along with bid in support of quantity supplied in the relevant
year. In case of bunch bids, the category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

Utility Vehicles ( 1 pieces )
Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Generic Parameters Vehicle Engine Capacity
(cc)

1493 More than 1493.0 Or higher

Type of Fuel Diesel Diesel

Vehicle Emission
Complaince

BS-VI BS-VI

Vehicle Colour type Both solid and metallic Both solid and metallic

Colour of the vehicle - white

Vehicle Mileage (
declared by OEM as
certified by Test Agency
under Rule 115of CMVR
1989) (in KM/Litre)

16.7 16.7 - 50.0 Or higher

Engine Gradeability
(Degree)

10.2 10.2 - 50.0 Or higher

Air Conditioning With With

Engine BHP@rpm - *

Engine Torque (Max.)@rpm
(N-m@rpm)

- *

Number of Cylinders in
Engine

3 3.0 - 10.0 Or higher

Type Of Vehicle Body Chassis Frame *

Seating Capacity 7 *

                               2 / 6

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/OgtcG_HHTst0KpOMj7bFEie6EPAc3Lq_HQPZh9zYkbc


 

Fuel Tank Capacity (Ltrs) 60 *

Ground Clearance (mm) 180 More than 180.0 Or higher

Wheel Base 2680 2680.0 - 5000.0 Or higher

Boot Space (Ltrs) 394 *

Kerb Weight 1570 1570.0 - 5000.0 Or higher

Gross Vehicle Weight 2220 2220.0

Type of Vehicle Tyre Radial Tubeless, Radial

Size Of Tyre - *

Vehicle Transmission
System

Manual Manual

No. of Speed/ Forward
Gears

5 5.0 - 10.0 Or higher

Type of Wheel drive Two Wheel Drive( Rear
Wheel)

Two Wheel Drive( Rear
Wheel)

Drive Axle Rear Rear

Type of Steering Power Power

Turning Radius (mm) 5800 *

Vehicle Brake ABS Fitted Yes Yes

Front Vehicle Brake Disc Brake Disc Brake

Rear Vehicle Brake Drum Brake Drum Brake

Vehicle Air Intake
System

TurboCharged TurboCharged

Driver Airbag yes *

Battery Make - *

Vehicle Gradeability (in
Degrees)

10.2 10.2 - 50.0 Or higher

Certification Vehicle Certification
ARAI/VRDE/ICAT Number

- *

Performance Parameters Warranty Time 36 36.0

Battery Warranty 12 24.0, 12.0

Warranty Distance
(unlimited during warranty
period)

No *

Warranty Distance(in KM) (If
not unlimited during
warranty period)

- *

No of Free Services 3 3.0 - 20.0 Or higher

Low Fuel warning Light Yes *

Transportation Charges
including transient
insurance and temporary
registration(in Rs)

- 10.5

Constructional Parameters No.of Doors (Nos.) 5 *

Length of Vehicle Body 3995 3995.0 - 10001.0 Or higher

Width of Vehicle Body 1745 1745.0 - 3000.0 Or higher

Height of Vehicle Body 1880 1880.0 - 3000.0 Or higher

Type of Wheel Simple Simple

                               3 / 6



 

Size of Wheel 15 *

Central Locking Yes *

Co -Driver Airbag No Yes, No

Side Airbag Rear No No

Rear seatbelt Yes Yes

Leather Seats No No

Day & Night View Mirror With With
  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by Buyer will generally
be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporting
Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Murugaiyan 609606,T.R. PATTINAM, KARAIKAL
- 609606

1  90

Special terms and conditions for category Utility Vehicles 

1.Following Special Terms and Conditions (STC) would supersede the General Terms and Conditions (GTC) in
respect of items under these categories as notified in the respective product category specifications

1.SELLER
1.Net Dealer Price (NDP), Discount on NDP and Total Price inclusive of Mark-up and all taxes will be

indicated by Seller while offering these products on GeM. The mark up will not be applicable for
Defence Buyer for vehicles exclusively offered for Defence buyer. The vehicle for Defence Buyer
will be quoted separately with suffix Defence against each model.

2.The Buyer must arrange for and provide Road Permit/s as necessary for entry of goods into the
State where the consignee is located. The Buyer / Consignee should also provide the Seller with
necessary Octroi Exemption Certificate immediately after issue of Contract to avoid payment of
Town Duty / Octroi. Road Toll Tax, Entry Tax and / or any other Local Taxes and Duties such as
Octroi / Sales Tax if paid by the Seller will be reimbursed by the paying authority against
production of relevant payment receipt/s.

3.The freight charges will be extra and shall be calculated by seller at the time of invoicing by
multiplying distance with freight per KM indicated in contract specification.

4.Sellers must give below mentioned minimum discount on the prevailing MRP while offering their
products on GeMTractors - 20%Ambulances - 12%Buses - 20%Automotive Chassis Fitted with
Engine - 15%Built up Trucks - 15%Prison Van Police Vehicles - 15%Troop Carrier Police Vehicles -
15%Water Truck Cabin Truck with Water Tank - 15%Cars - 12%Utility Vehicles - 12%Electric Cars
- 12%Motor cycles - 12%

5.Delivery Period shall be 90 days. Delivery period for Built-up Vehicles like Troop Carriers, Water
Tankers and Buses shall be 120 days considering extra time involved in fabrication.

6.OEMs shall ensure that the prices offered on GeM by them for a particular model is the lowest and
no supply shall be made to any Buyer, Government or Private, at a price lower or equal to that of
GeM. In case of violation of this, GeM administration will review for removal of the model from
GeM including other action as stipulated in General Terms and Conditions of GeM.

7.All manufacturers of Automobiles having ARAI,VRDE, ICAT etc of offered model may upload their
vehicles on GeM as per above guidelines. These guidelines are applicable only on GeM and
Government Buyers shall utilize the portal for making on-line purchases through GeM.

2.BUYER
1.The total price inclusive of all does not include freight charge and, therefore, it shall be extra and

to be calculated on freight per KM indicated in Contract Specifications.
2.The Contract will indicate the total amount inclusive of all taxes only without freight charges.

Therefore, while blocking the amount 5% additional amount will be blocked over and above the
total price inclusive of all taxes to cover the fund requirement for freight charges on approximate
basis.

3.After supply of vehicles, the Seller while submitting the invoice will indicate the freight amount at
actual or calculate as mentioned above on per KM basis whichever is lower and the same should

                               4 / 6



 

be verified by the Buyer, before payment.
4.Defence Buyer will select the vehicle offered with suffix Defence for placing their Contract. The

total price for Defence Buyer for a particular model does not include mark-up.
5.No Buyer other than Defence Buyer will select vehicle with suffix Defence. In case Buyer does so,

the responsibility for non-supply of vehicle rest with Buyer.
6.No Government Buyer Central/State/PSU/Autonomous body/Academic Institute/Local Bodies etc.

shall place any order at GeM prices outside GeM. Buyers shall note that prices on GeM are only
applicable, if the procurement is made through GeM portal. Using GeM prices for procurement
outside GeM portal is strictly prohibited. Such action will violate the basic principles of
transparency and accountability enshrined in GeM. If done outside GeM the laid down procedure
for tendering should be followed.

7.For any bulk purchases, a comparison of rates and discounts may be made for similar vehicles
and bidding may be considered as the preferred option.

8.Ceiling of direct buying for PAC as mentioned in GTC will not be applicable for Vehicles under
above mentioned categories as in these categories, only those models are up loaded on GeM for
which manufactures agreed to accept discount on MRP negotiated time to time as mentioned
above against each type of Vehicle. As such, Buyer may go for Direct Purchase even beyond Rs.
50,000/- for Vehicles under these categories. However, if Buyer decides to go for bidding for
these products on account of large quantity or for any other reason, the manufactures of the
vehicles are exempted from submission of Earnest Money Deposit and Performance Security.

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions
1.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and Commissioning of

Goods
2.Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three

years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document.
Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from
the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be
uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the
average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into
account for this criteria.

3.Bid reserved for Make In India products: Procurement under this bid is reserved for purchase from Class 1 local
suppliers as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India), Order 2017 as amended from time to
time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The
minimum local content to qualify as a class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. All bidders must
upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the percentage of the local content and the details of locations at
which the local value addition is made along with their bid, failing which the bid is liable to be rejected. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local content shall be certified
by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company and by a practicing cost accountant or a
chartered accountant for OEMs other than companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in
-India) order 2017 dated 04.06.2020 . In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small
Enterprises clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

4.Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each
Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If
service center is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one
within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence
of having Functional Service Centre.

5.Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone
No. for Service Support.

6.Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for
Service Support.

7.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents sought in the Bid
document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

8.Warranty period of the supplied products shall be 3 years from the date of final acceptance of goods or after
completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee
location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The
seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller
should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service
group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to
be uploaded along with the bid

9.Bidders can also submit the EMD with Account Payee Demand Draft in favour of The Principal,
Govt.ITI(Men),T.R.Pattinam, karaikal payable at karaikal.
Bidder has to upload scanned copy / proof of the DD along with bid and has to ensure delivery of hardcopy to the
Buyer within 5 days of Bid End date / Bid Opening date.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

                               5 / 6

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition


 

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               6 / 6

http://www.tcpdf.org

