












































 

  
   Bid Number: GEM/2020/B/707551

  Dated: 13-07-2020

  

Bid Document
Bid Details

Bid End Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:00:00

Bid Opening Date/Time 23-07-2020 15:30:00

Bid Life Cycle (From Publish Date) 90 (Days)

Bid Offer Validity (From End Date) 80 (Days)

Ministry/State Name Ministry Of Power

Department Name Contracts And Materials

Organisation Name Ntpc Ltd

Office Name Jharkhand

Total Quantity 30000

Item Category bleaching powder stable

MSE Exemption for Years of Experience and
Turnover

 No

Startup Exemption for Years of Experience
and Turnover

 No

Document required from seller  Certificate (Requested in ATC)
*In case any bidder is seeking exemption from
Experience / Turnover Criteria, the supporting
documents to prove his eligibility for exemption must
be uploaded for evaluation by the buyer

Bid to RA enabled  No

Inspection Required  No

Estimated Bid Value  559000

EMD Detail

Required No

ePBG Detail

Required No
Splitting

  Bid splitting not applied.  

MSE Purchase Preference

                               1 / 5



 

MSE Purchase Preference Yes

 

1. Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs): Purchase preference will be given to
MSEs as defined in Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) Order, 2012
dated 23.03.2012 issued by Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and its subsequent
Orders/Notifications issued by concerned Ministry. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase
preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of
goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small
Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered
Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in
respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted
price within L-1+ 15% of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such
Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of
25% of total value.

Bleaching Powder Stable ( 30000 kilogram )

Technical Specifications

* As per GeM Category Specification

Specification Specification Name Values Bid Requirement
(Allowed Values)

Certification Conforming to Indian
Standard IS 1065 :
latest

Yes *

ISI Marking Yes *

CM/L Number 5045754 *

Test Report Details Availability of Test
Report from Central
Govt/NABL/ILAC
accredited lab to prove
conformity to
specification, to be
submitted to the Buyer
on demand

Yes *

Test Report Number - *

Test Report Date - *

Name of the Lab - *

Address of the Lab - *

Grade and Material Grade Grade 2 Grade 2

Manufacturing Process Chlorination of Slacked
Lime

*

Appearance White to Slightly
Yellowish - White

*

                               2 / 5

https://bidplus.gem.gov.in/bidding/bid/showCatalogue/vuEFd3R_CiAbkKIaROpOWiMnUeV5t4UUVl0iFIiajEk


 

The material shall be
free from hard lumps
and any visible
impurities

Yes *

The material shall be
dry and free-flowing

Yes *

Requirements For
Bleaching Powder
Stable

Available Chlorine
(Percent by Mass)

32 32

Moisture (Percent by
Mass)

0.5 0.5

Keeping Quantity The material comply
with the minimum
available chlorine
content for not less
than 30 days from the
date of manufacture
which should be
specified on the
container

Yes *

After the period of
more than 30 days the
minimum available
chlorine shall be as
agreed between the
purchaser and the
supplier

Yes *

Keeping Quality (> =
30) (Days)

90 Any applicable numeric
value

Packing and Marking Quantity of Material
(Kgs)

25 25.0

Packing Material The material shall be
packed in the
laminated HDPE bags
having two inner liners
and tied at the mouth
of each inner bag
separately with nylon
rope and then the outer
laminated HDPE woven
sack is stitched using
polypropylene twisted
thread with two rows -
each row being done
separately - one being
above the other for the
protection during
transit

*

The packages used
shall be free from dirt
or other foreign
materials which are
likely to cause

Yes *

                               3 / 5



 

decomposition of stable
bleaching powder

Marking : The
containers shall be
securely packed and
marked with the name
of the manufacturer,
grade, mass of the
material in the
package, recognized
trade-mark, if any,
batch number and the
date of packing and
dispatch

Yes *

Storage : While
shipping, the material
shall be stored away
from the boilers or any
other head source

Yes *

  * Specifications highlighted in bold are the Golden Parameters.
  * Bidders may note that In respect of non-golden Parameters, the specifications 'Values' chosen by
Buyer will generally be preferred over 'Bid requirement ( allowed Values) by the Buyer.

Additional Specification Documents

 Consignees/Reporting Officer and Quantity

S.No. Consignee/Reporti
ng Officer

Address Quantity Delivery Days

1 Shailbala Kumari
Taisum

829119,ADM Building,
PVUNL, P.O.- Patratu, Distt-
Ramgarh

30000  15

Bid Specific Additional Terms and Conditions

1.OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be
ordered up to 25 percent at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves
the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the
currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders
accordingly.

2.Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid
documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications
offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for
rejection.

3. IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should
have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate
to this effect should be submitted.

4.Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Only supply of Goods
5.Preference to Make In India products (For bids less than 200 Crore):Preference shall be given

to Class 1 local supplier as defined in public procurement (Preference to Make in India),
Order 2017 as amended from time to time and its subsequent Orders/Notifications issued by
concerned Nodal Ministry for specific Goods/Products. The minimum local content to qualify

                               4 / 5



 

as a Class 1 local supplier is denoted in the bid document 50%. If the bidder wants to avail
the Purchase preference, the bidder must upload a certificate from the OEM regarding the
percentage of the local content and the details of locations at which the local value addition
is made along with their bid, failing which no purchase preference shall be granted. In case
the bid value is more than Rs 10 Crore, the declaration relating to percentage of local
content shall be certified by the statutory auditor or cost auditor, if the OEM is a company
and by a practicing cost accountant or a chartered accountant for OEMs other than
companies as per the Public Procurement (preference to Make-in -India) order 2017 dated
04.06.2020. Only Class-I and Class-II Local suppliers as per MII order dated 4.6.2020 will be
eligible to bid. Non - Local suppliers as per MII order dated 04.06.2020 are not eligible to
participate. In case Buyer has selected Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises
clause in the bid, the same will get precedence over this clause.

6.Bidder's offer is liable to be rejected if they don't upload any of the certificates / documents
sought in the Bid document, ATC and Corrigendum if any.

7.The bidder is required to upload, along with the bid, all relevant certificates such as BIS
licence, type test certificate, approval certificates and other certificates as prescribed in the
Product Specification given in the bid document.

8.To be eligible for award of contract, Bidder / OEM must possess following Certificates / Test
Reports on the date of bid opening (to be uploaded with bid): Manufacturer's/NABL
accredited laboratory test certificate for all parameters.

This Bid is also governed by the General Terms and Conditions

---Thank You---

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

                               5 / 5

https://gem.gov.in/termsCondition
http://www.tcpdf.org

