













































 


 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 71 

 

TENDER No.:  GUVNL / TECH / 60275 
 

I/C CE (Technical), GUVNL invites “On line Tenders” (e-tendering) for Wide Area Network 
Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, Network Operating Center-NOC monitoring and 
control and Networking Engineers Manpower Services For NOC, Various locations of 
GUVNL and its subsidiary companies on https://www.guvnl.nprocure.com (For view, 
down load and on line submission) and GUVNL web site www.gseb.com (For View & 
down load only). “All the relevant documents of tender to be submitted physically will be 
received only by Registered Post A.D. or Speed Post addressed to I/C Chief Engineer 
(Technical), Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited, Corporate Office, S.P. Vidyut Bhavan, 
Race Course, Vadodara - 390 007. The bidder has to offer the price bid through on line 
only.  “NO COURIER SERVICE OR HAND DELIVERY will be allowed.” 

 

Sr. 
No. 

Description 

1 Tender No.: GUVNL / TECH /60275/ 

2 Work of Wide Area Network Hardware 

Equipment AMC, Warranty, Network 

Operating Center-NOC monitoring and 

control and Networking Engineers 

Manpower Services For NOC, Various 

locations of GUVNL and its subsidiary 

companies 

3 Tender Fee (non refundable) Rs. 7500/- +18% GST (i.e. Rs 8850/-) 

4 
Earnest Money Deposit amount 
(Refundable) 

Rs 1,20,000/- 

5 

On line (E-tendering) price bid 
offer submission last date up to 
14.00 hours only. (This is 
mandatory) 

05.07.19 

6 

Physical submission of all the 
relevant documents, last date up 
to 14.00 hours. By RPAD or 
SPEED POST only. (This is 
Mandatory) 

08.07.19 

7 
Date of opening of Tender fee, 
EMD cover and technical bid at 
15.00 Hours 

08.07.19 

8 
Tentative Date of on – line 
opening of Price bid, (if possible) 

Shall be intimated separately to 
technically qualified bidders 

9 Prices Firm  
 

IMPORTANT: 

1. All the relevant documents as per requirement of the Tender to be submitted 
physically along with the Tender Fee, EMD in sealed cover on or before due date 
and time. All such documents should be strictly submitted by RPAD / speed post 
only. Otherwise the offer will not be considered and no any further communication in 
the matter will be entertained. The tender in physical form is to be submitted in 

https://www.guvnl.nprocure.com/
http://www.gseb.com/


 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 71 

 

single copy (the price bid is not to be submitted with the physical 
documents).  

2. If any deviation is/are found in data/documents/details or submission made in 
physical and in on line mode, the same shall be liable for rejection at the discretion 
on data/documents/details of the online offer. Whatever item quoted is considered 
for technical evaluation. The quantity offered in price bid shall stand final in case of 
any discrepancy.  

3. It is mandatory to submit the tender document by both forms Viz. online as well as 
physically before due date. If the tender document submitted in any one form, then 
the same tender will not be considered.   

 

Bidders are requested to remain in touch with the web-site for any amendment / 
corrigendum or extension of due date etc. 
 

Any technical questions, information and clarifications that may be required pertaining 
to this enquiry should be referred to: The I/C CHIEF ENGINEER (TECHNICAL), 
Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited, Corporate Office, S. P. Vidyut Bhavan, Race 
Course, Vadodara - 390 007. 

GUVNL reserves the right to reject any OR all tenders without assigning any reasons 
thereof.  

 

Yours faithfully, 

 

(R.B.Patel) 

I/C Chief Engineer (Technical) 

NOTE: 
In case bidder needs any clarification or if training required for participating in online tender, they can 
contact the following office: 

(n) Procure Cell 

(n) Code solutions-A division of GNFC Ltd., 

403, GNFC Info tower, S.G. Road, Bodakdev  

Ahmedabad – 380054 (Gujarat) 

Toll Free: 1-800-233-1010 (Ext. 501, 512, 516, 517, 525) 

Phone No. 079-26857315 / 316 / 317 

Fax: 079-26857321 / 40007533 

Email: nproucre@gnfc.net 

Other terms & conditions are as per tender documents 

 

mailto:nproucre@gnfc.net


 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 71 

 

Technical Terms and Conditions: 
 
 

1. Overview 
 
 

Gujarat is the first state in the power sector of the country having implemented the 

end- to-end  Enterprise  wide  Resource  Planning  (ERP)  named  e-Urja  

Project  for  its  core activities to meet  changing business imperatives and to 

make the new entities more responsive and pro-active which emerged out after 

unbundling of erstwhile „GEB‟. With this objective, Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam 

Limited (GUVNL) and all its subsidiaries went for IT  enablement  in  the  year  

2006  in  the  generation  of  power,  Transmission  and  its distribution spanning 

from customer relationship management to satisfy the needs of its 

1.3 Crores  consumers  to  complex  module  of  power  purchase,  load  

management, finance,  consumer  billing  and  HR  of  its  more than 50,000  

employees. GUVNL has deployed Wide Area Network (WAN), it covers 1500 

widely dispersed offices networked with numerous heterogeneous communication 

links from western border of India (Rann of Kutch) to southern part of Gujarat to 

connect them with GUVNL Data Center located at Vadodara.   

  

The subsidiary companies of GUVNL are as 

follows. 

 

Gujarat State Electricity company Limited (GSECL) H.Q. at Vadodara. 

(Generation) Gujarat Energy Transmission Company Limited (GETCO) H.Q. at 

Vadodara. (Transmission) 

Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Limited (DGVCL) H.Q. at Surat. (Distribution) 

Madhya Gujarat Vij Company Limited (MGVCL) H.Q. at Vadodara. 

(Distribution)  

Paschim Gujarat Vij Company Limited (PGVCL) H.Q. at Rajkot. (Distribution) 

Uttar Gujarat Vij Company Limited (UGVCL) H.Q. at Mehsana. (Distribution) 
 

2. Objective 
 

GUVNL currently has a wide area network consisting of point to point lease circuits.  Each 

network location is connected with one or more lease link circuits.   GUVNL has Secure, 

Robust, Scalable, State-of-the-art Wide Area Network connecting its various field 

offices with its Primary Data Centre (PDC) located at Vadodara, Gujarat. GUVNL 

has a four tier network where the access points, i.e., Subdivision/Substation 

locations are connected to Aggregating points, i.e. Division locations offices, again 

Division locations are connected to Aggregating points, i.e. Circle/PowerStation 

locations offices, again Circle offices locations are connected to Aggregating 

points, i.e. corporate office locations, which are linked to Data Centre. As on date, 

all offices are networked using Leased Lines on Optic Fiber Cable/ Copper/ Radio 

Frequency using MLLN/Non-MLLN. GUVNL may upgrade/refresh the Network at 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 4 of 71 

 

Subdivision/Division locations, Aggregation Points and at Data Center using VPN, 

MPLS or any other future technologies to meet the GUVNL‟s future business 

requirements. 

The Network Operation Centre (NOC) is located at GUVNL-Vadodara, connected 

with PDC   through multiple point to point Lease Links.  These Wide Area Network 

Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, NOC & Networking Engineers Manpower 

Services  are required for e-Urja Project at various offices of GUVNL and its 

subsidiaries companies by making it fully and seamlessly operational for the 

intended use as desired by GUVNL. Purpose of this RFP is to solicit proposals 

from qualified Bidders. 

 
This document is a Request for Proposal (“RFP”) for managing various Network 

Services. GUVNL seeks a prime contractor with best-in-class capabilities and in 

managing network services. The Selected bidder will provide the resources and 

expertise necessary to deliver and integrate a broad scope of manage Network 

Services of the highest quality for complex environments. GUVNL seeks to 

acquire the services of a single provider providing all the offered services at this 

RFP, who will act as the prime contractor responsible for the delivery of high-

quality Network Services to GUVNL with an option to renew for additional period.   

 

         GUVNL WAN Layout 

 
GUVNL the holding company location and three subsidiary company‟s 

corporate offices, that is GSECL, GETCO and MGVCL are presently located 

nearby the Data Center building, these offices are connected through 

GUVNL LAN with Data Center. However their downstream locations are 

connected to DC thru respective hierarchical locations. 

 

Informative company wise network sample hierarchy diagram with its 

immediate upstream location are kept at Annexure-Y.  



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 5 of 71 

 

3. Eligibility Criteria (Pre-Qualification) 
 

No. Eligibility Criteria Documentary Proofs Required 

1 The bidder company shall have to provide 
undertaking to support   all the items during 
contract period which are proposed as part of 
this RFP. 

Bidder has to submit self-
declaration on its letter with 
authorized signatory which 
includes the activities like 
Technical Assistance support, 
Spares support etc for all the WAN 
equipments which are proposed 
as part of this RFP listed at 
Annexure-X.  

2 The bidder company shall have a valid GST   
Registration   Number,   PF Code and PAN. 

Attested copies of the GST 
registration certificate, PF code 
and PAN card in the name of 
bidder company. 

3 The bidder company shall have been in 
operation for at least 05 years as of 31-12-2018 

Certificate of Commencement of 
Business issued by the Registrar 
of Companies in the name of 
bidder company. 

4 The bidder company shall have annual turnover 
of Rs. 5 crore or more per annum in each of the 
last 3 financial years. (i.e. 2015-16, 2016-17, 
2017-18)  

Audited financial  statements of 
the company / annual reports for 
the respective financial years. The   
financial statements must distinctly   
describe the revenue heads. 

5 The company must have 05 (five) Years 
Experience in Wide Area Network Hardware 
Equipment AMC, Warranty, NOC & Networking 
Engineers Manpower Services. The company 
shall have supplied similar Wide Area Network 
Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, NOC & 
Networking Engineers Manpower Services in 
India at least for one Government of Gujarat, 
Government of India or PSUs. 

Copy of Work Order showing the 
activities carried out and order 
value during last 5 years. List of 
Government of Gujarat, 
Government of India or PSUs 
Clients along with a copy of 
satisfactory work completion 
certificate. 

6 The bidder company should not have been 
black listed or given “stop deal” notice by any of 
the Govt. of Gujarat agencies / Government of 
Gujarat/Government of India/ PSUs. 

Details, if any, in context of this 
clause shall be provided. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 6 of 71 

 

7 Bidder must submit a detailed statement of facts 
and profile of company including year of 
commencement of business, Internet site 
details, name and title of the Authorized 
signatory for their Bid, their contact numbers 
and e-mail address 

To be provided on company letter 
head and a copy of Power of 
Attorney in favor of Authorized 
Signatory. 

8 Bidder must submit the satisfactory work 
completion/ satisfactory performance report of 
at least one or more projects of similar type of 
this RFP and have experience in setting up 
and operating minimum 500 WAN locations in 
each project in India for minimum three 
consecutive years. 

Certificate from order placing 
company for satisfactory work 
completion/ satisfactory 
performance report of at least one 
or more projects of similar type of 
this RFP and size of the project. 

9. The bidder company must submit undertaking to   
provide technical support including spares, 
patches, software version/upgrade etc for at 
least next one year from the date of bid 
submission for all the WAN equipments listed at 
Annexure-X.   

To be provided on company letter 
head. 

10. The Bidder should have their own Support 
Center for providing 24x7x365 Telephonic and 
onsite support, preferably in Gujarat. The 
Bidder has to provide details of remote service 
infrastructure of Bidder to ensure immediate 
response and faster call resolution. The Bidder 
should not sub-contract its services. The 
Bidder should submit the Support Center 
Details.  

The Bidder should submit the 
Support Center Details. 

 

These eligibility criteria are neither exhaustive nor   in   any   particular   order   of 

significance. Any bid not meeting all of these minimum eligibility criteria is liable 

to be rejected by GUVNL. 

 

Please enclose documentary proof for all the above criteria. In absence of these, 

the bids will not be considered for further evaluation. No further correspondence will 

be entertained in this case. 
 

All eligible and interested bidders shall have to download the RFP document 

from GUVNL website www.guvnl.com (RFP does not bear document cost). 

 

4. Bidding Process 
 

Bidders shall submit their Bids in two separate 
parts as follows: 

 

1. Technical Bid containing the exhaustive and comprehensive 

Technical details of Wide Area Network Hardware Equipment AMC, 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 7 of 71 

 

Warranty, NOC & Networking Engineers Manpower Services. 

 

2. Commercial Bid containing the  pricing  information  only  on  

“nprocure”  site www.nprocure.com (No physical commercial bid 

to be submitted) 
 
 

The Technical Bids should NOT contain any pricing or 
commercial information. 

 

Proposal Evaluation 
 

Initially technical bids will be opened and evaluated. Those bidders 

who satisfy the technical requirements of the solution and successful 

acceptance of Wide Area Network Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, 

NOC & Networking Engineers Manpower Services as per the 

requirements/specifications in Schedule – A and the terms and 

conditions of this document shall be short-listed. In case of GUVNL not 

being satisfied with the eligibility criteria documents, bidder may be 

disqualified. Commercial bids as per Schedule – B shall be opened 

only for the short-listed bidders who have qualified in the technical bid. 

 

Price Evaluation 

All technically qualified bids will be evaluated on firm price end cost 

basis, If  GUVNL feels that there is lack of serious competition or any 

other reasons, GUVNL may negotiate with the L-1 party. GUVNL‟s 

decision shall be final and binding on all the partie. 

 

5.  Scope of Work: 
5.1 WAN Hardware Equipment Warranty: 

The scope of work is comprehensive warranty of hardware which includes make 

available existing and future software IOS versions, upgrades and patches for all 

components of the equipments and installs the same, also replacement, repair 

and logistic etc covering following equipments. 

List of WAN hardware equipment  

Item Description Quantity 
CISCO 7206  Router 2 

CISCO 3825  Router  34 

CISCO 2821 Router 152 

CISCO 1841 Router 504 

Hwic-1T Card 51 

Wic-4T Card 288 

http://www.nprocure.com/


 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 8 of 71 

 

Wic-1T Card 558 

G.703 2W Modem 498 

V.35 2W Modem 434 

RAD Interface  Convertor 840 

CISCO L2 2960G Switch 3 

CISCO L2 2960 Switch 3 

NM 4T Card  4 

CAB-SS-V35MT Smart Cable 572 

V.35 DTE Smart Serial Cable 930 

WIC-2T-2 Port WAN Inter  Module 49 

Easy Config 25 

42U Rack with selves & Items 45 

12U Rack with selves & Items 481 

CISCO 1941    Router 51 

CISCO 3925   Router 2 

CISCO SG- 300 Switch 9 

CISCO 3750 Switch 1 

 

5.2 WAN Infrastructure AMC 

The scope of work is AMC services for WAN hardware and maintenances of data 

link, bidder required to perform activities like: 

 

1. Liaison with service provider for media link down time. 

2. Token generation of complaint, follow up with service provider till complain 

resolve. 

3. Service provider Local Line problems, Fiber MUX CPE Issues. 

4. Service provider Hardware Problem, Lease Line Down/ Fluctuation. 

5. Loss in Line, service provider Media Problem, OFC Cut. 

6. Line Shifting/ Cancellation, Power Failure/ Shutdown etc. 

7. For such kind of regular WAN link maintenance services, liaisoning with 

service provider and logistic services to OEM are under scope of bidder‟s 

AMC services. 

 

5.3 Broad Scope of Work 

1. The Bidder is required to install, configure, operational and augment 

Networking Equipments at GUVNL locations and at Network Aggregation 

Point locations. The Networking equipment includes Routers, Modems, 

Convertors, Cards, required accessories etc. Refer to “Annexure-X” for 

specifications of these Network Equipments mentioned in this RFP are 

deployed at GUVNL‟s locations spread across GUJARAT. The successful 

bidder is also required to manage and maintain the existing network 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 9 of 71 

 

equipment for the contractual period. 

2. The successful Bidder is required to co-ordinate with GUVNL‟s existing 

Network Integrator, System Integrator, Security Integrator and GUVNL‟s 

team at the respective locations for the allocation of suitable IP addressing 

Schema, Configuration, operationalization and end to end connectivity i.e. 

till Data Center network and WAN Optimization equipments. The Bidder 

has to use the existing/new IP Schema. Bidder shall meet the defined SLAs 

for uptime of the networking and WAN Optimization equipments and should 

ensure low turnaround time in the event of equipment failure. 

3. If required The GUVNL may add/procure additional networking equipments 

apart from the above mentioned WAN equipments as per GUVNL‟s plan to 

connect additional locations.  The successful bidder has to provide all the 

services defined in this RFP for such additional networking equipments at 

mutually agreed rates with GUVNL. 

4. As the customer centric applications are running on the network, the Bidder 

shall be responsible for ensuring the highest uptime of the equipments and 

there should not be any impact on the performance of any of the 

applications. 

5. GUVNL may conduct acceptance testing process (ATP) on the network 

equipments to ascertain the complete installation i.e. end to end testing 

from field location/Aggregation points to Data Centre. 

6. The Bidder is required to manage to deliver Networking Equipments at the 

GUVNL‟s respective locations where the WAN hardware is required.   

7. The Bidder shall be responsible for timely compliance of all Device Level 

Audit observations as and when required by GUVNL.   

8. The Bidder shall provide all present and future software IOS versions, 

upgrades and patches for all components of the equipments and install the 

same. 

9. The Bidder shall be responsible for doing preventive maintenance of entire 

Network and WAN equipments at all sites on monthly basis except at Sub 

Division/ Substation locations on quarterly basis. Through preventive 

maintenance the bidder shall ensure whether equipments are kept/ working 

in hygienic conditions or not, checking the availability of earthing, UPS 

power supply etc and submit the PM report to GUVNL and copy to 

respective locations. 

10. The Bidder shall ensure that the configuration of the equipments is as per 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 10 of 71 

 

Business requirement of the GUVNL. Scope also includes 

mounting/dismounting Network racks, connect associated cable, 

accessories required to render the equipment and systems complete in all 

respect. 

11. The Bidder has to make his own arrangements to fulfill all delivery 

formalities like payment of Road/Entry tax etc. and should not involve 

GUVNL in these activities. 

 

5.4 Network Facility Management: 

Successful Bidder has to  setup a NOC (Network Operating Centre) centrally 

managed at the GUVNL premises under the control of GUVNL within two weeks 

time from date of order. This NOC shall monitor all the leased line centrally, IP 

Address Details of Each Data Communication Equipments,  Data Backups  of ALL 

Routers IOS and Running Configurations,  Distribution of Spares according to the 

density of Geographical WAN Hardware installations. 

For this facility management services of NOC- Network Operating Centre, GUVNL 

will provide suitable room space that could house anywhere between 6 to 8 

computers with tables, chairs, uninterrupted power supply, communication 

facilities like email and phone etc. Bidder shall appoint qualified and experienced 

engineers to run this NOC so as to offer centrally managed Services. 

Bidder has to deploy licensed software tools for Network Inventory Management, 

Network Monitoring System, Link Management, Complaint Management, Help 

Desk Tool, Performance Monitor Tool, Diagnostic tool, Network Trend Analysis 

tool, Network Diagram and OEM Sr.No. Management etc at NOC, GUVNL. 

Provisioning of Servers Hardware, OS, Application/Software installation, 

configurations, maintenances, Licenses, Versions, Patches, Upgrades, UPS, 

Battery backups etc are under bidder‟s scope, without any extra cost to GUVNL. 

Bidder has maintain/migrate existing and historical logs, information, data etc of 

present NOC setups till successful deployment of NOC setups by successful 

bidder.  

Successful bidder has to carry out WAN equipment inventory handing over taking 

over processes with GUVNL existing contractor. Also carry out activities with 

GUVNL existing contractor for knowledge transfer for entire WAN infrastructure. 

5.5 RMA: (Return Material Authorization) RMA process will be done by 
bidder. Bidder would be required to submit undertaking that the technical support 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 11 of 71 

 

and spares will be available during the contract period. Bidder shall carry out the 

RMA as its responsibility which shall include; 

1. Lock the RMA online on the vendor‟s website 

2. Receive the hardware on behalf of GUVNL. 

3. Deliver the hardware at the destination. 

4. Replace the received hardware in place of the faulty hardware. 

5. Dispatch the faulty hardware to the equipment manufacture. 

5.6 Network Engineer at Field Location Bidder shall make its engineers 

available at all the DISCOMs/GETCO Circle locations during the working hours of 

GUVNL. If circle locations increase bidder has to deploy engineers without any 

extra cost. GUVNL and its subsidiary company will provide suitable room space 

that could house computer with table, chair, uninterrupted power supply, 

communication facilities like email and phone etc at each circle office locations. 

The responsibility of bidder pertains to the Maintenance of the Lease lines and 

data communications equipments like Routers, Modems, Converters, cards and 

Network racks. For any new upcoming circuits bidder has to manage the same 

support as of existing circuits without any extra cost to GUVNL. 

GUVNL will permit complete access to the equipment/system if necessary even 

after working hours and on   holidays to enable bidder‟s engineer to meet the 

obligation. 

The rates include comprehensive warranty of hardware which includes 

replacement, repair and logistic charges. 

5.7 WAN Support  

The Bidder shall interface with Network Operations to provide the following WAN 

support services. In performance of these services, the Bidder shall:  

 

1. Facilitate the installation, troubleshooting and repair of communication 

lines, data circuits and wireless systems Configure, maintain and 

troubleshoot WAN protocols and other related network protocols. 

2. Identify existing potential network problems and report outages with 

corrective actions  

3. Coordinate with remote sites and IT departments to recover and restore 

WAN connectivity in case of an outage.  

4. Perform diagnostic testing among WAN components to verify performance 

and connectivity. 

5. Install, configure and maintain routers per established policies and 

procedures as required or directed.  



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 12 of 71 

 

6. Facilitate the installation, troubleshooting and repair of communication 

lines, data circuits and associated equipment.  

7. Coordinate with remote field office personnel to recover and restore WAN 

connectivity in case of an outage Open trouble tickets and/or coordinate 

communication with Service Providers as required.  

 

 

5.8 NOC Support  

The bidder‟s roles and responsibilities will include but not be limited to:  

 

1. Mitigation and resolution of detected issues  

2. Diagnose problems before and after occurrence  

3. Troubleshooting and maintenance of network systems  

4. Network system support (install, test, maintain, monitor and tune)  

5. Respond to Tickets forwarded from other responsibility areas  

6. Tracking “chronic” or recurring problems and escalate within the IT 

department  

7. Network Performance Monitoring in a Control Central Environment  

8. Network Performance Analysis (trend, analysis, performance monitoring 

and capacity planning)  

9. Network Configuration Control and Management  

10. Network Management (Utilization and Capacity)  

11. Network Utilization and Availability Report  

12. Management and Administration of Network Monitoring Tools  

13. Accurately document IP Configurations  

14. Installation of network hardware and associated cabling  

15. Provide quality assurance on all network installed equipment  

  

5.9 Network Problem Identification, Troubleshooting and Maintenance  

The Bidder shall continuously monitor the trouble ticketing system for new or 

escalated tickets and update at a minimum every hour when appropriate. All 

information entered into the ticket shall be clear, concise and accurate. Upon 

receipt of the trouble ticket, the Bidder shall initiate immediate action to clearly 

define the problem and effect immediate resolution, or document the problem in 

the trouble ticketing system to effectively track it to satisfactory resolution, or 

redistribute it to the appropriate group responsible for action towards satisfactory 

resolution.  

 

The Bidder shall document each step in the troubleshooting process as it occurs 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 13 of 71 

 

and update the trouble ticket. Due to the complex nature of networks, it is possible 

for the source of network problems to reside in one or more devices concurrently. 

As such, the Bidder shall perform troubleshooting techniques to isolate the source 

of, diagnose and resolve or assist in the resolution of network problems.  

 

The Bidder shall use diagnostic tools or tools that are appropriate for use in 

diagnosing problems.  

The Bidder shall, when required, participate and/or lead in conference calls during 

mitigation actions or network anomalies.  

 

The Bidder when directed shall provide the Network Operations Team with after 

action reports regarding troubleshooting efforts and/or resolution actions taken 

during and/or after network event troubleshooting.  

 
5.10 Network Trend Analysis 

The Bidder shall perform network trend analysis to compile daily and/or longer-

term reports for various network traffic areas of interest. These reports shall 

supply both generalized and specific information about targeted areas and shall 

provide useful snapshots of information. These reports shall include but are not 

limited to daily and weekly reports covering various error conditions, workload   

and memory and network utilization. Customized trend analysis shall be provided 

based on current monitoring capabilities on an as-needed basis.  

 

5.11 Incident Support 

This should cover the day-to-day handling of the basic problems arising in the 

WAN environment in the GUVNL, affecting the operations. The deliverable should 

provide the following: 

 

1. Single point of Contact point for all incidents / problems reported for the WAN. 
 

2. Bidder should log call in their own helpdesk tool installed at NOC and field 
engineer nodes for all the incidents related to WAN. If it is found that problem is 
related with equipments then it has to be categorizing according to type of 
incidents and has to log incidents to track the progress of the call. In the event 
a device has had more than three service calls for the same fault in any month 
period then Bidder should evaluate the performance of the device and should 
get it fully rectified at no additional cost to GUVNL. 

 
3. Bidder should do tracking and Co-ordination of all incidents/problems till 

resolution as per SLA and should update GUVNL‟s Network Team at specific 
intervals. 

 
4. Bidder should conduct the first level diagnosis of the problem reported and take 

appropriate actions to address quick restoration of the services. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 14 of 71 

 

 
5. Bidder should co-ordinate with Service Provider in case of problems arising due 

to hardware failures or otherwise in the WAN environment, in which case the 
involvement of the Service Provider is required. Bidder should escalate 
incidents within the process and/ or to management or to the relevant Service 
Provider for quick resolution as per escalation matrix of relevant 
Communication media Service Provider and ensure the resolution of an 
incident or a problem. 

 
6. Bidder should provide required support for shifting of network devices during 

addition/ relocation/ cancellation of any GUVNL locations as a part of network 
management service. 

 
7. Bidder should maintain the network device inventory of all GUVNL‟s location 

and should update the same as and when required and submit the same to 
GUVNL. 

 
8. Bidder should perform continuous process improvement for better link 

availability. 
 

9. Bidder should submit progress report to GUVNL on the incidents / problems 
reported and the actions taken to address the same and the same needs to be 
jointly reviewed by Service Provider and GUVNL 

 
10. Trends on the incidents / problems and should bring in notice of GUVNL based 

on the historical data samples. 
 

11. Bidder should verify and control known errors, fault correlation and isolation. 
 

12. Bidder should prepare Root Cause Analysis for all major issues, defined as 
usual faults leading to downtimes in a link within a continuous period of 3 days, 
or above. 

 
13. Bidder should perform any maintenance or installation activity of network 

equipments as and when requested by GUVNL as part of network 
management. 

 
14. Bidder should document any change in the WAN network and should get the 

signature of authorized person from GUVNL and produce same as and when 
demanded. 

 
15. Bidder should do proactive & predictive maintenance and identify areas of 

improvement 
 
5.12 Monitoring  

 

This part of the Bidder‟s deliverable should aim at taking proactive measures by 

keeping an online track on the failures or alerts reported by the monitoring tools, 

which have or could have impacted the availability of the systems for the intended 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 15 of 71 

 

business functions. It also aims at ensuring smooth functioning of the system by 

carrying out the day-to-day maintenance / operational activities based on the 

implemented solution and process. 

The following services should be executed through this deliverable. 

1. Monitoring of failures of Lease Line / Wireless / Ethernet link / any other link 

deployed in the WAN impacting network availability to the location. 

2. Monitoring of Network Equipment i.e. Routers, Modems (MLLN/Non MLLN) 

deployed in the WAN impacting network availability to the location. 

3. Bidder should ensure maximum uptime for network devices, if a device 

experiences less than uptime defined in Service Levels during a month 

periods due to hardware failure then Bidder should coordinate with 

respective GUVNL authority. 

 

4.  Bidder has to provide the Helpdesk manpower at NOC, 24/7 and 365 days 

of the year for managing & Liaisoning of the links round the clock. Bidder is 

required to provide qualified Network Engineers in all shifts. 

5. Bidder has to provide one terminal at GUVNL‟s discretion to monitor the 

link uptime and performance during contractual period. 

 

5.13 Documentation and Administration 

Bidder should perform the following activities:- 

 

1. Maintaining the Network Diagram in line with the solution implemented 
onsite. 

2. Connectivity maps of the WAN environment detailing the connectivity and 
type of communication medium deployed. 

3. Recording changes in the site documents. 

4. Maintaining the circuit details and Copper/OFC/RF/any other media details 
with respect to each location and should submit to GUVNL network team 
through monthly link commissioning report. 

5. Testing of network lines daily morning and should submit the checklist 
report to network team.  

6. Maintaining the protocol address registers in terms of changes, addition or 
deletion of sites. 

7. Maintaining of device configuration backup on a monthly basis. 

8. Bidder should manage configurations of network equipments and track 
changes regularly if any change in network same should be updated via 
email and should capture in NOC site documents. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 16 of 71 

 

9. Bidder should submit the daily link downtime report to GUVNL for 365 days 
in year 

10. Bidder should maintain the Lease Line /MLLN line/other Circuit details with 
them and should update as and when any addition or deletion of links 
happens 

11. Bidder is required to maintain the all the documentation related to Network 
at GUVNLs NOC.  

5.14 Preventive Maintenance: 

Bidder will conduct Preventive maintenance measures at all sites on 

monthly basis except at Sub Division/ Substation locations on quarterly 

basis. 

 

5. 15 Escalation Matrix: 
Bidder will provide the escalation matrix procedures with Level-1, 2 & 3. 

Escalation offering complete escalation for service provider also. 

 

5.16 Material Inventory: 

Bidder should maintain the inventory for all Data Communications 

equipments on behalf of GUVNL. Inventory includes, Serial no., Model no., 

Type etc. Bidder has to submit report on quarterly interval containing details 

like Location Name, Item Name, Srno, Model Type etc to GUVNL.  

 

Bidder should also maintain the inventory of replaced Parts from the original 

manufacturers or from Authorized distributor and same will be updated time 

to time to GUVNL officials. 

 

6. Maintenance Services Commitment: 

Bidder‟s response time for maintenance / breakdown complaint from any of the 

destination specified in the schedule of requirements (i.e. time required to report 

at the sites for bidder's engineer after the receipt of complains from GUVNL 

through call/e-mail/fax or letter form) shall be: 

 Less than 3 hours in District Head Quarter 

 Less than 9  hours at other locations 

In case of no equipment spares are required than the problem has to be solved 

within 9 hours from receipt of complaint time. In case of equipment replacement 

required bidder shall solve the problem within 24 hours from receipt of complaint 

time. 

 

7. Availability Management 

The Bidder should aim at maintaining readiness for recovering from situations in 

earliest possible time frame in case of an incident or problem arising in the WAN 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 17 of 71 

 

environment or associated environment to reduce the impact on the business 

units. 

1. Identification of probable causes of failures in the WAN environment. 

2. Impact of associated systems, which can affect the WAN availability. 

3. Defining methodologies / workaround to address the probable causes of 

failures in case of incident or emergency. 

4. Recommend on the possible solution / workaround to address the probable 

causes of failure and follow up till its closure. The identification of probable 

causes and methodologies should be done in consultation with the GUVNL.  

5. The service delivery aims at addressing such issues to best of its 

knowledge and the inputs received from the site and does not guarantee or 

claim that all the incidents arising onsite should qualify for the 

methodologies defined for recovery or otherwise the availability of the 

system. The deliverable aims to monitor the utilization of the resources 

deployed, providing inputs for optimization and to cater to requirements for 

the future growth. Using the necessary performance tools the following 

inputs can be obtained. 

6. Trend reports on overall network availability in comparison to link uptimes 

monthly basis. 

7. Top OFC/Copper/RF/MLLN usage reports. 

8. Movement of Network hardware from one location to another location based 

on the requirement. 

9. Based on the data from the performance monitoring tools, the Bidder should 

analyze and provide inputs to the GUVNL with recommendations and 

suggestions. 

 

8. Lease Line Management 

This Bidder‟s service should cover of uptimes on the lease lines. The following 

services should be covered by the bidder. 

 

1. Monitoring all WAN links 24 X 7, 365 days basis at all locations as per 

Existing Links details and additional future links year on year; during the 

tenure of the contract. 

2. Call logging or booking trouble ticket inside helpdesk tool to capture the link 

failure instances and should post the required update till its closure. 

3. Monitoring all WAN links / error rates across the network submission of the 

reports to GUVNL‟s network team 

4. Diagnoses of the link outage problems reported and take appropriate actions 

to address quick restoration of the link. 

5. Liaison with Service Provider in case of link failures. 

6. Line availability analysis - The health of all the links should be carefully 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 18 of 71 

 

monitored. Their downtimes, the reason for the same, the time taken to bring 

up a circuit are carefully documented and issues external to the network are 

also noted. An analysis of the data collected throws up the problems within 

or external to the network. This helps in proactive management of the 

circuits. The data is used to diagnose and take corrective action 

7. Log monitoring for any link / event failure (like link exceeding set thresholds) 

and notification of faults to be made in immediate notice to GUVNL‟s network 

team and taking appropriate action to resolve the problem. 

8. Link outage report to be maintained shift wise on daily basis and same 

should share with GUVNLs network team. 

9. Bidder should perform daily morning checklist of all links (twice a week) and 

should submit the report to GUVNL and should take corrective actions for 

non functioning links. 

10. Escalation of the link outages /fluctuations / error nature to respective 

maintenance / service provider and follow up till resolution and should keep 

mail communication to GUVNLs network team and has to provide updates 

with exact details. Maintain escalation matrix for different locations. 

11. Logging calls with Service Provider in case of breakdown or failures after 

accessing reported incidents or requests and should provide the report after 

call get logged. 

12. Troubleshooting and identifying line problems along with Service Provider. 

13. Ensure error free communication on WAN link. 

14. Bidder should conduct the required meetings with Service Provider and 

Liasoning with Service Provider for resolving downtime issues, if any, for 

levy/waiver of penalty. 

 

9. Maintenance and monitoring of network  

The BIDDER shall do all such configuration as access list, firewall features that 

are required on the routers or other equipments under their maintenance. 

 

The BIDDER shall maintain the network equipments inventory and configuration 

details. 

The BIDDER will be responsible for ensuring the quality of service required by 

each of the applications running on the network. This activity includes application 

wise investigation of bandwidth usage, network latency, and identification of 

congestion points, troubleshooting and capacity planning. 

 

In case, the network latency is more than expected, it shall be the duty of the 

BIDDER to investigate the network to find out the cause and rectify the same for 

achieving the optimal network operation. 

 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 19 of 71 

 

10. Equipment Ownership:  

 All current and future WAN equipment will remain under the ownership of GUVNL 

but will be managed by the bidder. The bidder will maintain an inventory list of the 

equipment, manufacturer, serial number, location, and principal user etc. As and 

when additional equipment needs are identified, the selected Bidder shall bring 

these requirements to notice of GUVNL based upon equipment life-cycle 

requirements.   

 

11. Staffing  

GUVNL must be involved in the selection, at the time of initiation of project and 

later on if there is any change in staff. For the replacement of any position, the 

Bidder should notify GUVNL in writing ninety (90) days prior for any planned 

replacement or turnover of staff. For any unplanned replacement or turnover of 

staff the selected Bidder should notify GUVNL in writing within twenty four hours 

of receipt of notification. The expectations for service levels will be at the same 

level or higher for this replacement. 

12. Manpower placement 

As a part of contract, BIDDER has to ensure placement of qualified network 

engineers at all DISCOMs/GETCO Circle offices to maintain the network. Bidder 

has to deploy a network engineer for maintenances of GUVNL LAN/WAN of DC 

and GUVNL building.   Apart from the network engineers, the BIDDER shall 

provide dedicated engineers at NOC Vadodara as described at clause Personnel 

Qualifications and Certifications & Manpower Deployment. 
  

The BIDDER shall monitor all the links/devices from NOC on 24x7 bases. 

BIDDER should take the necessary action proactively to restore the network 

without waiting the call from field offices. 
  

Any pre-empt error condition that is captured through system will be informed to 

The NOC / field engineer for taking proactive action. Field Offices may also report 

the call to NOC/ field engineer either telephonically or e-mail or any mode of 

communication. 

 

13. Substitution Of Personnel  

The Bidder shall not substitute key personnel without the prior approval of 

GUVNL. To replace any personnel, the Bidder shall submit resumes of the 

proposed personnel specifying their qualification and experiences. All proposed 

substitute personnel shall have qualifications equal to or better than those of the 

replaced personnel and must be approved by the GUVNL. GUVNL shall have the 

option to interview the proposed substitute personnel. After the interview, GUVNL 

shall notify the Bidder of acceptance or denial of the requested substitution. 

During the change of personnel, there will be adequate overlap of transition period 

to the satisfaction of GUVNL, which shall not be less than one month.   



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 20 of 71 

 

 

14. Expertise Required 

The bidder company must demonstrate and certify that it possesses at a minimum 

five (5) years experience in providing network engineering and administrative 

support for large enterprise environments, including one (1) or more of the 

network engineering  certifications listed below. Successful bidder shall deploy 

Project Manager, Network Specialist and Network Engineers for entire contractual 

period. 

 

15. Personnel Qualifications and Certifications  

The following qualifications are required by the person(s) proposed to perform and 

maintain Network Management Services:  

1. Minimum of three (3) years experience implementing new LAN/WAN 
designs, architectures and integration  

2. Minimum of three (3) years experience troubleshooting and configuration of 
large enterprise LAN/WAN networks  

3. Minimum of three (3) years experience configuring & troubleshoot Wireless 
networks.  

4. Minimum of three (3) years experience configure & implementing OSPF, 
BGP,IGP  protocols  

5. Minimum of three (3) years  experience configuring L2 and L3 Access 
Control Lists  

6. Minimum of three (3) years experience configuring and troubleshooting 
network load-balancer systems  

 

16. Network Engineering Certifications  

Personal from Bidder Company assigned to this task, must possess one (1) or 

more of the following Network Engineering Certifications:  

 Cisco Certifications (Mandatory)  

 CCNA (Minimum) Routing and Switching  

 CCNP (Preferred) Routing and Switching  

 CCIE (Most Preferred) Routing and Switching  
 

17. Manpower Deployment 
Sr.No. Position Stationed at Number of 

Person 
Work 
Durations 

Tota
l 
Nos. 

1 Project Manager NOC, Vadodara 1 General 
Shift 

1 

2 Network Specialist NOC, Vadodara 1 General 1 

3 Network Engineers NOC, Vadodara 2  (I, II 
Shift) 
1  (III Shift) 

Shift 
Rotation 

5 

4 Network Engineers# Each Circle 1 General 38 

5 GUVNL LAN/WAN NOC, Vadodara 1 General 1 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 21 of 71 

 

Engineer  

Company wise Field Network Engineer Deployment Locations are shown at Annexure-V 
 

18. Vendor network team shall have the following profile: 

Team Description  Team Profile 

Project Manager  Minimum 8 years of IT experience 

 Minimum 3 years of Project Management 
experience 

 Experience of managing large Network Programs 

 Experience of handling large teams 

 Preferably Graduate Engineer 
 Certification – CCNP or equivalent 

Network Specialists  Minimum 6 years experience of working on WAN 

 Specific experience in implementing various 
routing 

 protocol / MPLS technology 

 Certification – CCNP or equivalent 
Network Engineers 
at NOC 

 Minimum 4 years experience of networking 

 Certification – CCNA or equivalent 

 call take up, documentation, call allocation, 
tracking escalation, reporting, 

 working on Help Desk module 

Network Engineers 
at DISCOMs/GETCO 
Circle locations 

 Minimum 3 years experience in liasoning with 
Service Provider line commissioning & 
maintenance 

 LAN and WAN troubleshooting 

 Certification – in networking 
 

19. Roles & Responsibilities 

P
ro

je
c
t 

M
a

n
a

g
e

r 

Overall responsibility for the 
entire project including- 

 Network Implementation 

 Network Monitoring & 

 Maintenance 

 Inventory Management 

 Spares management 

 SLA Management 

 Timely project execution 

 Team management 

 Overall monitoring and management of 
network 

 Spare and logistics management 

 SLA reporting 

 Meeting scheduling with Telecom Service 
Provider  

N
e

tw
o

rk
 

S
p

e
c

ia
li
s

t 

Responsible for all the 
technical aspect of project 
implementation and running 
Of the entire network. 

 Network troubleshooting 

 Network Changes – 
vetting 

 Changes in existing 
routers 

 IP Address Maintenance 

Vetting any alteration to the 
Network Centralised Management Router 

 configuration and inventory 

 Assigning access level to Network  

 IP address maintenance 

 Trouble shooting and debugging of 
problems, if any 

 Up gradation of existing routers 

 Changes in existing routers 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 22 of 71 

 

N
e

tw
o

rk
 E

n
g

in
e
e
rs

 

Day-to-day maintenance of all 
network equipments links etc. 
 
Taking the calls, allocation 
 
Liaison for new leased lines 
Liaison with Service Providers 
escalation of calls 

 Network equipment installation at the 
locations where Network Engineers are 
based 

 Manage Network equipment 
configuration Network equipment access 
controls 

 Trouble shooting and debugging of 
problems, if any 

 Up gradation of Network equipment 

 Changes in Network equipment 

 Call logging; call assignment, follow up 
for call closure (talking to field offices to 
arrive at problems and solutions)  

 Call closure. Submission of related 
reports periodically. 

 
 

20. Network Capacity Planning  

The bidder shall perform data collection to assist in network capacity planning. 

Network usage and configuration information shall be used with performance 

statistics to reflect current and long-term bandwidth utilization. This information 

shall be used to better estimate future requirements based on application, 

organizational or technological changes as well as adjustments to provide 

improved cost/benefit of current resources.  

 

21. Network audit 

 During the tenure of the contract, the BIDDER shall conduct a network audit once 

in a Year on the following aspects without any cost to the GUVNL: 

 

1. To examine the health of the network by verifying the parameters such as 

link latency, CRC errors, link utilization during peak hours, version control 

of router OS and other network applications. 

2. To identify the performance bottlenecks and to take suitable rectification 

steps, in consultation with the GUVNL and suggest measures for 

improvement. 

3. The BIDDER will be responsible for configuration of the network devices as 

per the GUVNL‟s IT security policy.   

4. Vendor will be responsible for complying with all the audit observations. 

 

The BIDDER is required to quote for management and maintenance of the all 

networking equipments and all network links including manpower provisioning on 

an annual basis. No additional charges such as conveyance, traveling, per diem 

hotel expenses etc., will be paid to the BIDDER or their engineers. This 

responsibility will cover the continuous monitoring of leased lines, ISDN lines, 

network equipment and taking of corrective action as soon as possible. All leased 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 23 of 71 

 

lines, ISDN lines, MPLS VPN and RF links irrespective of their bandwidth will be 

treated as identical and no differentiation will be assumed between them.   
 

This section lays down the general and commercial terms and conditions and 

describes the bidding process including content and form of responses. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 24 of 71 

 

 

 Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited 
(An ISO 9001:2008 Company) 

Sardar Patel Vidyut Bhavan Race Course, Vadodara-390007 

(GST NO. 24AACCG2861L1ZK CIN U40109GJ2004SGC045195)  
E-mail IDs –  
cetech.guvnl@gebmail.com, 
eetech1.guvnl@gebmail.com, 
de2.guvnl@gebmail.com 

Tele (Di):  (0265) 2340205     
PBX:  (0265) 2310582 to 86      
FAX:  (0265) 2337918, 2338164 

No. GUVNL/Tech-1/                                                                                      Date: 

To, 
M/s. 

         

Sub:  Wide Area Network Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, Network 

Operating Center-NOC monitoring and control and Networking Engineers 

Manpower Services For NOC, Various locations of GUVNL and its 

subsidiary companies 

Ref: Our Tender Enquiry No. GUVNL / Tech / 60275/  

 Due on 05.07.19 (Technical Bid) 

 

Dear Sirs, 

 Enclosed please find a copy of our above-mentioned tender enquiry for which 

tender in duplicate have to be submitted in Two (2) Parts viz. 

1. Technical bid including commercial terms & conditions with all the enclosures 
2.Price Bid (On line). 

       (EMD cover should be kept as separate enclosure & should be submitted with Technical 

Bid.) 

1. TECHNICAL AND COMMERCIAL BID: 
      The technical and commercial bid shall comprise of all the technical details of the 

equipment‟s as per Schedule -“A” of Tender and all the commercial terms and conditions, 

etc., EXCEPT THE PRICE BID which should be quoted through on-line only. 

       The Technical Bid shall be sent in the envelope (duly sealed) super scribed 

“TECHINCAL with TENDER NO”. The Technical Bid shall be opened at 03:00 PM (15:00 

Hrs.) on date 08.07.19 in the presence of those tenderers who wish to be present. If the 

Liaison Agent / Representative is likely to be present then he must submit the 

authorization letter of the representing company at the time of opening of Bids and 

this is compulsory. Only One liaison agent is allowed. 

 

2. PRICE BID: 
      The Price Bid must be submitted strictly as per Schedule –“B”. The time and date of 

opening of the Price Bid shall be determined by GUVNL and communicated to the 

tendering firms after technical bids are analyzed and the intimation will be sent only to the 

technically accepted tenderers. 

mailto:cetech.guvnl@gebmail.com
mailto:eetech1.guvnl@gebmail.com
mailto:de2.guvnl@gebmail.com


 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 25 of 71 

 

      Any technical questions, information‟s and clarifications that may be required 

pertaining to this enquiry should be referred to the C.E. (Technical), Gujarat Urja Vikas 

Nigam Ltd. Race Course, Vadodara. 

        Bids shall be valid for at least 120 Days from the date of opening of the technical 

bid. 

The demand draft for Earnest Money Deposit should be kept in the EMD cover 

only. 

IMPORTANT: The tender should be sent by registered A.D. or by Speed Post only & 

addressed to The Chief Engineer (Technical), GUVNL, Technical Department, Head 

Office, Race Course, Vadodara-390 007. (No Courier Service will be allowed). Hand 

Delivery NOT allowed. 

     Both the covers “TECHNICAL” and “E.M.D.COVER” should be submitted 

simultaneously in the respective envelopes (duly sealed) so as to reach this office not later 

than 2.00 PM, on the same day as above. NO EXTENSION IN DUE DATE WILL BE 

GIVEN. 

       Please note that the required certificates should be invariably submitted with tender 

copy.  And tender without above certificates is liable to be ignored. „TECHNICAL‟ bid 

received after the due date will not be accepted and the offer is liable to be ignored. 

 

  

 

 

                              Yours faithfully, 

 

 

.                    For C. E. (Technical) 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 26 of 71 

 

Commercial Terms and Conditions:  

1. General Terms and Conditions 

 

1. The bidders are advised to study all technical and commercial aspects, 

instructions, annexure, schedules, terms & conditions and specifications in 

the proposal carefully. Failure  to  furnish  all  information  required  in  the  

RFP  or  submission  of  a  bid  not substantially responsive to the RFP in 

every respect will be at the bidder‟s risk and may result in the rejection of the 

bid. 

2. The bids shall be submitted strictly in conformity with the specifications given in 

this RFP and as per mandatory response format.   The tender not submitted 

in the prescribed format or incomplete in any manner are likely to be 

rejected without assigning any reasons. 

3. Tender document is not transferable. 

4. Bids submitted after due date & time or incomplete in any respect are liable 

to be rejected. 

5. Technical bid shall be opened first.  GUVNL reserves the right not to 

process the Commercial Bids in case the Technical Bid is found to be 

unsuitable / not fulfilling the requirements as specified in the RFP. 
6. All the standards related to the solution proposed are to be complied as per 

the best industry standard. 

7. The bidder shall by responding to GUVNL for RFP, be deemed to have 

accepted the terms and conditions of the RFP. 
8. Delay in completion of assignment in the prescribed time limit will attract 

penalty as per clause no. 10,11,12. 

9. GUVNL reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity against each 

item/s while placing the order. 
 

2. Rights of GUVNL 
 

This  RFP  entails  an  invitation  by  GUVNL  for  bidder  response  for Wide Area 

Network Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, NOC & Networking Engineers 

Manpower Services. It does not imply an offer by GUVNL and there will be no 

contractual obligation until a formal contract is executed by the authorized 

signatories of GUVNL and the selected bidder. 

 

With regard to the RFP, GUVNL has the following rights: 
 

1. Accept or reject any of the proposals. Alter the RFP before opening of technical 
bid. 

2. Ask for re-submission. 

3. Request clarification from bidders. 

4. Terminate the RFP process, partially or entirely. 

5. Modify the specifications during the process before opening of technical bid. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 27 of 71 

 

6. To evaluate the Bids based on reasonability and workable offer solution under 
this RFP. 

 
If technical deviations furnished by the bidder are not agreeable to GUVNL, the 

offers may be ignored. However it will be solely at GUVNL‟s discretion to consider 

the technical deviations OR not for considering the bidder. No correspondences 

of the bidder after opening of the bid will be entertained in this matter. 

 

GUVNL reserves the right to issue the amendments to the RFP at anytime prior 

to the deadline for the submission of Bids. From the date of issue, amendments 

to RFP shall be deemed to form an integral part of the RFP Document. 

 

GUVNL may, in its absolute discretion, engage in discussion or negotiation with 

L1 bidder, if required. 
 

GUVNL may, in its absolute discretion, seek additional information or material 

from any Respondents after the RFP closes and all such information and material 

provided must be taken to form part of that Respondent‟s response. 
 

The Bids received and accepted shall be evaluated by GUVNL to ascertain the 

best bid in the interest of GUVNL based on evaluation process described in this 

RFP. However, GUVNL does not bind itself to accept the lowest or any Bid and 

reserves the right to reject any or all Bids at any point of time prior to the order 

without assigning any reasons whatsoever. GUVNL reserves the right to re-

tender. 
 

GUVNL shall not incur any liability to the affected Bidder(s) on account of such 

rejection. GUVNL shall not be obliged to inform the affected Bidder(s) the 

grounds for GUVNL‟s acceptance or rejection. 
 

GUVNL while evaluating the proposal will also consider the competence and 

capability of the bidder‟s support services. 
 

3. Tender Fee 
 

Tender fee of Rs. 7,500/- Plus 18% GST i.e. Rs. 8,850/- (Rupees Eight 

Thousand eight hundred fifty Only) (Non- refundable) should invariably be paid 

by way of Demand Draft otherwise offer shall be ignored out rightly. Indian 

Postal Orders (IPO‟s) & Cheques are not acceptable. Demand Draft should 

be in the name of the “Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd.”, payable at Vadodara. 

The envelope shall be addressed to the Chief Engineer (Tech), GUVNL. 

GUVNL shall not be responsible for the transit loss or misplacement. 

Alternatively,  the  bidder  can  pay  tender  fee  in  CASH  (at  GUVNL,  HO, 

Vadodara  – Cash  Counter)  and  enclose  the  original  Money  receipt  in  the 

EMD  cover. Tender fee Demand Draft / Original Money receipt must be 

kept in the cover of EMD; otherwise supplier‟s offer is liable to be 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 28 of 71 

 

rejected. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 29 of 71 

 

4. Earnest Money: 
All the Bidders shall be required to pay EMD of Rs. 1,20,000/-, except those who are 

exempted as per Industries & Mines Department, GoG New Purchase Policy 

Resolution No. SPO/1095/2636(97)/CH dated 23.09.1997 for Small and Micro Scale 

Industries. The EMD is payable by Demand Draft in favour of the Gujarat Urja Vikas 

Nigam Ltd. on any Scheduled / Nationalized Banks in Vadodara. It can also be 

furnished by way of an irrecoverable Bank Guarantee from any nationalized Bank as 

per Govt. GR No. EMD/10/2018/18/DMO/ dated 16.04.18 in a standard format 

prescribed by GUVNL (Format given in this tender document).  

In cases,where EMD need not to be paid, valid exemption Certificates duly Notarized 

has to be produced / attached in place of EMD documents as per the Tender Terms 

and Conditions. 

The Micro and Small Scale Industrial (manufacturing) Units registered under Small 

Scale Industries of Gujarat State and holding subsequent registration with 

CSPO/NSIC/DGS&D, Registration Certificates for the item under Tender will be 

eligible for exemption from payment of EMD on submission of attested copies of their 

SSI (SSI/ MSME Part-II/Udhyog Aadhar Memorandum) & CSPO/NSIC/DGS&D 

Registration Certificates in EMD Cover. This benefit of exemption will not be 

admissible if they take part in the tender indirectly either through their dealers, agents, 

distributors or other intermediates. 

Government or Semi-Government Organizations, which are being run departmentally 

& are not Limited Companies, will be eligible for exemption from payment of EMD.Any 

basic document with regard to EMD will not be acceptable after closing time of On-line 

bid of Tender. 

The validity of the Bank Guarantee for EMD should be for a period of at least Six  

Months from the date of submission of the Bid of the Tender. 

EMD of the unsuccessful Tenderers if paid by Demand Draft will be returned after 

placing of the LoI to the successful Tenderer through RTGS/NEFT for credit to his 

Bank Account. The Bidder shall have to give details of his Bank Account with a 

Cheque duly cancelled. No claim for refund of EMD against original Money Receipt 

shall be entertained by the Company. The Bank Guarantee of the unsuccessful 

Tenderers towards EMD shall be returned within 15 days from the date of placing of 

the order to the successful Tenderer. However, the EMD Amount / Bank Guarantee of 

technically disqualified bidder will be returned after opening of price bids. The details of 

refund of EMD by RTGS with transaction No. should be informed to respective bidder 

by letter/ e-mail etc… 

EMD will be returned to the successful Bidders, only on their submission of 

Performance Guarantee towards execution period (i.e. Security Deposit) against order 

released on them. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 30 of 71 

 

Cheques are not acceptable. CORPORATE BANK GUARANTEES NOT 

ALLOWED. 

Documents towards payment of Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) & Tender Fee 

may please be kept in the EMD cover only. First the EMD cover will be opened & 

if the documents towards payment of EMD are found OK then only Technical Bid 

will be opened which may please be noted. 

Tenders submitted without Earnest Money Deposit by the firms, who are not eligible 

for any exemption, will be rejected without entering in to further correspondence in this 

regard and no reference will also be made. 

EMD will be forfeited (i) if the tender, which it covers, is withdrawn during the 

validity of the offer and (ii) the Tenderer fails to furnish / deposit the security 

deposit. 

5. Price 

The prices quoted by the bidders shall be in Indian Rupees only. The Bids 

shall be valid for a period of 120 days from the date of opening of price Bid. 
 

6. Delivery Period 
 
The commencement period will be 2 weeks from the date of PO. On successful 

completion of acceptability test for consecutive 3 days for NOC at GUVNL, 

Network Engineer Manpower services at described field locations and after 

GUVNL is satisfied with the accuracy and completeness of the performance of 

the scope of work defined in this RFP, the acceptance certificate signed by the 

representative of GUVNL and representative of the Vendor will be issued. The 

date on which such certificate is signed shall be deemed to be the date of 

commencement of the contract for Wide Area Network Hardware Equipment 

AMC, Warranty, NOC and Networking Engineers Manpower Services.  

 

7. Validity of Contract  
 

The Contract shall be valid for a period of 1 (One) year from the commencement 

date as per above clause 6. GUVNL reserves the right to extend the contract 

for a further period of 2 (Two) years at the same rate, terms & conditions of 

the original contract and subject to satisfactory performance during the 

original contract period. 
 

8. Payment Terms 
 

Payment shall be made quarterly at the end of the quarter. Bidder shall have to 

submit daily down time log report, WAN hardware equipment movement 

monthly report, manpower presence monthly report etc duly certified by GM(IT), 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 31 of 71 

 

GUVNL or his authorized representative along with quarterly bills. Payments will 

be made with in 30 days of submission of invoice complete in all respect 

through cheques drawn on scheduled bank at Vadodara. 
 

9. Security Deposit for Contract Period:  
 

The bidder shall have to pay 10% of the value of the order as a Security 

Deposit within 21 days of letter of Intent / Letter of Acceptance, either in the 

form of Bank Guarantee, or a separate DD payable at Vadodara, valid for the 

entire contract period plus one month-i.e. (13 months from date of 

commencement) till the completion of contract of Wide Area Network Hardware 

Equipment AMC, Warranty, NOC & Networking Engineers Manpower Services 

towards satisfactory completion of the order. The Bank Guarantee must be 

executed as per the standard format prescribed by GUVNL. The bank guarantee 

shall be from any of the nationalized banks or ICICI Bank / HDFC Bank / Axis 

Bank / IDBI Bank or the banks notified by GoG vide GR No 

EMD/10/2018/18/DMO/ dated 16.04.18 and from time to time. In case SD is paid 

by way of DD, no interest shall be paid thereon for the period for which it 

remains with the customer. CORPORATE BANK GUARANTEES NOT 

ALLOWED. 

If the full amount either by Cash/D.D./BG as Performance Guarantee towards 
execution period (i.e. Security Deposit) is not paid within 21 (Twenty one) days from 
the date of letter of Intent (LOI), then the LOI will be out rightly cancelled at the risk & 
cost of the Tenderer (at the discretion of MGVCL) and without entering into any 
correspondences and this will be binding on the Tenderer and actions shall be taken 
against such defaulter like stop dealing or any other actions as decided by GUVNL. 

The supply guarantee is for due performance of contract and the same is liable 

to forfeit by GUVNL in the event of non fulfillment of the terms and conditions of 

the contract. It will be refunded to successful bidder after the final payments of 

the bill. As per purchase policy 2016, the amount of EMD/SD/any payment 

against supply withheld at the instance of GUVNL  or any of its subsidiary 

companies shall be appropriated against the dues recoverable from the firm  by 

GUVNl or any of its subsidiary companies. EMD/SD/PG in the form of BG shall 

be encased and appropriated.   

 

10. Delays in the vendor‟s performance 
 

The Bidder must strictly adhere to the maintenances of WAN data link and 

WAN equipment AMC services, Equipment delivery at GUVNL locations, 

Deployment of manpower at NOC & field offices, commissioning of NOC as 

specified in the agreement / contract in the performance of the obligations and 

any delay in this regard will entitle GUVNL to resort to any or both of the 

following: 
 

o Claiming Liquidated Damages 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 32 of 71 

 

o Termination of the agreement / contract fully or partly and claim 

liquidated damages. 
 

10.1 Liquidated Damages: 
Time is the essence of the Agreement / contract. The Bidder will be liable to 

pay GUVNL liquidated damages (LD)@ half percent( 0.5%) per week or part 

thereof but limited to the maximum of 10 % value plus applicable GST of 

agreement / contract inclusive of all taxes, duties, levies etc. due to any delay in 

performance or non-performance of any or all the obligations under  the  

agreement/contract.  This condition will   not be applicable for reasons 

attributable to GUVNL as well as Force Majeure, though the onus of 

proving the same lies with the Vendor. 
 

GUVNL will have the right to recover the liquidated damages, if any, from 

any amount payable to the Vendor under any other contracts awarded by 

GUVNL or its subsidiary companies. Also, if the  specifications of the RFP 

are not met by the bidder during various  tests,  the  bidder  shall  rectify   

or  replace  the  same  to  comply  with  the specifications immediately, 

failing which GUVNL has the sole right either to reject or to accept it finally 

by recovering the suitable amount as deemed  reasonable by GUVNL. 

Decision of GUVNL in this regard shall be final and binding. 

Further, “GUVNL reserves the right to terminate the Contract (i.e.  Works 

order) at any time, without  assigning  any  reasons,  whatsoever,  by  giving  

a  notice  period  of ONE month from   the date of  Notice of termination of 

the Contract. Bidders will not be entitled for any compensations / damages / 

losses, whatsoever, on account of such termination of the Contract.” 
 
 

11. Service Level Agreement   
Up time 

The Guaranteed uptime performance requirement is 99%, of each WAN 

hardware equipment. 

 

Uptime is defined as below: 

UP TIME (%) = Total no of hours in the year / Quarter - Total down time (in hours)   X 100 

                         Total no. of hours in the year / Quarter 

For up time calculation, number of days in a year would be 365 

days. 
 

12. Penalty   
 

The maximum response time for maintenance / Breakdown complaint 

from any of the destination specified in the schedule of requirements 

(i.e. time required to report at the sites for supplier's engineer after the 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 33 of 71 

 

receipt of complains from GUVNL through call/e-mail/fax or letter form) 

shall be: 

Less than 3 hours in District Head Quarter 

Less than 9 hours at other locations 
 

In case of no equipment spares are required than the problem has to be solved 

within 9 hours from receipt of complains time (Except Core router). In case of 

equipment replacement required bidder shall solve the problem within 24 

hours from receipt of complains time (Except core router). In the event of any 

delay occurs in maintenance services of Data Equipments, 1% Plus applicable 

GST of equipment penalty charges given in Annexure -W of failed equipment 

per day will be levied as penalty ( Except core router ). If delay occurs in 

maintenance services for period of more than 7 days, additional 0.5% Plus 

applicable GST of yearly charge (Column no. 4 of Annexure- W) per day will be 

levied as a penalty over & above the penalty mentioned above at Sr. No 10.1. 

Nonpayment of penalty amount may result in to encashment of Bank 

Guarantee, during the Warranty period. 

For Core router, if it remain down for 1 hour or more due to hardware/service 

failure than, 2% Plus applicable GST of equipment penalty charges given in 

Annexure-W, of failed equipment per hour will be levied as penalty. 
 

If equipment is down for more than one month then GUVNL has right to 

purchase the equipments of equivalent/next higher models at the risk & cost of 

bidder. 

12.1 Penalty charges for Manpower Absentee / deficit 

Team Description  Penalty Per Day (in Rs.)/ Person 

Project Manager 2000/- Plus applicable GST 

Network Specialists 1500/- Plus applicable GST 

Network Engineers at NOC 1000/- Plus applicable GST 

Network Engineers at 
DISCOMs/GETCO Circle 
locations 

            500/- Plus applicable GST 

(The day is reckoned as calendar day not on the basis of 24 hours. 
Depending upon the requirements, GUVNL may change the 
operational hour’s timings from time to time.) 

12.2 Monthly Report Submission Schedule 

1. Preventive Maintenance Report for all locations on monthly basis except 

at SDO/SS on Quarterly Basis. 

2. Quarterly Inventory Report for all locations with location name, Item, 

Quantity, Model SrNo, Make, Type etc.   



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 34 of 71 

 

3. Equipment Movement Monthly Report  

4. Monthly link commissioning Report. 

5. Monthly Device Configuration Backup Report. 

6. Monthly Trend Report on overall network availability. 

7. Monthly Manpower Presence Sheet. 

Successful bidder has to submit all the above reports to GM (IT) on or before 10
th
 

day of Respective Month. Failing in submitting any of the above report in time to 

GUVNL shall attract penalty Rs. 1000/- per day. 

This penalty will be levied in addition to the penalty mentioned in SLA for 

WAN Hardware equipments mentioned as above.  

 

13. Termination of Contract 
 

In case, the bidder fails to deliver the services thereof within contractual period, 
GUVNL shall exercise its discretionary power either: 
 

1. To recover, from  the supplier  as agreed,  by  way  of  penalty clause 

above,  or  

2. To purchase elsewhere after giving due notice to the supplier on account 

and at the risk of the supplier such stores not so delivered or other similar 

description without canceling the contract in respect of the consignment 

not yet due for delivery or  

3. To cancel the contract.  

 
In the event of the risk purchase of services of similar description, the opinion of 

GUVNL shall be final. In the event of action taken under clause (a) or (b) above, 

the supplier shall liable to pay for any loss which GUVNL may sustain on that 

account but the supplier shall not be entitled to any saving on such purchases 

made against default. 

 
The decision of GUVNL shall be final as regards the acceptability of services 

supplied by the contractor and GUVNL shall not be required to give any reason in 

writing or otherwise at any time for rejection of the stores. 

 
Further, “GUVNL reserves the right to terminate the Contract (i.e. Work order) at 

any time, without assigning any reasons, whatsoever, by giving a notice period of 

ONE month from the date of Notice of termination of the Contract. Contractor will 

not be entitled for any compensations / damages / losses, whatsoever, on 

account of such termination of the Contract.” 

 

14. Indemnity  



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 35 of 71 

 

1. The Vendor shall indemnify, protect and save the GUVNL against all claims, 

losses, costs, damages, expenses, action suits and other proceedings, 

resulting from any actions of the employees, agents of the Vendor.  

2. The Vendor shall   undertaking as per Annexure-U, to protect and save the 

GUVNL against all claims, losses, costs, damages, expenses, action suits and 

other proceedings, resulting from infringement of any law pertaining to patent, 

trademarks, copyrights etc. or such other statutory infringements in respect of 

all hardware and software used by them.     

3. Compliance with Statutory and Regulatory Provisions It shall be the sole 

responsibility of the Vendor to comply with all statutory and regulatory 

provisions while delivering the services mentioned in this RFP. 

4. The Vendor shall be entirely responsible for all applicable taxes, duties, levies, 

charges, license fees, road permits, etc. in connection with movement of WAN 

equipments at site including incidental services and commissioning.  

5. The vendor must also ensure that all applicable laws framed by the Central 

Government, State Government and Local Bodies, including payment of 

applicable minimum Wages and all laws pertaining to contract employees/ 

labour laws are complied with while providing network management services. 

The vendor may have to execute an indemnity bond in favour of the GUVNL in 

this regard.  

6. Providing clarifications/particulars/documents etc. to the appropriate tax 

authorities for assessment of tax, compliance with labour and other laws, etc 

will be the responsibility of the vendor at his cost.  

7. Tax deduction at Source - Wherever the laws and regulations require deduction 

of such taxes at the source of payment, the GUVNL shall effect such 

deductions from the payment due to the Vendor. The remittance of amounts so 

deducted and issuance of certificate for such deductions shall be made by the 

GUVNL as per the laws and regulations in force.  

15. Arbitration 
 

All questions, disputes or differences whatsoever which may at any time arise 

between the parties to this agreement touching the agreement or subject matter 

thereof, arising out of or in relation there to  and whether as to construction 

or otherwise shall be referred to the decision of the Sole Arbitrator, appointed 

by the Chairman, GUVNL, for that purpose, who shall be a retired High Court 

Judge or  retired District and Sessions Judge, and the decision of the said 

Arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties. Reference to the arbitration 

shall be governed by the provisions of Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act., 

1996 as amended from time to time and the rules made there under. 
 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 36 of 71 

 

16. Jurisdiction 
 

All questions, disputes or differences arising under/ out of or in connection 

with the Tender / Contract if concluded shall be subject to the exclusive 

jurisdiction of the court under whose jurisdiction  the place from which the 

tender / Acceptance of tender is issued, is situated i.e. Vadodara. 
 

If the bidder fails to pay the Security Deposit or defaults in execution of the 

orders placed or if GUVNL suffers any financial loss due to this, then GUVNL 

will be at liberty to adjust the amount from other orders of the same firm placed 

by GUVNL or its subsidiary companies or by enchasing the Bank Guarantee. 
 

17. Submission of Bids 
 

The Bidders should submit their responses in two parts, 
 
1. The Technical Bid 
2. The Commercial Bid 
 
Formats of the technical tender forms are placed at Annexure C. 
All Bids and supporting documentation shall be submitted in English.  All costs 

and charges indicated in the Commercial Bids should only be in Indian Rupees. 

The sealed envelope containing Technical responses shall be super scribed 

Technical Bid  for  ******against RFP No ______ dated   ”in the top left 

hand corner. 

 

    Bidders are instructed not to submit their Price bid in physical form. 
The Bids which are not submitted as indicated above are liable to be rejected. 

GUVNL will not be liable for Postal or any other delay, non-receipt / non-delivery 

of documents, loss of documents in transit, etc., if any. 
 

Bidders are requested to submit a “soft copy” version of their Technical 

responses on a CD in Microsoft Office Word 2003 format over and above the 

hard copy of technical bid only. Soft copies are to be sealed with the respective 

Technical Bid envelopes. 
 

All pages of the Bid including Brochures are to be numbered as Page --- (current 
page) of  --- (total pages). The numbering shall be done for the whole Bid and not 
section-wise. 
 

Technical  bid  is  to  be  submitted  through  RPAD/Speed  post  only.  No  

courier/hand delivery will be allowed. 

DELAYED AND LATE TENDERS 

        NO TENDER SHALL BE ACCEPTED / OPENED IN ANY CASE WHICH 

ARE RECEIVED AFTER DUE DATE AND TIME OF THE RECEIPT OF TENDER 

IRRESPECTIVE OF DELAY DUE TO POSTAL SERVICES OR ANY OTHER 

REASONS AND GUVNL SHALL NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 37 of 71 

 

LATE RECEPIT OF TENDER. ANY CORRESPONDANCE IN THIS MATTER WILL 

NOT BE ENTERTAINED. 

 

The envelope shall be dated with the due date in the top right hand corner 

and addressed as below: 
 

Chief Engineer (Tech), GUVNL 

Sardar Patel Vidyut Bhavan, Race 

Course, Vadodara–390007 

 

You have to submit the contract agreement before placement of order. 
 
18. STATUTORY VARIATION 

 

Any statutory increase or decrease in the taxes and duties subsequent to 

suppliers offer if it takes place within the original contractual delivery date will be to 

GUVNL‟s account subject to the claim being supported by documentary evidence. 

However, if any decrease takes place after the contractual delivery date, the 

advantage will have to be passed on to GUVNL. 

 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 38 of 71 

 

Annexure A: Earnest Money Deposit 
 
 

E. M. D.   BANK GUARANTEE FORMAT  
 
FOR TENDER NO.: GUVNL / ____________________________ 

 

APPENDIX – I 

(BANK GUARANTEE ON NON-JUDICIAL STAMP PAPER OF Rs.100/-)  

           

WHEREAS M/s.  ____________________________________ (name & address of 
the Firm) having their registered office at 
_____________________________________ (address of the firms Registered Office) 
(hereinafter called the „Tenderer‟) wish to participate in the tender No.  
____________________________________ for 
_______________________________________ of (Supply / Erection / Supply & 
Erection Work) (Name of the material / equipment / Work) for 
_________________________ Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd. and WHEREAS a Bank 
Guarantee for  (hereinafter called the “Beneficiary”) Rs._____________ (amount of 
EMD) valid till _________ (mention here date of validity of this Guarantee which will 
be 4 (FOUR) months beyond initial validity of Tender‟s Offer) which is required to be 
submitted by the Tenderer along with the Tender. 
 
We, ____________________________ (name of the Bank and address of the Branch 
giving the Bank Guarantee) having our Registered Office at 
___________________________________ (address of Bank‟s Registered Office) 
hereby give this Bank Guarantee No. ________________ dated _________ and 
hereby agree unequivocally and unconditionally to pay immediately on demand in 
writing from the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd. or any  Officer  authorized  by  it  in  this  
behalf  any  amount  not  exceeding Rs. ______________ (amount of E.M.D.), 
(Rupees ____________________ _________________ (in words) to the said Gujarat 
Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd. on behalf of the Tenderer. 
 
We ___________________________ (name of the Bank) also agree that withdrawal 
of the Tender or part thereof by the Tenderer within its validity or Non-submission of 
Security Deposit by the Tenderer within one month from the date tender or a part 
thereof has been accepted by the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd. would constitute a 
default on the part of the Tenderer and that this Bank Guarantee is liable to be invoked 
and encashed within its validity by the Beneficiary in case of any occurrence of a 
default on  the part of the Tenderer and that the encashed amount is liable to be 
forfeited by the Beneficiary. 
 
This agreement shall be valid and binding on this Bank up to and inclusive of 
____________________ (mention here the date of validity of Guarantee) and shall not 
be terminable by notice or by Guarantor change in the constitution of the Bank or the 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 39 of 71 

 

firm of Tenderer Or by any reason whatsoever and our liability hereunder shall not be 
impaired or discharged by any extension of time or variations or alternations made, 
given, conceded with or without our knowledge or consent by or between the Tenderer 
and the  GUVNL. 

 

“Notwithstanding anything contrary contained in any law for the time being in 
force or banking practice, this Guarantee shall not be assignable, transferable by 
the beneficiary (i.e. GUVNL or Subsidiaries).  Notice or invocation by any person 
such as assignee, transferee or agent of beneficiary shall not be entertained by 
the Bank. Any invocation of the Guarantee can be made only by the beneficiary 
directly.” 
 
NOTWITHSTANDING anything contained hereinbefore, our liability under this 
guarantee is restricted to Rs. __________ (Amt. of E.M.D.) (Rupees 
____________________________________) (in words). Our Guarantee shall remain 
in force till _________ (Date of validity of the Guarantee). Unless demands or claims 
under this Bank Guarantee are made to us in writing on or before _______ (Date of 
validity of the Guarantee), all rights of Beneficiary under this Bank Guarantee shall 
be forfeited and we shall be released and discharged from all liabilities there under: 
 
Place: 
 
Date: 
 

Please Mention here Complete Postal 
Address of the Bank with Branch Code, 

Telephone and Fax Nos. 

Signature of the Bank‟s 
Authorised Signatory with 

Official Round Seal. 
 
NAME OF DESIGNATED BANKS: 
 
1. All Nationalized Banks including Public Sector Banks like IDBI Bank Ltd.etc. 
 
2. Private Sector Banks authorized by RBI to undertake the state Government 

business, which are (i) Axis Bank  (ii) ICICI Bank (iii) HDFC Bank  
 
Note: The Banks shall be the Banks recognized / notified by the Finance Department, 

Government of Gujarat (GoG) from time to time. 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 40 of 71 

 

Annexure B:  Security Deposit for contract period 
ON STAMP PAPER OF RS.100/- 

FORM OF BANKER‟S UNDERTAKING 

[For Performance Guarantees (PG) for supply period as per Commercial Terms and Conditions of Tender] 

We, Bank of ___________________________________ hereby agree unequivocally 
and unconditionally to pay immediately on demand in writing from the Gujarat Urja 
Vikas Nigam Ltd. or any Officer authorized by it in this behalf any amount up  to  and  
not  exceeding Rs. ____________ (in words) Rupees 
__________________________ to the said  Gujarat  Urja  Vikas  Nigam   Limited   
on   behalf   of   M/s. ________________________ _____________________ who 
have entered into a contract for the supply/works specified below: 

 
L.O.A. No.__________________________dated_________. 

 
This agreement shall be valid and binding on this Bank upto and inclusive of 
______________ and shall not be terminable by notice or by change in the 
constitution of the Bank or the firm of Contractors / Suppliers or by any other reasons 
whatsoever and our liability hereunder shall not be impaired or discharged by any 
extension of time or variations or alterations made, given conceded or agreed, with or 
without our knowledge or consent, by or between parties to the said within written 
contract. 

 
“Notwithstanding anything contrary contained in any law for the time being in 
force or banking practice, this Guarantee shall not be assignable, transferable 
by the beneficiary (i.e. GUVNL or Subsidiaries). Notice or invocation by any 
person such as assignee, transferee or agent of beneficiary shall not be 
entertained by the Bank.  Any invocation of the Guarantee can be made only by 
the beneficiary directly.” 

 
“NOTWITHSTANDING” anything contained herein before, our liability under this 
guarantee is restricted to Rs. ___________ (Rupees _______________ 
___________________ only). Our guarantee shall remain in force until 
____________________ (Date of validity of the Guarantee). Unless demands or 
claims under this Bank Guarantee are made to us in writing on or before _______   
(Date of validity of the Guarantee), all rights of Beneficiary under this Bank 
Guarantee shall be forfeited and we shall be released and discharged from all 
liabilities there under: 
 
Place:     
Date:    

Please Mention here Complete Postal 
Address of the Bank with Branch 
Code, Telephone and Fax Nos. 

Signature of the  
Bank‟s Authorised Signatory  
with  Official Round Seal. 

 
 
 
NAME OF DESIGNATED BANKS: 
 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 41 of 71 

 

1. All Nationalized Banks including Public Sector Banks IDBI Bank Ltd. 
 
2. Private Sector Banks authorized by RBI to undertake the state Government 

business, which are (i) Axis Bank  (ii) ICICI Bank (iii) HDFC Bank  
 
Note: The banks shall be the Banks recognized / notified by the Finance 

Department, Government of Gujarat (GoG) from time to time. 
  



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 42 of 71 

 

(On stamp paper of Rs. 100/- duly Notarized) 

CONTRACT AGREEMENT 
 
 

 This agreement is made at Vadodara the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  

day of  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _  _ _ _ _ in the Christian year Two 

thousand _______ between _ _ _ _ _ _(herein after referred to as "THE 

CONTRACTOR " which expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant 

to the contract include its successors or permitted assigns) of the one part 

and the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited their Head Office at Sardar 

Patel Vidyut Bhavan, Race Course, Vadodara -390 007 (hereinafter called 

The Company which expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant to 

the context include its successors or assigns) of the other part. 

 

WHEREAS  the aforesaid GUVNL has accepted the tender of 

the aforesaid contract for _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _  _ _ _ _ _ _as  

per GUVNL LOI / LOA  _  _ _ _ _ _  _ __ _ _ _ -_ _  _ __hereinafter called 

"the works" and more particularly described enumerated or referred to in 

the specification terms and conditions prescribed in the LOI / LOA letter, 

covering letter and other letters and schedule of price which for the 

purpose of identification have been signed by Shri_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

_ _ on behalf of the contractors and by_ _  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ on behalf of 

GUVNL a list whereof is made out in the schedule hereunder written and 

all of which said document are deemed to form part of this contract and 

included in the expression "the works" wherever herein used, upon the 

terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter mentioned. 

  

AND WHEREAS GUVNL has accepted the tender of the contractor 

for the said works for the sum of Rs._ _ _ _ _ _  (Rupees:_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 43 of 71 

 

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _) upon the terms and subject to the conditions herein 

mentioned. 

 

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES AND IT IS HERBY AGREED 

AND DECLARED THAT:- 

 

1. The contractors shall do and perform all works and things in this 

contract mentioned and described or which are implied therein or 

therefrom receptivity or are reasonably necessary for the 

completion of the works as mentioned and at the times, in the 

manner and subject to the terms, conditions and stipulations 

contained in this contract, and in consideration of the due provision, 

executions, construction and completion of the works agreed to by 

the contactors as aforesaid, GUVNL doth hereby covenant with the 

contactor to pay all the sums of money as and when they become 

due and payable to the contactor under the provisions of the 

contract. Such payments to be made at such times and in such 

manner as is provided by the contract. 

2. The condition and covenants stipulated herein before in this 

contract are subject to and without prejudice to the rights of GUVNL 

to enforce penalty for delays and / or any other rights whatsoever 

including the rights to reject and cancel on default or breach by the 

contractors of the conditions and the covenants as stipulated in the 

general conditions, specifications, form, or tender schedule, 

drawing, etc, attached with GUVNL LOI/ LOA No. _ _ _ _ _ _ _  _ 

__ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ _ 

 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 44 of 71 

 

 The contact value, extent or supply delivery dates, specifications, 

and other relevant matters may be altered by mutual agreement and if 

so altered shall not be deemed or construed to mean or apply to affect 

or alter other terms and conditions of the contract and the general 

conditions and the contract so altered or revised shall be and shall 

always be deemed to have been subject to and without prejudice to 

said stipulation. 

    SCHEDULE 

 

  List of documents forming part of the contract: 

1.    

2.   

3. 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 

8. 

 

 In witness whereof the parties hereto have set their hands and seals 

this day and month year first above written.  

 

1. Signed, Sealed and delivered by: 

 

 (Signature with Name, Designation & official seal) 

 for and on behalf of M/s. 

In the presence of name, Full address & Signatures. 

 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 45 of 71 

 

i. -------------------------------------- 

 ------------------------------------------------ 

 ------------------------------------------------ 

ii. ------------------------------------------------ 

 ------------------------------------------------ 

 ------------------------------------------------ 

 

 

2. Signed, Sealed and Designation by: 

 

 (Signature with Name, Designation & official seal) 

 

For and on behalf of Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited, Vidyut Bhavan, 

Race couse, VADODARA - 390 007. 

 

i. :--------------------------- 

 --------------------------------- 

 --------------------------------- 

 

ii. --------------------------------- 

 --------------------------------- 

 --------------------------------- 

 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 46 of 71 

 

UNDERTAKING IN REGARD TO STOP DEAL / BANNED FOR 

BUSINESS DEALING / BLACK LIST THEREOF. 

 
Sub: Undertaking in regard to Stop Deal / Banned for Business 
dealing / Black List Thereof. 
Ref: Tender No.:  
 
All bidders will have to furnish the following undertaking duly filled in, 
signed and stamped for each quoted item of the tender along with the 
Technical Bid. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
I / We 

________________________________________________________ 

authorized signatory of M/S 

______________________________________ here by certify that M/S 

__________________________________________ and their proprietor / 

any partner / any directors of the firm is not stop deal and/or banned for 

business dealing and/or black listed by GUVNL and/or their any subsidiary 

company viz. GSECL / GETCO / DGVCL / MGVCL / UGVCL / PGVCL.  

 
 
 

Signature of the Tenderer 
Seal of the Firm 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 47 of 71 

 

Annexure C:  Tender form – Technical Bid 
 

TENDER FORM 
 

GUJARAT URJA VIKAS NIGAM 

LIMITED Sardar Patel VidyutBhavan, 

Race Course, Vadodara – 390 

007. 
 
 

Re: RFP No.   GUVNL / 
COMMERCIAL BID. 
 
 

Sub:  Supply of Wide Area Network Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, NOC & 

Networking Engineers Manpower Services 
  
Having examined the RFP, the receipt of which is hereby duly acknowledged, we, 

the undersigned, offer the same are set out in the RFP Document. 
 

 

We attach hereto the Tender / RFP Technical Response as required by the RFP, 

which constitutes my /  our bid. We undertake, if our Tender / RFP Technical 

Response is accepted,  to  adhere  to  the  implementation  plan  put  forward  in  

the  Tender  /  RFP Technical Response or such adjusted plan as  may 

subsequently be mutually agreed between us and the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam 

Limited or its appointed representatives. 
 

 

If our Tender/RFP Technical Response is accepted, we will obtain a performance 

bank guarantee  in   the   format  given  in  the  Tender  Document  issued  by  a  

scheduled commercial bank in India as notified by GOG GR No 

EMD/10/2018/18/DMO/ dated 16.04.18 or as notified from time to time for a sum 

equivalent to 10% of the contract sum for the due performance of the contract. 
 

We agree to abide by this Tender / RFP Technical Response for a period of SIX 

MONTHS from the date  fixed for Tender opening and it shall remain binding upon 

us with full force and virtue, until within this period a formal contract is prepared and 

executed, this Tender/RFP Technical Response, together with your written 

acceptance thereof in your notification of award, shall constitute a binding contract 

between us and will initiate the formation of a separate contract in respect of 

maintenance and support services after the expiry of the warranty period. 
 

We agree that GUVNL is not bound to accept the lowest or any Tender / RFP 

Technical Response you may receive. We also agree that GUVNL reserve the 

right in absolute sense to reject all or any of the services / products specified in 

the Tender / RFP Technical Response without assigning any reason whatsoever. 

 



 

60275                                                                                                                                                                                   Page 48 of 71 

 

 

It is hereby confirmed that I/We are entitled to act on behalf of our corporation / 

company / firm /  organization and empowered to sign this document as well as 

such other documents which may be required in this connection. 
 

 

Dated this …………………………. Day of 
…………………..2012 
 
 

…………………………………………….……………………
………………………. 

(Signature) 

(In the capacity of) Duly authorized to sign the Tender Response for and on 
behalf of: 
 
 

……………………………………………………………………
………………………… 

……………………………………………………………………
………………………… 
 
 

(Name and address of Bidding 

Company) Seal/Stamp of Tender 
 

 

Witness name: 

…………………………………………… 

Witness address: 

……………………………………….. 

……………………………………………………

……………… 

Witness signature: 

……………….……………………. 
 

 

Attachments: 

 Tender/ RFP Technical Response 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 49 

 

Annexure D:  

List of Performance Certificate submitted with the Technical Bid 
 
 

DETAILS OF THE EXPERIENCE FOR SUPPLY OF SIMILAR TYPE OF ITEMS IN LAST 
FIVE YEARS FROM THE DUE DATE OF TENDER: 

 

S
r. 
N
o 

SERVICES 
SUPPLIED 
TO 

ORDER 
REFERENCE 
No. & DATE ITEMS QUANTITY 

ORDER 
FULLY 
EXECUTED. 

YES/NO 

STATUS, IF 
ORDER 
UNDER 
EXECUTION REMARKS 

 
 

 

 

 

 

A GUJARAT  URJA VIKAS NIGAM LTD or  its Subsidiaries : 
 

1)        
 

2)        
 

3)        
 

4)        
 

        
 

B OTHER STATE ELECTRICITY BOARDS:    
 

1)        
 

2)        
 

3)        
 

4)        
 

        
 

C PRIVATE FIRMS:      
 

1)        
 

2)        
 

3)        
 

4)        
 

5)        
 

 



 

Page 50 

 

DETAILS OF THE FIRM 

                 (TO BE SUBMITTED WITHTENDER FORMAT ONLY) 

These details are necessary to create the database of Contractors 

 Contractor Name     
       

 Works/factory at     
      

 Within Gujarat / Outside Gujarat    
      

 Pvt. Firm / Public Ltd. / State Govt.    
 Under taking / Central Govt. (Indicate the relevant status)  

 undertaking     
 Contractor Category  Manufacturer/Authorized  

    dealer/distributor/Trader/Agent  

 GST NO    
       

 NEFT/RTGS details     

 ISO Certification Details     

 Name of ISO Certification Agency    

 Validity Period of ISO Certification 
From Date___________ to 
Date___________  

       

 Address of  Registered Factory / Authorized Representative  

   Office Works (As per cond. no.:40 above)  
 Contact person name      
       

 Designation      
       

 Address      

 City & Pin code      

 State      
       

 Country      
       

 Phone Nos.(Office)      
       

 Phone Nos.(Residence)      

 Fax Nos.      
       

 STD Code.      

 Mobile No.      

 Web site address      

 Email-id      

 Specimen signature      
       



 

Page 51 

 

  Annexure E:  Checklist 
 

The bidder shall confirm whether following are submitted in their bid. The bidder 

shall indicate the page no. at which the details asked below are furnished, 

otherwise, bid is liable for rejection. 

Vendor must fill up below details & should place at the top of the 

Technical Bid. 
 

Sr. 
No. 

DETAILS Submitted 
(Yes/No) 

Page No. 
at which 
details 

1 Technical bid.   

2 Bid in English, Sealed and Super scribed.   
3 EMD Submitted with Technical Bid-EMD cover 

kept as separate enclosure. 
  

 Annexure A-Earnest money deposit  
 

  

 Annexure B-Performance bank 
Guarantee  
 

  

 Annexure C –Tender Form(Technical 
Bid) 
. 

  

 Annexure D – List of performance 
certificate submitted with the Technical 
bid. 
 

  

5 Whether the Bid is authenticated by authorized 
person 

  

6 All the pages are numbered properly   

7 All pages are authenticated by sign and 
seal(Full signature to be affixed and not 
initials).Erasures/  
Overwriting/Cutting/Corrections 
authenticated Certification/Undertaking is 
authenticated. 

  

8 Whether the documents indicating the 
financial turnover  

  

9 Liquidated damages Terms Agreed: (Specify 
YES / NO.) 

  

10 Delivery Terms Agreed: (Specify YES / NO.)   

11 Validity Of The Offer Agreed: (Specify YES / NO.)   

12 Payment Terms Agreed: (Specify YES / NO.)   
13 Earnest Money Deposit Terms Agreed (YES/NO)   
14 Performance Guarantee Terms Agreed (YES/NO.)   

 



 

Page 52 

 

4.6 Schedule – A (Technical Bid) 

 

Wide Area Network Hardware Equipment AMC, Warranty, NOC & Networking Engineers 
Manpower Services 

Sr. 
No. 

Item  Description Tender 
Quantity 
(In Nos) 

Offered 
Quantity(In 

Nos.) 

Remarks(if 
Any) 

1 

Warranty 
for WAN 

Hardware 
Equipments 

CISCO 7206  Router 2 
  

CISCO 3825  Router  34 
  

CISCO 2821 Router 152 
  

CISCO 1841 Router 504 
  

Hwic-1T Card 51 
  

Wic-4T Card 288 
  

Wic-1T Card 558 
  

G.703 2W Modem 498 
  

V.35 2W Modem 434 
  

RAD Interface  Convertor 840 
  

CISCO L2 2960G Switch 3 
  

CISCO L2 2960 Switch 3 
  

NM 4T Card  4 
  

CAB-SS-V35MT Smart Cable 572 
  

V.35 DTE Smart Serial Cable 930 
  

WIC-2T-2 Port WAN Inter  Module 49 
  

Easy Config 25 
  

42U Rack with selves & Items 45 
  

12U Rack with selves & Items 481 
  

CISCO SG-300 Switch 9 

  

CISCO 3750 Switch 1 

  

CISCO 1941    Router 51 

  

CISCO 3925   Router 2   

Warranty for WAN Hardware Equipments 5536   

2 
 
 

AMC of Data Circuit, Liaison with Lease 

Line Service provider,  WAN Equipments 

maintenances and  Logistics, Deployment 

of Network Engineer Manpower at NOC 

and at DISCOM/GETCO  Locations, NOC 

802  Data 
Circuits  

 

46 
Manpower 

 

 



 

Page 53 

 

Setup at GUVNL 

Bidder has to quote for full quantity for all the above items, in absence of that, the bids 

will not be considered for further evaluation. No further correspondence will be 

entertained in any case.



 

Page 54 

 

 

 Schedule – B (Price Bid) 

 

Sr. 

No. 

Item 

Item Description Unit 
Tender 

Qty. In 

nos. 

END 

Cost  

without 

GST in 

Rs. 

GST 
End 

Cost   

with 

GST  in 

Rs. 
In 

% 

in 

Rs. 

1 

Warranty for WAN 
Hardware Equipments   
 

Nos. 

Nos. 5536 

    

2 
 
 

AMC of Data Circuit, 
Liaison with Lease 
Line Service provider,  
WAN Equipments 
maintenances and  
Logistics, Deployment 
of Network Engineer 
Manpower at NOC and  
at DISCOM/GETCO  
Locations, NOC Setup 
at GUVNL 

 

Nos. 

802 

Data 

Circuit

s 

    

Nos. 

46 

Man 

power 

 
REMARKS:  
 
I/We agree to supply the above mentioned services above at the rates here in 
tendered by me / us subject to the condition of Tender and supply of the Tender 
inquiry which I/ We have carefully read and which I /We have thoroughly 
understood and to which  I/we agree. 
 
I / We here by agree to keep this offer open for 120 Days from the opening date of 
Price Bid and shall be bound by communication of acceptance dispatched within 
the prescribed time. 
 
 
 
 
 
 DATE :           Yours Faith fully 
 

 

(Signature of the Bidder) 

   (With company‟s round seal)  



 

Page 55 

 

Annexure U:  UNDERTAKING 

UNDERTAKING 

 

        (Duly notarized on recent Non-Judicial 
         Stamp Paper value of Rs. 100/-) 
 

This deed of undertaking is executed on _________at Vadodara by M/s. ____________ 
______________ __________ a Company registered under Companies Act, 1956, having 
its registered Office at ___________________________________________ to the 
following effect. 

WHEREAS Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited (hereinafter referred to as „GUVNL‟) a company 

incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having its Head Office / Registered Office at 

Sardar Patel Vidyut Bhavan, Race Course, Vadodara has placed Work Order No. 

_____________ ____________ dated _________ for Wide Area Network Hardware 

Equipment AMC, Warranty,  Network Operating Center-NOC monitoring and control and 

Networking Engineers Manpower Services For NOC, Various locations of GUVNL and its 

subsidiary companies for GUVNL and all its subsidiary companies to M/s_______________. 

 

WHEREAS as per terms of tender, the contractor has to indemnify the „GUVNL‟ to maintain 

Integrity & Confidentiality for data provided by the GUVNL.  We hereby by bind ourselves to 

safeguard the interest of GUVNL, we further indemnify the GUVNL against Integrity & 

Confidentiality of data provided by the GUVNL and if any damages occurred to GUVNL we 

hereby assure that interest of GUVNL will be fully safeguarded and indemnified by us in all 

respect. 

__________________ 
(Authorized Signature) 

Name & Designation 
In the Presence of Signature 
With Name, Designation & 
Address 

 

1. 

 

2. 



 

Page 56 

 

Notary Public 



 

Page 57 

 

 

Annexure-V 

 

Company wise Field Network Engineer Deployment Locations 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

DGVCL 

1.  Valsad O&M Circle  

2.  Bharuch O&M Circle  

3.  SURAT O&M Circle  

4.  Surat City O&M Circle 

 

UGVCL 

1.  Himmatnagar O&M Circle  

2.  Sabarmati O&M Circle  

3.  Mehsana O&M Circle  

4.  Palanpur O&M Circle 

   

GETCO 

1.  NAVSARI Trans. Circle 

2.  JAMBUVA Trans. CIRCLE 

3.  NADIAD Trans. CIRCLE 

4.  MEHSANA Trans. CIRCLE 

5.  GONDAL Trans. CIRCLE 

6.  ANJAR Trans. CIRCLE 

7.  PALANPUR Trans. CIRCLE 

8.  AMRELI Trans, CIRCLE 

9.  BHARUCH Trans. CIRCLE 

10.  JUNAGADH Trans CIRCLE 

11.  Surendranagar Trans. Circle 

12.  Himatnagar Trans Circle 

13.  Jamnagar Trans Circle 

  

PGVCL 

1.  Amreli O&M Circle 

2.  Surendranagar O&M  Circle 

3.  Junagadh O&M Circle 

4.  Jamnagar O&M Circle 

5.  RAJKOT O&M O&M Circle 

6.  Porbandar O&M Circle 

7.  Bhavnagar O&M Circle 

8.  Rajkot City O&M Circle 

9.  Bhuj O&M Circle 

10.  Morbi O&M Circle 

11.  Botad O&M Circle 

12.  Anjar O&M Circle 

MGVCL 

1.  Baroda City O&M  Circle 

2.  Godhra O&M O&M Circle  

3.  Baroda O&M O&M Circle  

4.  Anand O&M O&M Circle  

5.  Nadiad O&M O&M  Circle 

GUVNL 

1 At GUVNL Building for 
LAN/WAN 



 

Page 58 

 

 

Annexure-W 

 

GUVNL End Cost Purchase Price of WAN Hardware Equipments 

 

WAN Equipment Unit Price for Penalty Purpose 

1 2 3 4 

ITEM Description Quantity 
Unit 

Price (In 
Rs.) 

Yearly 
Charge 
(In Rs.) 

for 
Penalty 
Purpose 
per Unit 

CISCO 7206 Router 2 3515577 333980 

CISCO 3925 Router 2 258628 24570 

CISCO 3825 Router 34 311066 29551 

CISCO 2821 Router 152 152719 14508 

CISCO 1941 Router 51 64521 6129 

CISCO 1841 Router 504 51524 4895 

ASMi-52 WITH E1 2W Modem 498 21599 2052 

ASMi-52 WITH V.35 2W Modem 434 21599 2052 

RAD E1 Interface Converter 840 12689 1205 

WIC-4T Card 288 113568 10789 

WIC-1T Card 558 14352 1363 

NM-4T Card 4 162378 15426 

HWIC-1T Card 51 7000 665 

CAB-SS-V35MT Smart Cable 572 3255 309 

EASY CONFIG 25 2408 229 

CISCO L2 2960G Switch 3 85000 8075 

CISCO L2 2960 Switch 3 32000 3040 

V.35 DTE Smart Serial Cable 930 3536 336 

CISCO SG-300 Switch 9 9500 999 

CISCO 3750 Switch 1 252651 26579 

WIC-2T - 2 Port WAN Interface Module 49 17500 1663 

42U RACK with Necessary Items and 
Selves 

45 22893 2175 

12U RACK with Necessary Items and 
Selves 

481 5860 557 

 

 



 

Page 59 

 

 

Annexure-X 

 

Wide Area Network Hardware Equipment Technical Specifications 

Item Description Technical Specifications 

CISCO 7206 VXR 

Power Cord Europe 

Cisco 7200 Series NPE G2 IOS IP BASE 

7200 series NPE-G2 engine with 3 GE/FE/E ports 

1 port multichannel STM-1 single mode port adapter 2 Nos, 

Cisco 7200 AC Power Supply Option 

7200 Series NPE-G2 1GB Memory 

Cisco 7200 Compact Flash Disk for NPE-G2, 256 MB 

CISCO 3925 

Cisco 3925 w/SPElOO 

(3GE,4EHWIC,4DSP,2SM,256MBCF,1GBDRAM,IPB ) 

Cisco 3925-3945 IOS UNIVERSAL 

Cisco 7204VXR, 4-slot chassis, 1 AC Supply w/IP Software 

Cisco 7200 Redundant AC Power Supply Option (280W) 

Data License for Cisco 3900 Series 

AC Power Cord (India/South Africa), C13, BS 546, 1.8m 

Cisco config Pro Express on Router Flash w/o default config, Cisco 
3925/3945 AC Power Supply, Cisco 3925/3945 Fan Assembly 

(Bezel included), Cisco Services performance Engine 100 for Cisco 
3925 ISR 

1GB DRAM (512MB+512MB) for Cisco 3925/3945 ISR (Default), 
256MB Compact Flash for Cisco 1900, 2900, 3900 ISR, IP Base 

License for Cisco 3925/3945 

CISCO 3825 

3825 w/AC PWR, 2GE,1SFP, 2NME, 4HWIC, IP Base, 64F/256D 

Power Cord Europe 

Cisco 3825 IP BASE 

4-Port Serial Network Module 

4-Port Serial HWIC 

V.35 Cable, DTE Male to Smart Serial, 10 Feet 

Cisco 3825 AC power supply 

Device manager for routers 

256BM SDRAM default memory for 3800 

64MB Cisco 3800 Compact Flash Memory Default 

CISCO 2821 

2821 w/ AC PWR,2GE,4HWICs,3PVDM,1NME-X,2AIM,IP BASE,64F/256D 

Cisco 2800 IP BASE W/O CRYPTO 

4-Port Serial HWIC 

Power Cord Europe 

V.35 Cable, DTE Male to Smart Serial, 10 Feet 

Cisco 2821/51 AC power supply 

Device manager for routers 

256MB DDR DRAM Memory factory default for the Cisco 2800 



 

Page 60 

 

64MB CF default for Cisco 2800 Series 

 
 

CISCO 1941 

Cisco 1941 w/2 GE 2EHWIC Slots,256MB CF, 

512Mb DRAM, IP Base. 

Cisco 1941I0S Universal 

Data License for Cisco 1900 

1-Port Serial WAN Interface Card 

AC Power Cord (India/South Africa), C13, BS 
546,1.8m, Console Cable 6 ft with USB Type A 
and mini-B 

Cisco config Pro Express on Router Flash w/o 
default config 

CISCO 1841 

Modular Router w/2xFE, 2 WAN slots, 32 FL/128 DR 

Power Cord Europe 

Cisco 1841 IOS IP BASE W/O CRYPTO 

1-Port Serial WAN Interface Card 

V.35 Cable, DTE, Male, 10 Feet 

32MB Cisco 1800 Compact Flash 

Device manager for routers 

ASMi-52A12W/e1B/ETH/SW:2 

ASMI-52A12W/E1B/ETH/SW:2-Wire,Standalone, 
g.SHDSLModems(,n x 64Kbps) 

 up to 2048 KbpsData Rates, BalancedG703Interface, 
Supports both 1 24000 24000 

230VACIi 48VDCPowerInterfaces  

ASMi52A12WN35/ETH/SW 

ASMI-52A12WN35/ETH/SW: 2-Wtre, Standalone, 
g.SHDSLModems, (n x 64Kbps) 

up to 2048 Kbps Data Rates, V.35 Interface, Supports both 
230VACIi 1 24000 24000 

48V DCPower Interfaces 

Easy Config 

EASYCONFIG:MRO-TEKmake Intelligent Hand-Held 
Terminal for configuring 1 2000 2000 

the ASMI-52Modem 

RIC-E1/ACN35 

RAD E1 Converter, 230V AC Power Supply, V.35 Interface 

Model No.: RIC-E1/ACN35 

WIC 4T Card 4 port wan interface card V.35 

WIC 1T Card 1 port 3.35 WAN Interface Card 

NM-4TCard 4 port V.35 interface card 

HWIC-4TC ard High Speed 4 port V.35 WAN  interface card 

CAB-SS-V3sMS V.35 cable Smart Serial 

WIC-2T 2 Port Wan interface V.35 Card 

42U RACK 19" Elixer Equipment rack 

12U RACK 19" Elixer Equipment rack 



 

Page 61 

 

Cisco Catalyst 2960G-24TC-L 

24 Ethernet 10/100/1000 ports,4 of which are dual-purpose 
(10/100/1000 or SFP), 4 dual-purpose ports (10/100/1000 or 
SFP) 

 

Cisco Catalyst 2960-24TC-L 24 Ethernet 10/100 ports, 2 dual-purpose ports 



 

Page 62 

 

Annexure -Y 
GUVNL WAN Layout 

 

 

 



 

Page 63 

 

 

GSECL Network 
 
 



 

Page 64 

 



 

Page 65 

 

GETCO Network 



 

Page 66 

 

 

 



 

Page 67 

 

DGVCL Network 

 



 

Page 68 

 

UGVCL   Network 

 

 

 



 

Page 69 

 

PGVCL Network 

 

 

 

 



 

Page 70 

 

 

MGVCL Network 

 

 



 

Page 71 

 

  


