














































 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 1 of 71 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

RAJASTHAN HIGH COURT 
JODHPUR  

 

 

 

Request for Proposal (RFP) 
 

FOR SCANNING AND DIGITIZATION OF HIGH 

COURT RECORDS 
 
 
 
 

 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur (Rajasthan)  
Phone: 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax: 0291-2546974 

 
Web: http://www.hcraj.nic.in 

Email:  hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

http://www.hcraj.nic.in/
mailto:%20hc-rj@nic.i


 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 71 

 

S.No. Particulars Page No. 

1 Abbreviations & Definitions 2 – 3 

2 Disclaimer 4 

3 Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) 5 

4 Project Overview  6 

5 Scope of Work  7 - 10 

5 Information and instruction to bidders including Eligibility Criteria 11 - 17 

6 Terms and conditions for Tender & Contract 18 - 33 

7 Annexure–A Compliance with the code of integrity and No Conflict of Interest 34 

8 Annexure –B “Declaration regarding Qualification” 35 

9 Annexure –C “Grievance Redressal during procurement process” 36 - 38 

10 Annexure –D “Additional Condition of Contract” 39 

11 Annexure-1 Technical Criteria 40 – 43 

12 Annexure-2 Components Offered & Work Plan 44 

13 Annexure-3 Price BID Performa 45 

14 Annexure-4 Format of the Covering Letter 46 

15 Annexure-5 Tender Form 47 

16 Annexure-6 Proposal Format for Organization 48 - 49 

17 Annexure-7 Bidder’s Authorization Certificate {to be filled by the bidder} 50 

18 Annexure-8: Self Declaration NO BLACKLISTING {to be filled by the bidder} 51 

19 Annexure-9 Certificate of Conformity/ No Deviation {to be filled by the bidder} 52 

20 Annexure-10 Undertaking on Authenticity 53 

21 Annexure-11 Financial Bid Undertaking  {on bidders letterhead in technical bid} 54 

22 Annexure-12 Manufacturer’s Authorization Form(MAF) 55 

23 Annexure-13 Performance Bank Guarantee (PBG) 56 - 58 

24 Annexure-14 Draft Agreement Format 59 - 60 

25 Annexure-15 RTGS Details of Firm 61 

26 
Annexure-16 List of necessary required documents from Bidder for qualifying in 

Technical BID 
62 - 64 

27 Annexure-17 Compliances as to functional specifications for DMS 65 - 71 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 3 of 71 

ABBREVIATIONS & DEFINITIONS 

Authorized 

Signatory 

The bidder’s representative/ officer vested (explicitly, implicitly, or through conduct) with the powers to 

commit the authorizing organization to a binding agreement. Also called signing officer/ authority having 

the Power of Attorney (PoA) from the competent authority of the respective Bidding firm. 

Bidder 
"Bidder" means any firm/ agency/ company/ contractor/ supplier/ vendor responding to Invitation for Bids 

and which is participating in the Bid. Also called offeror or quoter. 

Contract 
“The Contract” means a legally enforceable agreement entered into between Rajasthan High Court and the 

selected bidder(s) with mutual obligations. The Contract / Project Period shall be completion of Warranty & 

Support Services from the date of acceptance of the delivery of the all item of tender by 

Day “Day” means a calendar day as per GoR/ GoI. 

EMD Earnest Money Deposit 

FOR/ FOB Free on Board or Freight on Board 

GoI/ GoR Govt. of India/ Govt. of Rajasthan 

Goods 
“Goods” means a tangible physical product that can be contrasted with a service which is intangible i.e. all 

the products which the bidder is required to supply to Purchaser under the Contract. 

INR Indian Rupee 

ISI Indian Standards Institution 

ISO International Organization for Standardization 

IT Information Technology 

ITB Instruction to Bidders 

LD Liquidated Damages 

LoI Letter of Intent 

ML Manufacturing License 

NIT Notice Inviting Tender 

OEM Manufacturer of Items 

PAN Permanent Account Number 

PC Procurement Committee 

PQ Pre-Qualification 

Project Site “The Project Site”, wherever applicable, means the designated place or places 

PSD/ SD Performance Security Deposit 

Purchaser/ 

Tendering 

Authority 

Person or entity that is a recipient of a good or service provided by a seller (bidder) under a purchase order 

or contract of sale. Also called buyer. RHC in this RFP document. 

RFP 
Request for Proposal (Bidding document), an early stage in procurement process, issuing an invitation for 

suppliers, through a bidding process, to submit a proposal on a specific commodity or service. 

RHC Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 

RISL RajCOMP Info Services Limited 

Services 
“Services” means the services to be delivered by the successful bidder and as intangible equivalent of an 

economic good. 

SLA 

Service Level Agreement is a negotiated agreement between two parties wherein one is the customer and 

the other is the service provider. It is a service contract where the level of service is formally defined. In 

practice, the term SLA is sometimes used to refer to the contracted delivery time (of the service) or 

performance. 

State Government Government of Rajasthan. 

STQC Standardization Testing and Quality Certification, Govt. of India 

TIN Tax Identification Number 

TPA Third Party Inspection Agency 

GSTIN Goods and Services Tax Identification Number 

WO/ PO Work Order/ Purchase Order 
Working Day A Working Day from 10:00 AM to 05:00 PM except Rajasthan Government Holidays. 

Annex. Annexure 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 4 of 71 

 

 

Disclaimer 
 

 The information contained in this Request for Proposal (RFP) document or subsequently 

provided to Applicant(s), whether verbally or in documentary form by or on behalf of the Registrar 

General, Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur, or any of their employees or advisors, is provided to 

Applicant(s) on the terms and conditions set out in this RFP document and any other terms and 

conditions subject to which such information is provided. 

 

 This RFP document is not an agreement and is not an offer or invitation by the Rajasthan 

High Court or its representatives to any other party. The purpose of this RFP document is to provide 

interested parties with information to assist the formulation of their Application and detailed Proposal. 

This RFP document does not purport to contain all the information each Applicant may require. This 

RFP document may not be appropriate for all persons, their employees or advisors to consider the 

investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs of each party who reads or uses this 

RFP document. Certain applicants may have a better knowledge of the proposed Project than others. 

Each applicant should conduct its own investigations and analysis and should check the accuracy, 

reliability and completeness of the information in this RFP document and obtain independent advice 

from appropriate sources. Rajasthan High Court, its employees and advisors make no representation 

or warranty and shall incur no liability under any law, statute, rules or regulations as to the accuracy, 

reliability or completeness of the RFP document. Rajasthan High Court may in its absolute discretion, 

but without being under any obligation to do so, update, amend or supplement the information in this 

RFP document. 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 5 of 71 

RAJASTHAN HIGH COURT, JODHPUR 

NOTICE INVITING TENDER 

No. HC/SK/2017-18/499                      Dated:09.11.2017 

 Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur invites tenders for Scanning/Digitization and Document 

Management system for judicial records having approximately 7,00,00,000 (7 Crore) Pages where 3.5 

crore pages are in Principal Seat at Jodhpur and 3.5 crore pages in Bench at Jaipur. Actual number of 

pages may vary as this is only a tentative calculation.  All details related to this RFP can be viewed and 

downloaded from website: http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in, http://sppp.rajasthan.gov.in  & http://hcraj.nic.in . 

RFP document can also be seen in NIT exhibited on website http://www.dipronline.org. Proposal shall be 

submitted online in electronic format on website: http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in. 

 

Cost of Tender Document (non-refundable) 
(in Favour of Registrar General, Rajasthan 

High Court, Jodhpur) 
Rs. 2000/- (Rupees Two Thousand only) 

e-Tender Processing Fee (non-refundable) 
(in Favour of MD, RISL, Jaipur) 

Rs. 1000/- (Rupees One Thousand only) /-. 

Estimated Project Cost 
Rs. 4,29,05,000/- (Rupees Four Crore Twenty Nine 

Lakh Five Thousand only) 

Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 2% of Project Cost  

Publishing Date/Time 11.11.2017 at 10:00 AM 
RFP Download Start Date/Time 11.11.2017 at 11:00 AM 

Date, Time& Venue of Pre-Bid Meeting 
17.11.2017 at 11:00 AM 

In the chamber of Registrar (Admn.), RHC, Jodhpur 

Bid submission Start Date/Time 11.11.2017 at 12:00 AM 
RFP Download End Date/Time 11.12.2017 at 12:30 PM 
Bid submission End Date/Time 11.12.2017 at 04:30 PM 
Submission of Banker’s Cheque/Demand 
Draft/ Bank Guarantee for Tender Fee, EMD, 
and Processing Fee* 

12.12.2017 at 02:00 PM 

Technical Bid Opening Date/Time 13.12.2017 at 11:30 AM 

Demonstration of proposed solution Will be intimated later to the open the Technically Bid 

Financial Bid Opening Date/Time 
Will be intimated later to the Technically qualified 
bidders 

 

NOTE: (1)  Tender fees for the document downloaded from website and processing fee shall be 

 deposited by the bidders separately as applicable by way of DD/Banker’s cheque as per 

 above before the last date and time prescribed for on line submission of bids.  

 (2) All the prospective bidders who have purchased (who have deposited the draft for 

 proposal fee) RFP documents will be invited to attend the pre-bid/proposal conference. 

 (3)  Bid Validity 180 Days from the last date of bid submission. 

 (4)  In case, any of the bidders fails to physically submit the Banker’s Cheque/Demand Draft 

 for Tender Fee, EMD, and RISL Processing Fee up to 2.00 p.m. on 12.12.2017, its Bid 

 shall not be accepted.  

 (5)  The Banker’s Cheque/Demand Draft/ Bank Guarantee should be drawn in favour of  

 “Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur” payable at “Jodhpur” from any 

 Scheduled Commercial Bank. 
          By Order, 

 

               Registrar (Admn.) 

http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in/
http://sppp.rajasthan.gov.in/


 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 6 of 71 

PROJECT OVERVIEW 
 

The High Court of Rajasthan invites Request for proposal for work of Scanning/Digitization of 

judicial records having approximately 7,00,00,000 (7 Crore) Pages where 3.5 crore pages are in 

Principal Seat at Jodhpur and 3.5 crore pages in Bench at Jaipur. Actual number of pages may vary 

as this is only tentative calculation. The scope of work broadly is as under: 

 
1. Understanding the current scenario of records management at High Court. 

 
2. Conceptualizing solution based on requirements of Rajasthan High Court. 

 
3. Setting up state of art digitization centers at Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur and Bench 

at Jaipur.  
 

4. Digitization activities include: 
 Scanning of Court records including old and fragile papers. 
 Provision of Indexing in dual language i.e. English and Hindi, though in most of the 

cases, it will be required only in English.  
 High court wants to go for ease of use and for this purpose digitized case file 

should be splitted in multiple individual files based on document types and if one 

document type is getting repeated in a case file then each of the instance of a 

document type should be splitted as an individual file e.g. if more than one “order” 

found in a case file then each order should be splitted and stored as an individual 

PDF file.  
 Storage of digitized data in scientific manner. 
 Retrieval of court record in digital form in secure manner. 

 
5. Setting up solution to cater with the requirements and needs of Rajasthan High Court 

while ensuring that is in ready to integrate state with High Court’s public portal, 

Payment gateway, sms servers etc. 
 

6. Application Software & Methodology to be adopted for seamless integration with 
existing work flow based on Case Information System (CIS) Software developed using 

PHP / Postgresql/ ASP.NET / ASP Classic. 
 

7. Proposed solution should be an open source Document Management solution which is 
developed using above mentioned stack and its source code should be available on open 

internet for download and customization by anyone without any kind of restriction. 

Source code of base platform of proposed DMS should not be owned or controlled by 

any individual profit making organization. It should be strictly managed by a 

community and not for profit organization. 
 

8. Imparting training to High Court Staff on Scanning, Indexing, Storing, Archiving, 
Retrieval and Printing process and working with software. 
 

9. Providing support and backup for technical and operational process, after 
completion of project for a period of 2 years. 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 7 of 71 

SCOPE OF WORK 

The High Court of Rajasthan requires bidder to perform Scanning/Digitization of records and provide 

purely open source document management system for storing judicial records having approximately 

7,00,00,000 (7 Crore) Pages where 3.5 crore pages are in Principal Seat at Jodhpur and 3.5 crore pages in 

Bench at Jaipur. Actual number of pages may vary as this is only tentative  calculation. 

 Bidder should be able to scan and digitize the entire record within one year time duration with 

commitment of minimum pages each day, as may be mutually agreed in the space to be made 

available to such concern for the purpose of scanning / digitization. 

 Batch Processing, Archiving (Scanning and storing into image / digital form) and Retrieval. The 

papers to be scanned will be mostly of Legal size and printed/typed/handwritten on one side. 

Papers may be of other sizes and printed/typed/handwritten on both sides as well. The condition 

of some of the case-records may not be very good being old. The bidder shall come up with 

technical solution for scanning / digitization of brittle records as well. 

 Bidders need to shadow processes related with records required to be digitized at High court for 

understanding business requirements. This include study of record rooms, processes, resources 

available for project, key pain areas etc.  

Setting up state of art digitization centers at Principal Seat of High Court of Rajasthan at 

Jodhpur and Bench at Jaipur.  

1. Based on the approved solution, bidder will be required to develop state of art digitization center 

at Jodhpur and Jaipur. Rajasthan High court will only provide physical space with electricity 

supply to the bidder. Electricity fittings, if required, would be done by the bidder.  

2. The bidder will arrange its own infrastructure including computers, scanners, servers, SAN 

storage, other peripherals, table, chairs, file racks etc. as per requirement. The bidder will also 

have on its own, the required LAN work for the purpose, however, already available LAN at the 

specified place, if any, may be used by the Bidder with prior approval of Rajasthan High Court. 

The bidder will also require to arrange necessary power backup including DG Set, if required. Air 

Conditioning of the space provided by High Court will be done by the Bidder, though in some 

part of the space, Air Conditioning is already available.   

3. The bidder should have its own sufficient infrastructure and qualified professionals. On the 

completion of work, the bidder will take back the infrastructure set up by him except the server 

and SAN Storage. However, the High Court may also retain the infrastructure on mutually 

acceptable terms and conditions.  

4. At Jodhpur, the records are kept at three places viz., two in the premises of existing building of 

Rajasthan High Court and one at C-19, Police Line, Ratanada, Jodhpur. The work of digitization 

of records at Jodhpur would start from the records kept at Ratanada where 550 sq. feet space 

would be made available. Almost 72 Lakh papers are kept at this place. After completion of this 

work, the scanning of remaining record will be done either at the place at Ratanada or in the 

premises of existing building of Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur or New Building of Rajasthan 

High Court, Jodhpur.  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 8 of 71 

5. At Jaipur, the records are kept in the premises of Rajasthan High Court. In the same premises, 

approx. 5300 Sq. Feet area would be provided where the entire task would be accomplished.  

6. Bidders are free to inspect the place where scanning work is to be done.  

Following is indicative list of Digitization activities to be included in bidder’s scope 

1. Receiving and managing records: Bidder to have solid methodology for ensuring smooth and 

secured exchange of physical records for digitization purpose and maintaining its inventory.  

2. It would be sole responsibility of the bidder to ensure that originality of records should not get 

impacted by putting any mark or sticker on top of its pages or through any other means.  

3. The files will be given to the vendor in the condition in which they are. The bidder will be 

required to prepare the case files for scanning/digitization after cleaning, removal of tags, pins, 

dust etc.  

4. Trimming, tearing or cutting of the case files/pages will not be permitted. 

5. Scanning of old and fragile records: Scanning has to be performed at 300 dpi minimum and to be 

increased in case if records are not legible. Selection of black and white / gray and color mode to 

be determined on the basis of condition of pages. More fine tuning in this regard will be done 

during solution conceptualization stage. 

6. Image enhancement: Bidder to ensure enhanced image quality of digitized images for purpose of 

better reading and re production purpose.  

7. Indexing or Meta Data in dual language i.e. English and Hindi: Indexing or Meta data of records 

to be performed on 30 – 40 parameters, in English in most of the cases but in some cases it may 

be required in both English and Hindi languages. Following are few indexing criteria, however 

there can be addition in number of fields in final list during solution finalization stage-  

 Case Type, Case Number, Case Year  
 First Party Name(s) 
 Second Party Name(s)  
 First Party Advocate Name(s)  
 Second Party Advocate Name(s) 
 District Name  
 Disposed or Pending  
 If pending – Stage of Case & Next date  
 If Disposed – Nature of Disposal and disposal date  
 Bench – SB/DB/LB  
 Hon’ble Judge(s) Name  
 Act and Section  
 Classification Code and other details  
 Keyword, if any.  
 FIR/Crime Details – Number, Year, Act/Section, Police Station, District  
 Trial Court Details – Court Name, Place, District, PO Name, Case Type, Case Number, Case 

Year, Order/judgment date  
 Appellate/Revisional Court Details - Court Name, Place, District, PO Name, Case Type, Case 

Number, Case Year, Order/judgment date 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 9 of 71 

8. Case file splitting as per Document Types: High court wants to go for ease of use and for this 

purpose digitized case file should be splitted in multiple individual PDF/A files based on 

document types and if one document type is getting repeated in a case file then each of the 

instance of a document type should be splitted as an individual file e.g. if more than one “order” 

found in a case file then each order should be splitted and stored as an individual PDF/A file. 

High Court expects more than 20 document types which can exist in a case file. Exact count of 

document types to be determined during solution finalization stage. Bidder is free to inspect case 

files for determining document types. 

9. Generation of OCRed PDF/A files on the basis of document types. The PDF/A is required to 
comply with the following specifications- 
 PDF/A format is required to be ISO 9005-1:2005 or later;  
 The compressed PDF files created for viewing are requested to be 50-80% compressed as 

compared to standard CCITTG4/JPEG compression (in TIFF/ JPEG/ PDF file format) for 

Mono/Color/Grey scale images retaining searchability, clarity of image and print quality. It is 

also required to be a liberalized PDF{as defined by PDF reference manual(ISO 3200-1:2008)} 

to ensure faster web viewing. Searchable PDF/A shall be created in one single step by 

processing the input image file(s) thus ensuring that no intermediate manipulation of the 

contents is possible; 
 The PDF/A files are required to be capable of being digitally signed using an open source 

Digital Signature Software without requiring any proprietary/commercial software;  
 The PDF/A output is required to be capable of being water marked with the image approved by 

the High Court; and 
 All the transactions are required to be encrypted and protected using only open source 

software. The encryption policy and algorithm shall be decided by the High Court in 

consultation with the successful bidder. 
 

10. Setting up solution to cater the requirements and needs of Rajasthan High Court while ensuring 

that it is in ready to integrate state with High Court’s public portal, Payment gateway, sms servers 

etc. 

11. After completion of scanning work, the case file will be moved to authorized checker of the 

Bidder who will verify the PDF and the entries in the fields and would correct the entries, if 

required. He will ensure that all the pages of file have been completely scanned and no content is 

missing. It will also be ensured that the contents are clearly readable and legible. After the case 

files are verified by Checker of Bidder, he would log out and the file will be sent for verification 

by the High Court user.  

12. Quality control by the High Court user would be done after completion of case file verification by 

checker of Bidder. At this stage, High Court user will verify the case files scanned in the PDF 

format and the entries contained therein. If the verification is successful, watermark, bookmark 

and annotations, as per requirement would be inserted in the scanned document and the document 

would be digitally signed. 

13. Application Software & Methodology is to be adopted for seamless integration with existing work 

flow based on Case Information System (CIS) Software developed using PHP / Postgresql/ 

ASP.NET / ASP Classic. 

14. Proposed solution should be an open source Document Management solution which is developed 
using above mentioned stack and its source code should be available on open internet for 

download and customization by anyone without any kind of restriction. Source code of base 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 10 of 71 

platform of proposed DMS should not be owned or controlled by any individual profit making 

organization. It should be strictly managed by a community and not for profit organization. 
 

15. Imparting training to High Court Staff on Scanning, Indexing, Storing, Archiving, Retrieval and 
Printing process and working with software. 

 

16. Conceptualizing solution based on requirements of High Court.  
 

17. Based on study made by the bidder, above mentioned guidelines and solution proposed against 

RFP’s requirements, bidder will conceptualize the solution and present the same to Rajasthan 

High Court for approval. Proposed solution will be on turnkey basis i.e. Approach and method of 

digitization services, Document Management system and required infrastructure for performing 

digitization services and hosting solution. 

    Help Desk Setup:  
 

 Throughout the process of digitization and scanning work, the bidder will set up a help desk in the 

premises of Rajasthan High Court Jodhpur and Jaipur to sort out day to working problems and to help 

out the staff of bidder and also the High Court staff engaged in the work. Whenever any user including 

High Court users notices any defect in his / her items, the help desk will sort out the problem and 

ensure that work is not hampered.   

 

 Work Schedule:  
 
 The Bidder shall ensure that all the required work of SCANNING AND  DIGITIZATION IS 

COMPLETED as per the schedule.  

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 11 of 71 

Information and Instructions to the Bidders 
 
1. Eligibility Criteria:  

The RFPs shall qualify based on the following eligibility criteria-  

S. 

No. 

SPECIFICATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED 

1 Bidder should be a Registered 

Company in India under Indian 

Companies Act, 1956 or The 

Partnership Act,1932 or Proprietor 

firm since last 7 (Seven ) years. 

 

i) i)   Copy of Certificate of Incorporation  

ii) ii) List of Directors as per Memorandum of  Association / 
Articles of Association in case of registered company  

iii) Copy of the partnership deed in case of partnership  

   firm 

iv) Copy of registration of firm in case of Proprietorship 

firm. (Constitution of the firm, if the tenderer is not a 

sole proprietary concern) 

v) Copy of the shareholding pattern of the 

firm/company/sole proprietorship firm/partnership firm 

giving names of all Directors / Proprietors / Partners of 

the firm. 

 

2 The Bidder should have a registered 

number of  

i. GISTIN/Sales Tax/GST where his 

business is located 

ii Service Tax 

iii. Income Tax / PAN / TIN number 

- Copies of relevant registration certificates 

- Valid GISTIN clearance certificate upto date from 

   the CTO of the circle concerned / PAN No 

3 Bidding firm / organization should 

possess a valid ISO 9001/ISO 27001 

certification 

Bidder to attach necessary documents 

4 The Bidder or its sister / parent / 

group organization should not have 

been blacklisted by any State / 

Central Government, any Public 

sector undertaking, Corporation, or 

any other Autonomous organization  

of Central or State Government at 

present or during anytime in past.. 

Bidder to submit an affidavit on stamp paper in this regard 

that it is in compliance with the clause. 

5 Bidder should be a profit making 

firm with positive net worth and 

shall have an Average Annual 

Turnover of at least Rs. 15 Crore per 

year in the last four Audited 

Financial years. 

 

Relevant pages of Audited Balance sheet & Profit loss 

account for the last three financial years 

Or 

Certificate to this effect showing profit and  turnover issued 

by Company’s statutory Auditors (Chartered Accountant) 

6 The Bidder must be a profit making 

company in each of the last three 

financial years ending 31st March 

2017 as evidenced by the audited 

accounts of the company 

Relevant pages of Audited Balance sheet & Profit loss 

account for the last three financial years 

Or 

Certificate to this effect showing profit and  turnover issued 

by Company’s statutory Auditors (Chartered Accountant) 

7 The Bidder should have a positive 

net worth for the last three financial 

years ending 31st March 2017 as 

evidenced by the audited accounts 

of the company. Net worth is 

Audited financial statement or C.A. certificate 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 12 of 71 

defined as sum of shareholders 

capital and Reserves & Surplus 

 

8 DMS experience credentials: 

i) Bidder / Authorized service 
provider should have 

experience of deploying 

proposed version of DMS in 

Indian Judiciary  

ii) Bidder / Authorized Service 
provider should have 

experience of deploying latest 

version of proposed DMS in 

Central / State Govt. / PSU / 

Educational Institute having at 

least 2 crore pages stored in it 

on open internet for access of 

unlimited users.  

 

Relevant documents satisfying requirement should be 

submitted 

 

 

Documents satisfying given requirement along with internet 

URL of DMS instance to be shared. Rajasthan High Court 

may like to assess the performance of deployed solution 

independently. 

9 The Bidder must have done  

digitization and Scanning work in at 

least 5 Indian Govt. Organizations 

and having into this business for last 

5 years in India 

Relevant documents 

10 The Bidder should have experience 

working in Central/ State/ any Govt. 

Organization and having experience 

of implementing software in at least  

5 separate Govt. Accounts  

 

Purchase Orders 

11 OEM of proposed software or one of 

the core development partner of 

proposed solution should be CMMI 

Level 5 

Necessary documents to be produced 

12 Proposed solution should be an open 

source Document Management 

solution which is developed using 

above mentioned stack and its 

source code should be available on 

open internet for download and 

customization by anyone without 

any kind of restriction. Source code 

of base platform of proposed DMS 

should not be owned or controlled 

by any individual profit making 

organization. It should be strictly 

managed by a community and not 

for profit organization. 

 

DMS should be platform 

independent. It should be 

compatible with cross platforms. 

Bidder needs to ensure that 

proposed solution runs successfully 

Necessary documents to be produced 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 13 of 71 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2. Evaluation Criteria:-  

(A) Technical Evaluation 

S. No. Criteria Level Score 
Maximum 

Score 

1 Experience of the firm ≥ 3 Years and <6 Years 5 10 

 ≥ 6 Years 10 

2 Web Applications running for at 

least 4000 users 

4000 5 10 

 More than 4000 10 

3 Average Turnover in last three 

Years 

Rs 15 Cr to <=Rs. 25 

Crore 

5 10 

≥ Rs. 25 Crore 10 

4 Professional Staff on the payroll 

of the company 

30 to 50 5 10 

 50 and above 10 

5 Number of  Government clients 10 to 20 5 10 

  20 and above 10 

6 Scanning Solutions on Linux and 

Windows  

Linux 5 10 

 Linux & Windows 10  

7 Experience in building and 

handling similar application 

1 to 2 client 5 10 

 More than 2 10 

8 Demo & Presentation of 

Proposed applications  

 30 

 

30 

 Total  100 100 

 

on Linux and Windows Servers. 

Bidder need to produce references 

of customers in Central / State / 

PSUs / Educational sector where 

proposed solution is running. 

13 Bidder should be an authorized 

service provider for proposed 

application in India since last three 

years or should have support letter 

from authorized service provider for 

ensuring assured support for 

application. 

 

14 Bidder should have executed  

software development work at least  

INR 1 crore from Govt. / PSU / 

State / Central etc. in last 2 years. 

 

 

 

 

 

15 Bidder should be empanelled in any 

Govt. Agency in India for IT 

services  

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 14 of 71 

(B) Overall Evaluation Methodology and Award Criteria 

1. The tender shall be awarded on Quality cum Cost Based System (QCBS) selection 

Basis. Under this method, the selection would be based on both the quality of the 

technical bid and the costs shown in their commercial bid. This method will have 

following features: 

a. A minimum of technical score of 70% is required for technical qualification and 

further evaluation in commercial bid.  

b. A weightage of 60% for technical score and 40% for commercial bid will be given 

during overall bid evaluation. 

c. The bidders would be ranked in accordance with the Evaluated Bid Score.  The 

highest Evaluated Bid Score bidder will be eligible for receiving the work order. 

d. It must be noted that these terms can result in bidder with highest commercial quote 

winning the bid.  

2.  The High Court of Rajasthan will take into account technical factors, in addition to the 

cost factors.  An Evaluated Bid Score (B) will be calculated for each responsive bid 

using the following formula for comprehensive assessment of the bid price and the 

technical merits of each bid:  

0.6*T    0.4100
low

+
C

C
B 








  

    where  

C =   Evaluated Bid Price 

C low       =   the lowest of all Evaluated Bid Prices among responsive bids 

T         =   the total Technical Score awarded to the bid weight for   

       the Price will be 0.4 and technical score will be 0.6 

3. The bidder with the highest Evaluated Bid Score (B) among responsive bidders shall be 

termed the Successful Bidder. Upon the successful bidder's furnishing of performance 

bank guarantee/DD/Cash/Banker cheque, HIGH COURT OF RAJASTHAN will notify 

each unsuccessful bidder and return their Bid Security as per Rules. 

4. HIGH COURT OF RAJASTHAN reserves the right to accept or reject any bid, and to 

annul the tendering process and reject all bids at any time prior to award of agreement, 

without thereby incurring any liability to the affected bidder or bidders or any 

obligation to inform the affected bidder or bidders of the grounds for Committee action. 

5. In case of a tie where two or more bidders achieve the same highest Evaluated Bid Score 

(B), both the bidders will be invited for discussions and negotiations for issuance of 

letter of intent. 

3. Declarations:   



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 15 of 71 

 Every bidder is supposed to submit a declaration in following annexures:- 
 Annexure A:- Compliance with the Code of Integrity and no Conflict of Interest.  
 Annexure B:- Declaration by the bidder regarding qualifications.  
 Annexure C:- Grievance Redressal during procurement process 
 Annexure D:- Additional Condition of Contract” 
 

4. The bidder to inform himself fully:   
The bidder shall be deemed to have been fully satisfied himself as to the scope of the task as 
well as all the conditions and circumstances affecting implementing of the Project. Should 
he find any discrepancy in the RFP document including terms of reference, he should submit 
his issue/question in writing at least a week before Pre-Bid Conference.  

 

5. Pre-Bid/Proposal Conference:   
(a) All pre BID queries have to be submitted in writing to Registrar General, Rajasthan High 

Court, Jodhpur on or before by in the format given below on the letter head of the 
company. 

S.No. Page No 
Clause / 

Point No. 

Subject 
Clarification 

Sought 

Remarks 
(if any) 

     

(b) Only two people (OEM / System Integrator/Project Manager) will be allowed to attend 
the Pre-bid meeting. Interested tenderer may choose to attend pre-bid meeting at their 
own cost. 

(c) No queries will be entertained after this allotted time frame. As a result of the discussions 
in the pre-bid meeting, if it is considered necessary to modify the technical specifications 
or any tender conditions, the same shall be carried out.  

(d) The Project Authority shall endeavor to clarify such issues during the discussions. 
However, at any time prior to the date for submission of RFP, RHC, Jodhpur may, for any 
reason, whether at its own initiative or in response to the discussions/ clarifications, 
modify the RFP document by issuance of addenda(s) and conveyed to the bidders found 
successful in evaluation of the RFP 
 
 Note:  It is mandatory to submit the tender fees of Rs 2000/- (In word Two Thousands 

rupees only) in the form of Demand Draft/Cash/Banker Cheque in favour of 
“Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court” payable at Jodhpur to participate in 
Pre-bid meeting. 

 

6. Evaluation of the Proposals  
Only the proposals received upto due date and time at the designated place will be considered 
for evaluation. To facilitate evaluation, Office of Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court 
may, at its sole discretion, seek clarification in writing from any bidder.  

 

7. Method for submission of the Proposal:  
Proposals shall be received on e-portal i.e. http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in by Project Authority 
in two parts i.e. Technical Proposal and Financial Proposal (BoQ).  

 
8.     Documents comprising the Bid-  

a.   A Single stage-Two envelope/ cover system shall be followed for the bid:  
 I. Technical bid     II. Financial bid  
 
b.  Technical bid shall be in Envelope 1 containing following documents in single PDF 
 File: 

S.No. Documents Type Document Format    

1 Covering Letter – Technical Bid 
On bidder’s letter head duly signed by 

authorized signatory 
   

 Fee Details     



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 16 of 71 

2 Tender Fee 
Scanned copy of Fee Receipt/DD/ Banker’s 

Cheque/Cash 

   

3 RISL Processing Fee Scanned copy of DD/ Banker’s Cheque    

4 EMD (2% of estimated cost) 
Scanned copy of DD/ Banker’s 

Cheque/Cash/Bank guarantee as par RTPP Act 
   

 Pre-Qualification Documents     
5 Tender Form as per Annexure-5 at page 47    
6 Bidder’s Authorization Certificate as per Annexure-7 at page 50    

7 
All the documents mentioned in the 

“Eligibility Criteria”, in support of the 

eligibility 

As per the format mentioned against the 

respective eligibility criteria clause Annexure-16 

at page 63 

   

  Technical Documents      

8 Components Offered as per Annexure-2 (A) at page 44    

9 Work Plan As per Annexure-2 (B) at page 44    

10 Self Declaration NO BLACKLISTING 
On non judicial stamp paper of Rs. 100/- as per 

Annexure-8 at page 51 
   

11 Certificate of Conformity/ No-Deviation as per Annexure-9 at page 52    

12 Undertaking of Authenticity  
On non judicial stamp paper of Rs. 100/- as per 

Annexure-10 at page 53 
   

13 Financial Bid Undertaking as per Annexure-11 at page 54    

14 Manufacturer’s Authorization Format as per Annexure-12 at page 55    

15 RTGS Details of Firm as per Annexure-15 at page 61    

16 
List of necessary required documents from 

Bidder for qualifying in Technical BID 
as per Annexure-16 at page 62 to 64 

   

17 Compliance Sheet for the DMS specifications 
Annexure-17 (with relevant information on 

Authentic Letterhead) at page 65 to 71 
   

Note: Please note the Financial bid undertaking needs to be submitted along with the technical bid. Price bid 

needs to be submitted only on e-procurement website as per the BoQ template. 
   

 
c. Financial bid shall be in Envelope 2 containing following documents in PDF and 
 XLS  Format: 

S.No. Documents Type Document Format 

1 Price Bid As per Annexure-3 at page 45 

 

9.  Validity of the Proposal   
The proposal shall remain valid for consideration for a period of 180 days from the date 
of opening of technical bid. This validity can be extended for a further period not more 
than 90 days with consent of the bidders.  

10.  Modification/withdrawal of the Proposal:  
 

No bid shall be withdrawn/substituted or modified after the last date and time fixed for 
receipt of bids.  

 

11.  The bidders should note the following   
o That the incomplete RFP in any respect or those that are not consistent with the 

requirements as specified in this Request for Proposal Document or those that do not 
contain the Covering Letter or any other documents as per the specified formats may 
be considered non-responsive and liable for rejection.  

o Strict adherence to formats, wherever specified, is required.  
o All communication and information should be provided in writing.  
o No change in/or supplementary information shall be accepted once the RFP is 

submitted. However, Project Authority reserves the right to seek additional 
information and/or clarification from the Bidders, if found necessary, during the 
course of evaluation of the RFP. Non submission, incomplete submission or delayed 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 17 of 71 

submission of such additional information or clarifications sought by Project 
Authority may be a ground for rejecting the RFP.  

o The RFP shall be evaluated as per the criteria specified in this RFP Document. 
However, within the broad framework of the evaluation parameters as stated in the 
RFP, R.H.C. reserves the right to make modifications to the stated evaluation criteria, 
which would be uniformly applied to all the Bidders.  

o The Bidder should designate one person ("Contact Person" and "Authorized 
Representative and Signatory/Project Manager") authorized to represent the Bidder in 
its dealings with. This designated person should hold the Power of Attorney and be 
authorized to perform all tasks including but not limited to providing information, 
responding to enquiries, etc. The Covering Letter submitted by the Bidder shall be 
signed by the Authorized Signatory and shall bear the stamp of the firm.  

o Mere submission of information does not entitle the Bidder to meet an eligibility 
criterion. Committee constituted under the Chairmanship of the Committee reserves 
the right to vet and verify any or all information submitted by the Bidder.  

o If any claim made or information provided by the Bidder in the RFP or any 
information provided by the Bidder in response to any subsequent query by, is found 
to be incorrect or is a material misrepresentation of facts, then the RFP will be liable 
for rejection. Mere clerical errors or bonafide mistakes may be treated as an exception 
at the sole discretion of Committee constituted under the Chairmanship of Purchase 
Committee, if satisfied.  

o The Bidder shall be responsible for all the costs associated with the preparation of the 
Request for Proposal and any subsequent costs incurred as a part of the Bidding 
Process shall not be responsible in any way for such costs, regardless of the conduct 
or outcome of this process.  

 

12.  Time Schedule for submission of the Proposal:  
Pre-Proposal Conference/Pre-Bid Meeting 17.11.2017 at 11.00 AM 

Time & date for submission start of the RFP 11.11.2017 at 12.00 AM 
Time & date for opening of RFP 13.12.2017 at 11.30 AM 

The committee constituted under chairmanship of Hon’ble Purchase Committee may, in 
exceptional circumstances and at its sole discretion, revise the time schedule (extension in 
time) by issuance of agenda(s). Communication of such extension to be conveyed to the 
bidders to whom the original RFP is issued. 

 

13.  Grievance  Redressal during the RFP Process:-   
Bidder shall refer to the Annexure C for the process of Grievance Redressal during the 
process of RFP.  
 

14.       Vexations appeals or complaints.- Whoever intentionally files any vexatious, frivolous 
or malicious appeal or complaint under this Act, with the intention of delaying or 
defeating any p4rocurement or causing loss to any procuring entity or any other bidder, 
shall be punished with fine which may extend to twenty lakh rupees or five percent of the 
value of procurement, whichever is less.   



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 18 of 71 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TENDER & CONTRACT 
 

A)  General Conditions of the Bid- 
 

1.   Income Tax and GISTN Registration and GISTN Clearance Certificate- 
No Dealer who does not hold a valid Permanent Account Number (PAN)/ Tax Identification Number 

(TIN) from Income Tax department, GoI and who is not registered under the Sales Tax Act prevalent 

in the State where his business is located shall bid. The GISTN Registration Number should be quoted 

and a VAT clearance certificate from the Commercial Taxes Officer of the Circle concerned valid on 

the date of submission of bid shall be submitted without which the bid is liable to rejection. 
 

2. Contract Documents:  
Subject to the order of precedence set forth in the Agreement, all documents forming the Contract (and 

all parts thereof) are intended to be correlative, complementary, and mutually explanatory.  

 
 

3. Interpretation-  
 

a. If the context so requires it, singular means plural and vice versa.  
 
b. Entire Agreement: The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the Purchaser and the 

Supplier/ selected bidder(s) and supersedes all communications, negotiations and  agreements 

(whether written or oral) of parties with respect thereto made prior to the date of Contract.  
 
c. Amendment: No amendment or other variation of the Contract shall be valid unless it is in  writing, 

is dated, expressly refers to the Contract, and is signed by a duly authorized representative of each 

party thereto.  
 
d. Non-waiver: Subject to the condition (f) below, no relaxation, forbearance, delay, or indulgence by 

either party in enforcing any of the terms and conditions of the Contract or the granting of time by 

either party to the other shall prejudice, affect, or restrict the rights of that party under the Contract, 

neither shall any waiver by either party of any breach of  Contract operate as waiver of any 

subsequent or continuing breach of Contract.  
 
e. Any waiver of a party’s rights, powers, or remedies under the Contract must be in writing,  dated, 

and signed by an authorized representative of the party granting such waiver, and  must specify the 

right and the extent to which it is being waived. 
 
f. Severability: If any provision or condition of the Contract is prohibited or rendered invalid or 

unenforceable, such prohibition, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the  validity or 

enforceability of any other provisions and conditions of the Contract.  
 

  
 

4.  Eligible Goods and Related Services-  
 
a. For purposes of this Clause, the term “goods” includes all of the commodities, raw  material, 

machinery and equipment, and/or other materials; and “related services” includes services such 

as insurance, warranty support and other similar obligations of the successful/ selected bidder(s) 

under the Contract all items being bid should be the ones which are produced in volume and are 

used by a large number of users in India/ abroad. All items quoted by the successful/ selected 

bidder(s) must be associated with `specific make and model numbers, item code and names and 

with printed literature describing configuration and functionality. Any deviation from the printed 

specifications should be clearly mentioned in the offer document by the bidder/ supplier.  
 
b. The OEM/ Bidder of the quoted product must have its own registered spares depot in India 

having adequate inventory of the equipment being quoted for providing the necessary  spares 

within next business day or maximum 30 hours.  
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 19 of 71 

c. The OEM/ Bidder of the quoted product should also have its direct representation in India in 

terms of registered office for at least past 3 years. The presence through any Distribution/System 

Integration partner agreement will not be accepted.  
 
d. Bidder must quote products in accordance with above clause “Eligible goods and related 

services”.  
 

5.   Notices:  
a. Any notice given by one party to the other pursuant to the Contract shall be in writing to the 

address specified in the contract. The term “in writing” means communicated in written form 

with proof of dispatch and receipt.  
 
b. A Notice shall be effective when delivered or on the Notice’s effective date, whichever is later.  
 

6.   Governing Law:  
The Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Rajasthan 
State/The Country India, unless otherwise specified in the contract.  
 

7.   Scope of Supply:  
a. Subject to the provisions in the bidding document and contract, the goods and related  services 

to be supplied shall be as specified in the bidding document.  
 
b. Unless otherwise stipulated in the Contract, the scope of supply shall include all such  items not 

specifically mentioned in the Contract but that can be reasonably inferred from  the Contract as 

being required for attaining delivery and completion of the goods and related services as if such 

items were expressly mentioned in the Contract.  

c. The bidder(s) shall not quote and supply any hardware/ software that is likely to be  declared 

as End of Sale for twelve months and End of Service/ Support for twenty four  months from the 

date of bid submission. If any of the hardware/ software is found to be  declared as End of Sale/ 

Service/ Support in the period mentioned above, then the bidder(s) shall replace all such 

hardware/ software with the latest ones having equivalent or higher specifications without any 

financial obligation to the purchaser. 
 

8.  Delivery-  
a. Subject to the conditions of the contract, the delivery of the goods and completion of the related 

services shall be in accordance with the delivery and completion schedule specified in the 

bidding document. The details of supply/ shipping and other documents to be  furnished by the 

successful/ selected bidder(s) are specified in the bidding document and/ or contract.  
 
b. The contract for the supply can be repudiated at any time by the purchase officer, if the  supplies 

are not made to his satisfaction after giving an opportunity to the bidder(s) of  being heard and 

recording the reasons for repudiation.  

c. The Supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall arrange to supply the ordered materials/ system as per 
specifications within the specified delivery/ completion period at various offices/ locations 
mentioned in the bidding document and/ or contract.  

d. Shifting the place of delivery destination: Rajasthan High Court shall be free to shift the place of 
delivery within the same district. The successful/ selected bidder(s) shall provide all assistance 
including transportation in shifting of the delivered Items. 

  

9.   Supplier’s/ Selected bidder’s Responsibilities:  
 The Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) shall supply all the goods and related services included in the scope 

of supply in accordance with the provisions of bidding document and/ or contract. 
 
 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 20 of 71 

10. Purchaser’s Responsibilities: 
 

a.  Whenever the work of scanning services requires that the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) obtain 

permits, approvals, and import and other licenses from local public authorities, the Purchaser 

shall, if so required by the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s), make its best effort to assist the Supplier/ 

Selected bidder(s) in complying with such requirements in a timely and expeditious manner.  

b. The Purchaser shall pay all costs involved in the performance of its responsibilities, in 
accordance with the general and special conditions of the contract.  

 
11. Contract Price: 

 
a.  The Contract Price shall be paid as specified in the contract subject to any additions and 

adjustments thereto, or deductions there from, as may be made pursuant to the Contract.  
 

b.  Prices charged by the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) for the Related Services performed under the 
Contract shall not vary from the prices quoted by the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) in its bid, with 

the exception of any price adjustments authorized in the special conditions of the contract.  
 
 

12. Recoveries from Supplier/ Selected bidder: 
 
a.   Recovery of liquidated damages, short supply, breakage, rejected articles shall be made ordinarily 

from bills.  
b. The Purchase Officer shall withhold amount to the extent of short supply, broken/ damaged or 

for rejected articles unless these are replaced satisfactorily. In case of failure to withhold the 

amount, it shall be recovered from his dues and performance security deposit available with 

RHC.  
c.    The balance, if any, shall be demanded from the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) and when recovery 

is not possible, the Purchase Officer shall take recourse to law in force.  
 

13. Taxes & Duties: 
 
a.    The income tax, service tax, value added tax, etc., if applicable, shall be deducted at source from 

the payment to the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) as per the law in force at the time of execution of 

contract.  

b. The entry tax, if applicable shall be deducted at source and deposited in the government treasury 
in proper revenue receipt head of account.  

c.   For goods supplied from outside India, the successful/ selected bidder(s) shall be entirely 

responsible for all taxes, stamp duties, license fees, and other such levies imposed outside the 

country.  

d. For goods supplied from within India, the successful/ selected bidder(s) shall be entirely 

responsible for all taxes, duties, license fees, etc., incurred until delivery of the contracted Goods 

to the Purchaser.  

e.   Revision in GSTIN and Service Tax shall be on account of the tendering authority if it has been 

asked for separately in the financial bid and is not taken into account for the purpose of 

comparison of bids. If, however, they have not been asked for separately, any benefit or 

additional cost will be on account of the bidder(s). Revision of any other tax or duty shall be on 

account of the bidder(s).  

f.    If any tax exemptions, reductions, allowances or privileges may be available to the successful/ 

selected bidder(s) in India, the Purchaser shall use its best efforts to enable the successful/ 

selected bidder(s) to benefit from any such tax savings to the maximum allowable extent.  

 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 21 of 71 

14. Performance Security Deposit (PSD): 
a.    In case of successful/ selected bidder(s), the EMD will be adjusted in arriving at the amount of 

the PSD.  
 
b. The successful/ selected bidder(s) shall, within Fifteen (15) days of the notification of Contract 

award, provide a PSD 10% of the total agreed/ ordered project value for the due performance of 

the Contract in the amounts and currencies specified in the work order.  
 
c.  The proceeds of the PSD shall be payable to the Purchaser as compensation for any loss resulting 

from the successful/ selected bidder(s) failure to complete its obligations under the Contract.  
d. Form of PSD: Successful bidder will have to deposit PSD in the form of Demand Draft/Fixed 

Deposit/Bank Guarantee (Unconditional & Irrevocable) in favour of “Registrar General, 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur”.  
 
e.  Refund of PSD: PSD shall be refunded after one (01) month of the successful completion of the 

contract period i.e. one (01) month after expiry of “Warranty and Support Services” of all the 

Items.  
 
f.  Forfeiture of PSD: PSD shall be forfeited in the following cases:-  
 

i. When any terms and condition of the contract is breached.  
 
ii. When the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) fail to commence supply or stops making the 

supplies or fail to provide deliverables after partially executing the purchase/ work order.  
 
iii. To adjust any dues against the firm from any other contract with RHC.  

 
g. No interest will be paid by R.H.C. on the amount of EMD and PSD.  

 

h. Proper notice will be given to the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) with reasonable time before EMD/ 
PSD is forfeited.  

 
i.  Forfeiture of EMD/PSD shall be without prejudice to any other right of R.H.C. to claim any 

damages as admissible under the law as well as to take such action against the Supplier/ Selected 

bidder(s) such as severing future business relation or black listing, etc.  
 

15. Copyright:  
 The copyright in all drawings, source code, design documents, and other materials  containing data 

and information furnished to the Purchaser by the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) herein shall remain 
vested in the Selected bidder(s), or, if they are furnished to the Purchaser directly or through the 
Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) by any third party, including suppliers of materials, the copyright in 
such materials shall remain vested in such third party. 

 
 

16. Confidential Information: 
 
a.  The Purchaser and the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) shall keep confidential and shall not, without 

the written consent of the other party hereto, divulge to any third party any drawings, documents, 

data, or other information furnished directly or indirectly by the other party hereto in connection 

with the Contract, whether such information has been furnished prior to, during or following 

completion or termination of the Contract.  
  
b. The Purchaser shall not use such documents, data, and other information received from the 

Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) for any purposes unrelated to the Contract. Similarly, the Supplier/ 

Selected bidder(s) shall not use such documents, data, and other information received from the 

Purchaser for any purpose other than the design, procurement, or other work and services 

required for the performance of the Contract.  
 
c.  The obligation of a party under sub-clauses above, however, shall not apply to information that: 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 22 of 71 

i. the Purchaser or Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) need to share with Rajasthan High Court 
participating in the Contract;  

 
ii. now or hereafter enters the public domain through no fault of that party;  
 
iii. can be proven to have been possessed by that party at the time of disclosure and which was  

not previously obtained, directly or indirectly, from the other party; or  
 
iv. otherwise lawfully becomes available to that party from a third party that has no obligation of 

confidentiality.  
 
d. The above provisions shall not in any way modify any undertaking of confidentiality given by 

either of the parties hereto prior to the date of the Contract in respect of the supply or  any part 

thereof.  
 
e.  The provisions of this clause shall survive completion or termination, for whatever reason, of the 

Contract.  
 

17. Sub-contracting: 
 
a.  The bidder(s) shall not assign or sub-let his contract or any substantial part thereof to any other 

agency without the permission of Purchaser/ Tendering Authority, except for the following:  
 

 Setting-up a helpdesk 
 

 Establishment of Service support centre / deployment of Resident Engineers 
 
b.  If permitted, the selected bidder(s) shall notify the Purchaser, in writing, of all subcontracts 

awarded under the Contract, if not already specified in the Bid. Subcontracting shall in no event 

relieve the Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) from any of its obligations, duties, responsibilities, or 

liability under the Contract.  
 
c.  Subcontracts shall comply with the provisions of bidding document and/ or contract  

 
18. Specifications and Standards: 

 
a.  All work done shall strictly conform to the specifications, trademark laid down in the tender 

form and wherever articles have been required according to ISI/ ISO/ other applicable 

specifications/ certifications/ standards, those articles should conform strictly to those 

specifications/ certifications/ standards. The supply shall be of best quality and description. The 

decision of the competent authority/ purchase committee whether the articles supplied conform 

to the specifications shall be final and binding on the supplier/ selected bidder(s).  
 
b. Technical Specifications-  

i. The Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) shall ensure that the works and related services comply 
 with  the technical specifications and other provisions of the Contract.  
ii. The Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) shall be entitled to disclaim responsibility for any design, 

 data, drawing, specification or other document, or any modification thereof provided or 

 designed by or on behalf of the Purchaser, by giving a notice of such disclaimer to the 

 Purchaser.  

iii. The works and related services supplied under this Contract shall conform to the 

 standards  mentioned in bidding document and, when no applicable standard is 

 mentioned, the 

  standard shall be equivalent or superior to the official standards whose  application is  

 appropriate to the country of origin of the Goods.  
 
c.  Wherever references are made in the Contract to codes and standards in accordance with which 

it shall be executed, the edition or the revised version of such codes and standards shall be those 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 23 of 71 

specified in the bidding document. During Contract execution, any changes in any such codes 

and standards shall be applied only after approval by the Purchaser and shall be treated in 

accordance with the general conditions of the contract.  

d. The supplier/selected bidder fulfill the compliance requirements as to specifications of 

DMS as mentioned in Annexure-17 at page 65 to 71 

 
 

19. Packing and Documents: 
a.  The Supplier/ Selected bidder(s) shall provide such packing of the Goods as is required to 

prevent their damage or deterioration during transit to their final destination, as indicated in the 

Contract. During transit, the packing shall be sufficient to withstand, without limitation, rough 

handling and exposure to extreme temperatures, salt and precipitation, and open storage. Packing 

case size and weights shall take into consideration, where appropriate, the remoteness of the final 

destination of the Goods and the absence of heavy handling facilities at all points in transit.  
 
b.  The packing, marking, and documentation within and outside the packages shall comply strictly 

with such special requirements as shall be expressly provided for in the Contract, including 

additional requirements, if any, specified in the contract, and in any other instructions ordered by 

the Purchaser.  

c.  The Bidder(s) shall be responsible for any defect in packing and ensure the following:  
i. The furnished all the items should be Bubble Wrapped and then packed in the cardboard 

boxes of standard quality as followed by industry. 
ii. The all above items shall be packed in cartons as per requirements of distribution to the 

District and Subordinate Courts in the States of Rajasthan  
iii. The packed carton shall be sealed and preserved in the Bidder’s / OEM’s store location/  
 Godown/ Warehouse. 

  
20. Insurance: 

a.  The related services supplied under the Contract shall be fully insured against loss by theft, 

destruction or damage incidental to manufacture or acquisition, transportation, storage, fire, 

flood, under exposure to weather and delivery at the designates project locations, in accordance 

with the applicable terms. The insurance charges will be borne by the supplier and Purchaser 

will not be required to pay such charges if incurred.  
 
b. The related services will be performed at the FOR destination in perfect condition.  

 
 

21. Transportation: 

a.  The supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall be responsible for the proper packing so as to avoid 

damage under normal conditions of transport by sea, rail and road or air and delivery of the 

material in the good condition to the consignee at destination. In the event of any loss, damage, 

breakage or leakage or any shortage the bidder(s) shall be liable to make good such loss and 

shortage found at the checking/ inspection of the material by the consignee. No extra cost on 

such account shall be admissible.  
 
b. All goods must be sent freight paid through Railways or goods transport from the supplier’s/ 

selected bidder’s bill.  

 
 

22. Inspection: 
 
a.  The Purchase Officer or his duly authorized representative shall at all reasonable time have 

access to the supplier’s/ selected bidder’s premises and shall have the power at all reasonable 

time to inspect and examine the materials and workmanship of the goods/ equipment/ 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 24 of 71 

machineries during manufacturing process or afterwards as may be decided.  
 
b.  As and when a complete Lot is ready for delivery, the selected bidder(s) shall intimate R.H.C. 

with a written intimation of at least 03 days to conduct Pre-delivery Inspection. The supplier/ 

selected bidder(s) shall furnish complete address of the premises of his factory, office, go-down 

or workshop where inspection can be made together with name and address of the person who is 

to be contacted for the purpose.  
 
c.  Registrar General, R.H.C. can may conduct inspection which will be done by Computer Cell, 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur. RHC shall undertake the inspection before work completion of 

related work, of the all the items in accordance to the standard procedures being followed by 

RHC in Quality Inspection. The inspection team shall prepare a Report specifying satisfactory 

operational condition of the inspected all the items, gaps identified and necessary corrective 

measurements required by the Bidder.  
 
 
d.  After successful inspection, it will be supplier’s/ selected bidder’s responsibility to dispatch and 

deliver the all the items at respective locations without any financial liability to the Purchaser.  
 
e.  Rajasthan High Court representatives may conduct Inspection after completion of related 

services. After completion of inspection, the all the items shall be handed over by the successful 

bidder to the officer nominated by Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur. The 

official nominated by RHC shall provide the sign off on the delivery challan to the bidder.  

 

23. Rejection: 

a.  Articles not approved during inspection or testing shall be rejected and will have to be replaced 
by the selected bidder(s) at his own cost within the time fixed by the Purchase Officer.  

 
b. If, however, due to exigencies of Department of RHC, such replacement either in whole or in 

part, is not considered feasible, the Purchase Officer after giving an opportunity to the selected 

bidder(s) of being heard shall for reasons to be recorded, deduct a suitable amount from the 

approved rates. The deduction so made shall be final.  
 
c.  The rejected articles shall be removed by the selected bidder(s) within 15 days of intimation of 

rejection, after which Purchase Officer shall not be responsible for any loss, shortage or damage 

and shall have the right to dispose of such articles as he thinks fit, at the supplier’s/ bidder’s/ 

selected bidder’s risk and on his account.  

 
24. Extension in Delivery Period and Liquidated Damages (LD): 

 
a.  Except as provided under clause “Force Majeure”, if the supplier/ selected bidder(s) fails to 

deliver any or all of the Goods or perform the Related Services within the period specified in the 

Contract, the Purchaser may without prejudice to all its other remedies under the Contract, 

deduct from the Contract Price, as liquidated damages, a sum equivalent to the percentage 

specified in (d) below for each week or part thereof of delay until actual delivery or 

performance, up to a maximum deduction of the percentage specified in the bidding document 

and/ or contract. Once the maximum is reached, the Purchaser may terminate the Contract 

pursuant to clause “Termination”.  
 
b.  The time specified for delivery in the tender form shall be deemed to be the essence of the 

contract and the supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall arrange goods supply and related services 

within the specified period.  
 
c.  Delivery and completion period may be extended with or without liquidated damages, if the 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 25 of 71 

delay in the supply of goods or service is on account of hindrances beyond the control of the 

supplier/ selected bidder(s).  
 

I  The supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall request in writing to the purchaser giving reasons for 

extending the delivery period of service, if he finds himself unable to complete the  supply of 

goods or service within the stipulated delivery period or is unable to maintain prorate 

progress in the supply of goods or service delivery. This request shall be submitted as soon 

as a hindrance in delivery of goods and service occurs or within 03 days from such 

occurrence but before expiry of stipulated period of completion of delivery of goods and 

service after which such request shall not be entertained. 
 
ii. The purchaser shall examine the justification of causes of hindrance in the delivery of goods 

and service and the period of delay occurred due to that and recommend the competent 

authority on the period of extension which should be granted with or without liquidated 

damages.  
 
iii. Normally, extension in delivery period of goods and service in following circumstances may 

be considered without liquidated damages: 
 When delay has occurred due to delay by Rajasthan High Court in performing any of 

the duties to be performed by them as mentioned in the chapter titled “Scope of work”. 
 
 When delay has occurred in supply of materials etc. if these were required to be 

supplied to the supplier or service provider by the Rajasthan High Court as per terms of 

the contract.  
 

iv. If the competent authority agrees to extend the delivery period/ schedule, an amendment to 

the contract with suitable denial clauses and with or without liquidated damages, as the case 

may be, shall be issued. The amendment letter shall mention that no extra price or additional 

cost for any reason, what so ever beyond the contracted cost shall be paid for the delayed 

supply of goods and service.  
 
v. It shall be at the discretion of the concerned authority to accept or not to accept the supply of 

goods and/ or services rendered by the contractor after the expiry of the stipulated  delivery 

period, if no formal extension in delivery period has been applied and granted.  The 

competent authority shall have right to cancel the contract with respect to undelivered goods 

and/ or service.  
 
vi. If Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur is in need of the good and/ or service 

rendered after expiry of the stipulated delivery period, it may accept the services and issue  a 

letter of extension in delivery period with usual liquidated damages and denial clauses to 

regularize the transaction.  
 
d.  In case of extension in the delivery and/ or completion period is granted with full liquidated 

damages, the recovery shall be made on the basis of following percentages of value of goods 

and/ or service which the supplier/ selected bidder(s) has failed to supply or complete : 

Identification Lot 
work to be done 

(in %age) 
Work Schedule in Days 

Lot-1 100% 
Within 365 days from the Date of 

Work Order 
 

25. Authenticity of Equipments- 
 
a.    The selected bidder(s) shall certify (as per Annexure-10) that the supplied goods are brand new, 

genuine/ authentic, not refurbished, conform to the description and quality as specified in this 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 26 of 71 

bidding document and are free from defects in material, workmanship and service.  
 
b. If during the contract period, the said goods be discovered counterfeit/ unauthentic or not to 

conform to the description and quality aforesaid or have determined (and the decision of the 

Purchase Officer in that behalf will be final and conclusive), notwithstanding the fact that the 

purchaser may have inspected and/ or approved the said goods, the purchaser will be entitled to 

reject the said goods or such portion thereof as may be discovered not to conform to the said 

description and quality, on such rejection the goods will be at the selected bidder’s risk and all 

the provisions relating to rejection of goods etc., shall apply. The selected bidder(s) shall, if so 

called upon to do, replace the goods etc., or such portion thereof as is rejected by Purchase 

Officer, otherwise the selected bidder(s) shall pay such damage as may arise by the reason of the 

breach of the condition herein contained. Nothing herein contained shall prejudice any other 

right of the Purchase Officer in that behalf under this contract or otherwise.  
 
c.    Goods accepted by the purchaser in terms of the contract shall in no way dilute purchaser’s right 

to reject the same later, if found deficient in terms of the this clause of the contract.  
 

  
26. Patent Indemnity: 

a. The supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall, subject to the Purchaser’s compliance with sub-clause (b) 

below, indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and its employees and officers from and 

against any and all suits, actions or administrative proceedings, claims, demands, losses, 

damages, costs, and expenses of any nature, including attorney’s fees and expenses, which the 

Purchaser may suffer as a result of any infringement or alleged infringement of any patent, utility 

model, registered design, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right registered or 

otherwise existing at the date of the Contract by reason of: -  
 

i. the installation of the Goods by the supplier/ selected bidder(s) or the use of the Goods 
 in the country where the Site is located; and  

 
ii. the sale in any country of the products produced by the Goods.  
 
 Such indemnity shall not cover any use of the Goods or any part thereof other than for the 

purpose indicated by or to be reasonably inferred from the Contract, neither any infringement 

resulting from the use of the Goods or any part thereof, or any products produced thereby in 

association or combination with any other equipment, plant, or materials not supplied by the 

supplier/ selected bidder(s), pursuant to the Contract. 
 
b. If any proceedings are brought or any claim is made against the Purchaser arising out of the 

matters referred to above, the Purchaser shall promptly give the supplier/ selected bidder(s) a 

notice thereof, and the supplier/ selected bidder(s) may at its own expense and in the Purchaser’s 

name conduct such proceedings or claim and any negotiations for the settlement of any such 

proceedings or claim.  

c.  If the supplier/ selected bidder(s) fails to notify the Purchaser within thirty (30) days after receipt 

of such notice that it intends to conduct any such proceedings or claim, then the Purchaser shall 

be free to conduct the same on its own behalf.  
 
d. The Purchaser shall, at the supplier’s/ selected bidder’s request, afford all available assistance to 

the supplier/ selected bidder(s) in conducting such proceedings or claim, and shall be reimbursed 

by the supplier/ selected bidder(s) for all reasonable expenses incurred in so doing.  

e.  The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the supplier/ selected bidder(s) and its 

employees, officers, and Subcontractors (if any) from and against any and all suits, actions or 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 27 of 71 

administrative proceedings, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, and expenses of any nature, 

including attorney’s fees and expenses, which the supplier/ selected bidder(s) may suffer as a 

result of any infringement or alleged infringement of any patent, utility model, registered design, 

trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right registered or otherwise existing at the 

date of the Contract arising out of or in connection with any design, data, drawing, specification, 

or other documents or materials provided or designed by or on behalf of the Purchaser.  

 

27. Limitation of Liability: Except in cases of gross negligence or willful misconduct:- 
 
a.   neither party shall be liable to the other party for any indirect or consequential loss or damage, 

loss of use, loss of production, or loss of profits or interest costs, provided that this exclusion 

shall not apply to any obligation of the supplier/ selected bidder(s) to pay liquidated damages to 

the Purchaser; and  
 
b.   the aggregate liability of the supplier/ selected bidder(s) to the Purchaser, whether under the 

Contract, in tort, or otherwise, shall not exceed the amount specified in the Contract, provided 

that this limitation shall not apply to the cost of repairing or replacing defective equipment, or to 

any obligation of the supplier/ selected bidder(s) to indemnify the Purchaser with respect to 

patent infringement.  

 

28. Change in Laws & Regulations: 
 
a.   Unless otherwise specified in the Contract, if after the date of the Invitation for Bids, any law, 

regulation, ordinance, order or bylaw having the force of law is enacted, promulgated, abrogated, 

or changed in Rajasthan/ India, where the Site is located (which shall be deemed to include any 

change in interpretation or application by the competent authorities) that subsequently affects the 

Delivery Date and/ or the Contract Price, then such Delivery Date and/ or Contract Price shall be 

correspondingly increased or decreased, to the extent that the Supplier has thereby been affected 

in the performance of any of its obligations under the Contract.  

b.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, such additional or reduced cost shall not be separately paid or 

credited, if the same has already been accounted for in the price adjustment provisions where 

applicable.  

 

29. Force Majeure: 
 
a.  The supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall not be liable for forfeiture of its PSD, LD, or termination 

for default if and to the extent that its delay in performance or other failure to perform its 

obligations under the Contract is the result of an event of Force Majeure.  
 
c. For purposes of this Clause, “Force Majeure” means an event or situation beyond the control of 

the supplier/ selected bidder(s) that is not foreseeable, is unavoidable, and its origin is not due 

 to negligence or lack of care on the part of the supplier/ selected bidder(s). Such events may 

include, but not be limited to, acts of the Purchaser in its sovereign capacity, wars or revolutions, 

fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, and freight embargoes. 
 
c.  If a Force Majeure situation arises, the supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall promptly notify the 

RHC in writing of such conditions and cause thereof within 15 days of occurrence of such event. 

Unless otherwise directed by RHC, the supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall continue to perform its 

obligations under the contract as far as reasonably practical.  
 
d. If the performance in whole or part or any obligation under the contract is prevented or delayed 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 28 of 71 

by any reason of Force Majeure for a period exceeding 50 days, either party at its option may 

terminate the contract without any financial repercussion on either side.  
 
e.  In case a Force Majeure situation occurs with the Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur, the RHC, 

Jodhpur may take the case with the supplier/ selected bidder(s) on similar lines.  

 
30. Change Orders and Contract Amendments- 

a.  The Purchaser may at any time order the supplier/ selected bidder(s) through Notice in 
accordance with clause “Notices” above, to make changes within the general scope of the  

 
 Contract in any one or more of the following: -  

i. drawings, designs, or specifications, where Goods to be furnished under the Contract are to 
be specifically manufactured for the Purchaser;  

 
ii. the method of shipment or packing;  
 
iii. the place of delivery; and  
 
iv. the related services to be provided by the supplier/ selected bidder(s) 
v. The quantity of purchase items/order may be increased and reduced as per final 

 requirement.  
vi. The approved rate of items will be valid upto 31.03.2016 

 
b.  If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, the 

supplier’s/ selected bidder’s performance of any provisions under the Contract, an equitable 

adjustment shall be made in the Contract Price or in the Delivery and Completion Schedule, or 

both, and the Contract shall accordingly should be amended. Any claims by the supplier/ 

selected bidder(s) for adjustment under this clause must be asserted within seven (07) days from 

the date of the supplier’s/ selected bidder’s receipt of the Purchaser’s change order.  
 
c.  Prices to be charged by the supplier/ selected bidder(s) for any related services that might be 

needed but which were not included in the Contract shall be agreed upon in advance by the 

parties and shall not exceed the prevailing rates charged to other parties by the supplier/ selected 

bidder(s) for similar services.  

 

31. Termination:  
a.  Termination for Default:  

i.  The tender sanctioning authority of RHC may, without prejudice to any other remedy for 

 breach of contract, by a written notice of default, of at-least 07 days, sent to the supplier/ 

 selected bidder(s), terminate the contract in whole or in part: -  

 If the supplier/ selected bidder(s) fails to deliver any or all quantities of the service 

within the time period specified in the contract, or any extension thereof granted by 

RHC; or If the supplier/ selected bidder(s) fails to perform any other obligation under the 

contract within the specified period of delivery of service or any extension granted 

thereof; or 

 If the supplier/ selected bidder(s), in the judgment of the Purchaser, is found to be 

engaged in corrupt, fraudulent, collusive, or coercive practices in competing for or in 

executing the contract. 
 

 If the supplier/ selected bidder(s) commits breach of any condition of the contract. 
 
ii. If RHC terminates the contract in whole or in part, amount of PSD may be forfeited.  
 
iii. Before cancelling a contract and taking further action, advice of senior most finance person 

available in the office and of legal adviser or legal assistant posted in the office, if  there is 

one, may be obtained.  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 29 of 71 

 
b.  Termination for Insolvency:  

RHC may at any time terminate the Contract by giving a written notice of at-least 07 days to 

the supplier/ selected bidder(s), if the supplier/ selected bidder(s) becomes bankrupt or 

otherwise insolvent. In such event, termination will be without compensation to the supplier/ 

selected bidder(s), provided that such termination will not prejudice or affect any right of 

action or remedy that has accrued or will accrue thereafter to RHC.  
 
c. Termination for Convenience:  
 

i. RHC, by a written notice of atleast 07 days sent to the supplier/ selected bidder(s), may 

terminate the Contract, in whole or in part, at any time for its convenience. The Notice of 

termination shall specify that termination is for the Purchaser’s convenience, the extent to 

which performance of the supplier/ selected bidder(s) under the Contract is terminated, and the 

date upon which such termination becomes effective.  
 
ii. Depending on merits of the case the supplier/ selected bidder(s) may be appropriately 

compensated on mutually agreed terms for the loss incurred by the contract if any due to such 

termination.  
 
iii. The Goods that are complete and ready for shipment within seven (07) days after the 

supplier’s/ selected bidder’s receipt of the Notice of termination shall be accepted by the 

Purchaser at the Contract terms and prices. For the remaining Goods, the Purchaser may elect:  
 
 To have any portion completed and delivered at the Contract terms and prices; and/or  

 

 To cancel the remainder and pay to the supplier/ selected bidder(s) an agreed amount for 

partially completed Goods and Related Services and for materials and parts previously 

procured by the supplier/ selected bidder(s).  

 
 

32. Settlement of Disputes- 
 
General: If any dispute arises between the supplier/ selected bidder(s) and RHC during the execution 

of a contract that should be amicably settled by mutual discussions. However, if the dispute is not 

settled by mutual discussions, a written representation will be obtained from the supplier/ selected 

bidder(s) on the points of dispute. The representation so received shall be examined by the concerned 

Procurement Committee which sanctioned the tender. The Procurement Committee may take legal 

advice of a counsel and then examine the representation. The supplier/ selected bidder(s) will also be 

given an opportunity of being heard. 

The Committee will take a decision on the representation and convey it in writing to the supplier/ 
selected bidder(s). 
 
a.  Standing Committee for Settlement of Disputes: If a question, difference or objection arises in 

connection with or out of the contract/ agreement or the meaning of operation of any part, 

thereof or the rights, duties or liabilities of either party have not been settled by mutual 

discussions or the decision of tender sanctioning Procurement Committee, it shall be referred to 

the empowered standing committee for decision. The empowered standing committee shall 

consist of following members: - (RHC)  
 
  Hon’ble Judge   :  Chairman 
 
  Hon’ble Judge      :  Member 
 
   
c. Procedure for reference to the Standing Committee: The supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall 

present his representation to the Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court along with a fee equal 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 30 of 71 

to two percent of the amount of dispute, not exceeding Rupees One Lac, within one month 

from the date of communication of decision of the tender sanctioning Procurement Committee. 

The officer-in-charge of the project who was responsible for taking delivery of the goods and/ 

or service from the supplier/ selected bidder(s) shall prepare a reply of representation and shall 

represent the RHC stand before the standing committee. From the side of the supplier/ selected 

bidder(s), the claim case may be presented by himself or through a lawyer. After hearing both 

the parties, the standing committee shall announce its decision which shall be final and binding 

both on the supplier/ selected bidder(s) and RHC. The standing committee, if it so decides, may 

refer the matter to the Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur for further decision.  

 
 
d. Legal Jurisdiction: All legal proceedings arising out of any dispute between both the parties 

regarding a contract shall be settled by a competent court having jurisdiction over the place, 

where agreement has been executed and by no other court, after decision of the standing 

committee for settlement of disputes.  

 

33. Payment Terms and Schedule: 
a. The supplier’s/ selected bidder’s request for payment shall be made to the purchaser in writing, 

accompanied by invoices describing, as appropriate, the goods delivered and related services 

performed, and by the required documents submitted pursuant to general conditions of the contract 

and upon fulfillment of all the obligations stipulated in the Contract.  

b. Bidder will raise the work of scanning work of those documents only which have been 

verified by the High Court Staff. Such bills would be raised by the bidder at the end of each 

quarter for the work performed during the quarter. Vendor may also be asked to submit bill as 

per any other schedule. Payment of the bills will be made after due verification of the work 

done. 

c. Work should be performed by the successful Bidder in accordance with the time schedule 

specified in the contract. In case of any delay in the execution of the work by the successful 

Bidder, it will be open to the High Court to impose a penalty at the rate of 2% of the amount 

of work not performed during the relevant quarter, in addition to the penalties earlier 

specified. In such an event, the successful Bidder will also be required to perform the 

remaining work during the next quarter in which case the total work required to be performed 

in the next quarter will include the left over work of the previous quarter(s). 

d. The successful bidder have to pay all the applicable taxes. 

e. Payments under the contract will be made only in Indian currency. 

f. Due Payments shall be made promptly, generally within sixty (60) days after submission of 
an invoice or request for payment by the supplier/ selected bidder(s), and the purchaser has 
accepted it.   

g. All remittance charges will be borne by the supplier/ selected bidder(s).  

h. In case of disputed items, disputed amount shall be withheld and will be paid only after 
settlement of the dispute.  

i. Payment in case of those works which need testing shall be made only when such tests have 
been carried out, test results received conforming to the prescribed specification.  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 31 of 71 

j. Advance Payments will not be made.  

k. Any penalties/ liquidated damages, as applicable, for delay and non-performance, as 
mentioned in this bidding document, will be deducted from the payments for the respective 
milestones.  

l. Taxes (work contract tax, service tax, VAT, income tax, etc.), as applicable, will be deducted 
at source, from due payments, as per the prevalent rules and regulations.  

 
34. Service Level Agreement and Penalties 

1. SLA defines the terms of the successful bidder’s responsibility in ensuring the performance of 

the hardware, software & all other accessories supplied as per the Scope of Work as specified in 

the RFP document based on the agreed Performance Indicators as detailed in the Agreement. 

2. The Bidder shall provide comprehensive, end-to-end service including supply and  installation,  

warranty and replacement of the defective all the items/their components in case of physical 

damage. No reason shall be entertained (unless those mentioned in Force Majeure) in case of un-

availability of any service given in the Scope of Work in this RFP and the appropriate penalty 

shall be levied. 

3. The selected bidder(s) and RHC shall regularly review the performance of the services being 
 provided by the Selected bidder(s) and the effectiveness of this SLA. 

4. Applicable penalties shall be calculated on Quarterly basis. 
5. The total Penalty shall not exceed 5% of the total value of the order. Penalty beyond 5% of 

 the  total value of the order, on account of any reason whatsoever, will be deemed to be an 
event for  termination on default.  

 

35. Special Terms and Conditions:- 
1. The bidder shall have to compile and make an instruction manual for scanning / digitizing, 

storing and retrieving operations and the same shall be provided to the High Court for use of 

its staff or carrying out the operation of Scanning / digitizing and retrieval. 
2. The bidder shall have to arrange its own staff for the entire work. The High Court would 

neither bear any expenses nor accept responsibility for the same and there would be no 

relationship of employer and employee between the High Court and the staff of the bidder. 

Likewise, the High Court shall not be a principal employer of the employees employed by 

such bidder for the purpose of Employees' Compensation Act. 
3. The High Court shall only provide space for work with electricity supply. Electricity fittings, if 

required, would be done by the bidder. The bidder will arrange its own infrastructure including 

computers, scanners, other peripherals, table, chairs, file racks etc. as per requirement. The 

bidder will also have on its own, the required LAN work for the purpose, however, already 

available LAN at the specified place, if any, may be used by the Bidder with prior approval of 

Rajasthan High Court.  The bidder will also require to arrange necessary power backup 

including DG Set, if required.  Air Conditioning of the space provided by High Court will be 

done by the Bidder, though in some part of the space, Air Conditioning is already available.   
4. The bidder will ensure that the space and other facilities provided to it by the High Court are 

not misused in any manner. 
5. The bidder should have its own sufficient infrastructure and qualified professionals.  On the 

completion of work, the bidder will take back the infrastructure set up by him except the 

server and  SAN Storage. However, the High Court may also retain the infrastructure on 

mutually acceptable terms and conditions.  
6. The High Court reserves the right to deny entry into its premises to any staff member of the 

bidder, if so deemed appropriate by it. 
7. The bidder will ensure that the staff engaged is disciplined and maintains full decorum of the 

Court. 
8. The Firm shall provide all the required Hardware for Digitization of Records to the High 

Court and after completing the project and after completion of the work, the firm shall hand 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 32 of 71 

over the all updated software and also the database  to the High Court. The bidder should also 

propose and supply necessary IT infrastructure for deploying and running proposed document 

management solution for 250 concurrent users and hosting 7 Crore pages initially. Bidder 

should keep in view that this is initial requirement and proposed hardware should be scalable 

for managing additional load of documents in future.  
9. The successful bidder shall undertake the job of Scanning/ digitization only in the premises 

provided by High Court. 
10. The bidder may be allowed to do the scanning/ digitization work on all working days. The 

timings and work schedule will be decided, mutually between the bidder and High Court but 

in all probability it must coincide with the office timing of the High Court.  
11. The High Court will provide the files to the authorized representative of the bidder 

supervising the Scanning / digitizing work, on day to day basis under proper receipt and it 

will be the responsibility of the bidder to accomplish the task of scanning / digitization after 

following all the processes, namely Unbundling, Re-bundling, Super Indexing, Scanning/ 

Digitizing, Splitting &Merger, Page numbering, Storing, Retrieval etc. The files will be 

provided at the place where they are stored and it will be the responsibility of the bidder to 

move the files to the place of scanning.  
12. It will be the responsibility of the bidder to return the files to the High Court Staff under 

acknowledgment in the same shape and condition these were taken. 
13. The bidder will ensure that the documents/ files handed over to him are kept in proper 

condition and no document is soiled / lost / misplaced /damaged. 
14. The bidder, after successfully storing the data on its own computer shall transfer the same on 

the computer to be provided by the High Court along with the documentation, technical and 

user manual. However, the bidder shall be fully responsible for the proper archiving, storing 

and retrieval of the Scanned/ Digitized data for a minimum period of one year after 

completion of its work on its hardware. The High Court may seek suggestion of the bidder 

about the configuration and the number of computers and other hardware for Archival and 

Retrieval of digitized data, including backup. 
15. Complete secrecy and confidentiality is required to be maintained by the bidder and its 

employees. 
16. The bidder shall not be allowed to take away any file / record etc. either in the shape of hard 

copy or soft copy and the work is to be carried out in the High Court premises itself. 
17. The bidder has to develop and supply two copies each of the software products along with 

source code. The bidder has to develop the software specific to High Court needs, with water 

marking and digital signature facilities. Such application software will be well integrated with 

CIS software, already implemented and in use in this court. 
18. The software module should have multiple accesses with security features, with facility for 

Updation of information. 
19. It shall be the duty of the bidder to have the licensed software updated from time to time and 

provide all possible assistance / help during the scanning/ digitization work. 
20. Time is the essence of contract and the bidder shall adhere to the time schedule, contracted 

page work and deadline as prescribed by the High Court for execution of the work. 
21. On the completion of the work, the bidder shall hand over the latest updated software and also 

the database to this Court, which shall become the property of High Court of Rajasthan for all 

intents and purposes. 
22. Copy of the application software and database design as may be developed by the bidder 

or its employees for and during execution of the work shall vest in High Court of 

Rajasthan and the bidder shall execute necessary documents for the same and also get 

an assignment from its employees, in favour of High Court. 
 

35.1 SLA adherence during Warranty and Support Services  
 
The following measurements and targets shall be used to track and report performance on a regular 

basis. The targets shown in the following tables are applicable for the entire duration of the Contract 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 33 of 71 

/ Project, failing which the selected bidder(s) is liable to be penalized: 

 

S. No. Type of Incident 
Target Resolution 

time 
Penalty 

1 
Any defect in all the 

items/work done or 

any of its part 

T+7 days No penalty 

> T+ 7 days 
Rs. 100 /- per day till the defect is 

rectified 

> T + 90 Days 

If the selected bidder(s) fails to 

rectify a defect within 90 days, 

RHC may proceed to take such 

remedial  action  as  may  be 

necessary, in addition to other 

recourses available in terms and 

conditions of the contract and 

bidding document 

 
Note: T is the time when user reports the defect with the all the items at the service support centre 
/ Resident Engineer (as per the contact address provided by the bidder) in person. 

 
35.2 Inspite of above Terms & Condition Rules of GF&AR-II and Rajasthan Transparency in Public 
 Procurement Act, 2012 and Rajasthan Transparency in Public Procurement Rules, 2013 would 
 be applicable. 

 
 
 
 

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 34 of 71 

Annexure-A 
 

Compliance with the Code of Integrity and No Conflict of Interest 

Any person participating in a procurement process shall -  
(a) not offer any bribe, reward or gift or any material benefit either directly or indirectly in 

exchange for an unfair advantage in procurement process or to otherwise influence the 

procurement process; 
(b) not misrepresent or omit that misleads or attempts to mislead so as to obtain a financial or 

other benefit or avoid an obligation; 
(c) not indulge in any collusion, Bid rigging or anti-competitive behavior to impair the 

transparency, fairness and progress of the procurement process; 
(d) not misuse any Information shared between the procuring Entity and the Bidders with an 

intent to gain unfair advantage in the procurement process; 
(e) not indulge in any coercion including impairing or harming or threatening to do the same, 

directly or indirectly, to any party or to its property to influence the procurement process; 
(f) not obstruct any investigation or audit of a procurement process; 
(g) disclose conflict of interest, if any; and 
(h) disclose any previous transgressions with any Entity in India or any other country during 

the last three years or any debarment by any other procuring entity. 

 

Conflict of Interest :- 
 The Bidder participating in a bidding process must not have a Conflict of Interest. A 

Conflict of Interest is considered to be a situation in which a party has interests that could 

improperly influence that party’s performance of official duties or responsibilities, contractual 

obligations, or compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 A bidder may be considered to be in Conflict of interest with one or more parties in 

an bidding process if, including but not limited to; 
(a) have controlling partners/shareholders in common; or 
(b) receive or have received any direct or indirect subsidy from any of them; or 
(c) have the same legal representative for purposes of the Bid; or 
(d) have a relationship with each other, directly or through common third parties, that puts them 

in a position to have access to information about or influence on the Bid of another Bidder, or 

influence the decisions of the Procuring Entity regarding the bidding process; or 
(e) the bidder participates in more than one Bid in abiding process. Participation by a Bidder in 

more than one Bid will result in the disqualification of all Bids in which the Bidder is 

involved. However, this does not limit the inclusion of the same subcontractor, not otherwise 

participating as a Bidder, in more than one Bid; or 
(f) the Bidder of any of its affiliates participated as a consultant in the preparation of the design 

or technical specifications of the Goods, Works or Services that are the subject of the Bid; or 
(g) Bidder or any of its affiliates has been hired (or is proposed to be hired) by the procuring 

Entity as engineer-in-charge/consultant for the contract. 
 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 35 of 71 

Annexure-B 

Declaration by The Bidder regarding Qualification 

Declaration by the Bidder 
 

 

In relation to my/our Bid submitted to ……………………………………….. for 

procurement/work of ……………………………… in response to their Notice Inviting Bid 

No. ……………. Dated……….……….. I/We hereby declare under Section 7 of Rajasthan 

Transparency in Public Procurement Act, 2012, that: 
 

1. I/We possess the necessary professional, technical, financial and managerial resources 
and competence required by the Bidding Document issued by the Procuring Entity; 
 

2.  I/We have fulfilled my/our obligation to pay such of the taxes payable to the Union and 
the State Government or any local authority as specified in the bidding document; 

 

3. I/We are not insolvent in receivership , bankrupt or being wound up, not have my/our 
affairs administered by a court or a judicial officer, not have my/our business activities 

suspended and not the subject of legal proceedings for any of the foregoing reasons; 
 

4. I/We do not have, and our directors and officers not have, been convicted of any criminal 
offence related to my/our professional conduct or the making of false statements or 

misrepresentations as to my/our qualifications to enter into a procurement contract within 

a period of three years preceding the commencement of this procurement process, or not 

have been otherwise disqualified pursuant to debarment proceedings; 
 

5. I/We do not have a conflict of interest as specified in the Act, Rules and Bidding 
Document, which materially affects fair competition; 

 

 

Date:      Signature of Bidder 
Place :      Name: 
      Designation: 
      Address:  

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 36 of 71 

Annexure-C 

Grievance Redressal during Procurement Process 

 

The designation and address of the Appellate Authority  
 

(1) Filling an appeal 
If any Bidder or prospective bidder is aggrieved that any decision, action or omission of 

the Procuring Entity is in contravention to the provisions of the Act or the Rules or the or 

the Guidelines issued there under, he may file an appeal to Appellate Authority, as 

specified in the Bidding Document within a period of ten days from the date of such 

decision or action, omission, as the case may be clearly giving the specific ground or 

grounds on which he feels aggrieved: 
 

Provided that after the declaration of a bidder as successful the appeal may be filed only 

by a Bidder who has participated in procurement proceedings:  
 

Provided further that in case a procuring Entity evaluates the Technical Bids before the 

opening of the financial Bids, an appeal related to the matter of Financial Bids may be 

filed only by a bidder whose technical bid is found to be acceptable. 
 

(2) The officer to whom an appeal is filed under Para (1) shall deal with the appeal as 
expeditiously as possible and shall endeavor to dispose it of within thirty days from the 

date of the appeal. 
 

(3) If the officer designated under Para(1) fails to dispose of the appeal filed within the period 
specified in Para(2), or if the Bidder or prospective bidder of the Procuring Entity is 

aggrieved by the order passed by the Appellate Authority, the Bidder or prospective 

bidder or the Procuring Entity, as the case may be.  
 

(4) Appeal not to lien in certain cases 
No appeal shall lie against any decision of the Procuring Entity relating to the following 

matters, namely:- 
(a) Determination of need of procurement; 
(b) Provisions limiting participation of Bidders in the Bid process; 
(c) The decision of whether or not to enter into negotiations; 
(d) Cancellation of a procurement process; 
(e) Applicability of the provisions of confidentiality 

 

(5) Form of Appeal 
(a) An appeal under Para(1) or (3) above shall be in the annexed Form along with as 

many copies as there are respondents in the appeal. 
(b) Every appeal shall be accompanied by an order appealed against, if any. Affidavit 

verifying the facts stated in the appeal and proof of payment of fee. 
 

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 37 of 71 

(6) Every appeal may be presented to Appellate Authority, as the case may be, in person or 
through registered post or authorized representative. Fee for Filling Appeal 
(a) Fee for filling appeal shall be rupees two thousand five hundred, which shall be non-

refundable. 
(b) The fee shall be paid in the form of ban demand draft of banker’s cheque of a 

Scheduled Bank in India payable in the name of Appellate Authority concerned. 
 

(7) Procedure for disposal of appeal 
(a) The Appellate Authority as the case may be, upon filing of appeal, shall issue notice 

accompanied by copy of appeal, affidavit and documents, if any, to the respondents 

and fix date of hearing. 
(b) On the date fixed for hearing, the Appellate Authority, as the case may be, shall,- 

(i)       Hear all the parties to appeal present before him; and 
(ii)     Peruse or inspect documents, relevant records or copies there of relating to the 

matter. 
(c) After hearing the parties, perusal or inspection of documents and relevant records or 

copies there of relating to the matter, the Appellate Authority concerned shall pass an 

order in writing and provide the copy of order to the parties to appeal free of cost. 
(d) The order passed under sub-clause(c) above shall also be placed on the State Public 

Procurement Portal. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 38 of 71 

Form No. – 1 
Memorandum of Appeal  

 (See sub-rule 1 of rule 83)  
Memorandum of Appeal under the Rajasthan Transparency in Public Procurement Act, 2012 

Appeal No ……………………………………...… of …………………………………………………… 

Before………………………………………………………………(Appellate Authority)  

1 Particulars of appellant: 

(i) Name and father's name of the appellant    :……………………………………………….. 

(ii) Official address                    :………………………………………..…….. 

   ………………………………………………………… 

(iii) Residential address      :…………………………………………….……….. 

   ……………………………………………….……….. 

 

2. Name and address of the respondent(s)  

(i) ……………………………………………………………………………………………..………….. 

(ii) …………………………………………………………………………..……………………………… 

(iii) …………………………………………………………………………..……………………………… 

3. Number and date of the order appealed against and name and designation of the officer / authority who 

passed the order, or a statement of a decision, action or omission of the procuring entity in contravention to 

the provisions of the Act by which the appellant is aggrieved  

      …………………………………………………………………………..………………………………………

……………….………………….. 

4. If the Appellant proposes to be represented by :…………………… ……….……………………… 

 a representative the name and postal address   ………………….………..…….…………………… 

 of the representative.         ………………………………………………….……….…………………… 

5. Number of affidavits and documents enclose with the appeal: 

6. Grounds of appeal:-

      …………………………………………………………………………..……………….…………… 

      ………………………………………………………………………………(Supported by an affidavit) 

7. Prayer       …………………………………………………………………………..……………………… 

…………………………………………………………………………..…………………….…………… 

 

Place …………………………………….  

Date ……………………………………  

  

 Appellant's Signature  

  

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 39 of 71 

 Annexure-D 
Additional Conditions of Contract 

1. Correction of arithmetic errors.-  
Provided that Financial Bid is substantially responsive, the Procuring Entity will correct 

arithmetical errors during evaluation of Financial Bids on the following basis, namely: -  
(a)  if there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by 

multiplying the unit price and quantity, the unit price shall prevail and the total price shall 

be corrected, unless in the opinion of the Procuring Entity there is an obvious 

misplacement of the decimal point in the unit price, in which case the total price as quoted 

shall govern and the unit price shall be corrected;  
(b)  if there is an error in a total corresponding to the addition or subtraction of subtotals, the 

subtotals shall prevail and the total shall be corrected; and  
(c)   if there is a discrepancy between words and figures, the amount in words shall prevail, 

unless the amount expressed in words is related to an arithmetic error, in which case the 

amount in figures shall prevail subject to (a) and (b) above. 
 If the Bidder that submitted the lowest evaluated Bid does not accept the correction of 

errors, its Bid shall be disqualified and its Bid Security shall be forfeited or its Bid 

Securing Declaration shall be executed. 
 

2. Procuring Entity’s Right to vary Quantities.-  
(a) At the time of award of contract, the quantity of Goods, works or service originally 

specified in the Bidding Document may be increased or decreased by a specified 

percentage, but such increase of decrease shall not exceed twenty percent, of the quantity 

specified in the Bidding Document. It shall be without any change n the unit prices or 

other terms and conditions of the Bid and the conditions of contract. 
(b) If the procuring Entity does not procure any subject matter of procurement or procures 

less than the quantity specified in the Bidding Document due to change in circumstances, 

the Bidder shall not be entitled for any claim or compensation except otherwise provided 

in the Conditions of Contract. 
(c) In case of procurement of Goods or services, additional quantity may be procured by 

placing a repeat order on the rates and conditions of the original order. However, the 

additional quantity shall not more than 50% of the value of Goods of the original 

contract. If the suppliers fails to do so, the Procuring Entity shall be free to arrange for 

the balance supply by limited bidding or otherwise and the extra cost incurred shall be 

recovered from the Supplier.  
 

3. Dividing quantities among more than one bidder at the time of award.-  
As a general rule all the quantities of the subject matter of procurement shall be procured 

from the bidder, whose Bid is accepted. However, when it is considered that the quantity 

of the subject matter of procurement to be procured is very large and it may not be in the 

capacity of the Bidder, whose Bid is accepted, to deliver the entire quantity or when it is 

considered that the subject matter of procurement to be procured is of critical and vital 

nature, then in such cases, the quantity may be divided between the Bidders, whose Bid 

is accepted and the second lowest Bidder or even more bidders in that order, in a fair, 

transparent and equitable manner at the rates of the Bidder, whose Bid is accepted. 
 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 40 of 71 

ANNEXURE-1: TECHNICAL CRITERIA 

Rajasthan High Court 

(Tender Notice HC/SK/2017-18/499, Dated 09.11.2017) 

TECHNICAL BID PROFORMA 

Part-I:  General Information 

S.No. Description Information to be furnished 

by the Bidder 

1 Description / Name of the Bidder  

2 Year of establishment / Incorporation  

3 Whether Proprietorship / Partnership / Limited / 

Company etc. 

 

4 Name of the Proprietor / Partner / Managing Director 

etc. 

 

5 Postal Address 

Contact Number (s) 

Fax 

E-mail  

 

6 Whether the Bidder has any office or Branch in 

Rajasthan. If so give details with complete address, 

contact bidder& Contact Number (s) 

 

7 Number of similar nature of works undertaken in the 

past with names of Institutions  

(Brief Description of work to be mentioned with work 

order & Satisfactory completion certificate of the 

competent authority) 

 

8 Details for single largest order for similar nature of 
work completed /executed during the preceding Three 

financial years (i.e. FY 2014-15 2015-16 and 2016-17)   

 

9 Turnover for the last three financial years: 

(a) 2014-15 

(b) 2015-16 

(c) 2016-17 

Year wise audited Balance sheet is required to be 

attached with relevant work orders. 

 

10 Details of the existing clients is required to be enclosed  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 41 of 71 

with this Performa in the following format: 

(a) Name of the Company / Organization / Office 

(b) Contact Bidder with contact number and e-mail  

(c) Contract Period  

Copy of the Work Order / Completion certificate is 

required to be enclosed. 

11 Whether the Bidder is executing or has Performed work 
of similar nature for other High Court (s) / Civil Court 

(s) and if Yes, give Details. 

 

12 Whether the Bidder is empanelled with a Government 
Undertaking / Government Organization / Public Sector 

Undertaking and if Yes, Give Details. 

 

13 Whether the Bidder has ever been black listed and if 

Yes, give Details. 

 

14 Whether any Criminal Case is Pending against the 

Bidder / others Partners / Directors / Agents / before 

any Court and if Yes, Give Details.  

 

15 The Bidder is required to furnish the following details 

with proof: 

(a) PAN Number  

(b) GSTIN Registration Number  

(c) Service Tax Registration No.  

 

16 Bankers Name and address (Solvency certificate is 

required to be attached) 

 

17 Income Tax returns of the Preceding Three financial 

years  (i.e. FY 2014-15, 2015-16 and 2016-17)  is 

required to be attached  

 

18 Any other Information which the Bidder considers 

appropriate is required to be furnished for the purpose 

of this Bids 

 

Date:            

        Authorized Signatory  

 

Place:       (Name & Designation) 

        Seal 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 42 of 71 

Rajasthan High Court 

(Tender Notice No. HC/SK/2017-18/499, Dated 09.11.2017) 

TECHNICAL BID PROFORMA 

Part-II:  Technical Details 

S.No. Description Information to be furnished 

by the Bidder 

1 Details with make and configuration of  Server (s) 

and OS the Bidder intends to install. 

 

2 Details and make of the Storage / SAN Server (s) 

the Bidder intends to install. 

 

3 Details of Computers, Hardware, Equipment, the 

Bidder intends to install. 

 

4 Details of Scanners (Make, Model, scanning, 

digitization speed, duty cycle and others features) 

the Bidder intends to install. 

 

5 Details of Networking proposed to be established 

by the Bidder 

 

6 Number of technical persons proposed to be 
engaged by the Bidder for scanning / digitization / 

storage / integrated retrieval  with details of their 

educational qualification, experience, functions 

etc. 

 

7 Number of non-technical persons proposed to be 

engaged by the Bidder for scanning / digitization / 

storage / integrated retrieval  with details of their 

educational qualification, experience, functions 

etc. 

 

8 Proposed output per day in terms of page to be 

scanned / digitized, indexed, stored and  retrieval 

 

9 Details of the Software (s) the Bidder proposes to 

use for Bar coding the case files scanning / 

digitizing /indexing, storage and integrated 

retrieval thereof 

 

10 Details of methodology with stage wise 

information about the processes, procedures and 

methods proposed to be employed by the Bidder 

and methods proposed to be employed by the 

bidder for providing a complete solution of the 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 43 of 71 

entire project with work flow chart. 

11 Risk analysis and its management for the project.  

12 Maintenance and technical support services the 

Bidder intends to provide. 

 

13 Process for handing over the scanned / digitized 
data to the High Court including data generated 

during the Bar coding process. 

 

14 The bid shall specify the following : 

(a) Technical Specification and quality Standards 

of the work to be accomplished; 

(b) Technical Specification of the equipments to 

be used for accomplishment of the work 

 

15 Bidder shall submit duly filled compliance along 
with screenshots for functionalities of proposed 

DMS as per specifications provided in RFP 

document 

 

16 Bidder shall provide details of IT infrastructure, it 
planning to deploy at High Court for purpose of 

deploying and running the proposed DMS. 

 

Note:  Hardware specifications for each piece of Hardware proposed to be used for 

scanning/digitizing/storage/integrated retrieval of Case files be provided on separate sheets. 

Specifications relevant for the purposes of scanning/digitizing/storage/integrated retrieval of Case 

files only are required to be provided. 

Date:       Authorized Signatory 

Place:       (Name & Designation) 

           Seal 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 44 of 71 

ANNEXURE-2: COMPONENTS OFFERED &WORK PLAN 
{Must be filled by the bidder} 

Ref.: NIT No: HC/SK / 2017-18/499            Dated :  09.11.2017 
 

(A) COMPONENTS OFFERED 

S.No. 
Product Details 

(make and model) 

Detailed Technical 
Specification 
Reference** 

OEM Details(Name, Address, E-

Mail, Mobile Nos.) 
 

1.     
 

** Please attach detailed specifications (preferably OEM Product Datasheet) and provide 

reference number in this column. (Deviations, if any, should be appropriately mentioned & 

highlighted in the compliance/ deviation column of the respective table as provided above in the 

Annexure-1 titled “Technical Specifications”) 

 

(B) Work Plan 

    Work Plan and Project Management Strategy for the entire period of the project: 

Months Activity 

1  

2  

3  

4  

5  

6  

7  

8  

9  

10  

11  

12  

(a) Indicate major risks factors and theirs mitigation plan at the start of progress reports and other 

benchmarks for each phase.  

(b) Indicate all main activities of the assignment, including, deliverables, progress reports and 

other benchmarks for each phase.        

(c) Duration of activities shall be indicated in the form of a bar chart / Gantt chart. 

 

Date: ____        Authorized Signatory 

Place:        (Name & Designation) 

             Seal 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 45 of 71 

Annexure-3 

High Court of Rajasthan 

(Tender Notice No. HC/SK/2017-18/499, Dated 09.11.2017) 

PRICE BID PROFORMA(BoQ) (on e-Proc website): 

Item Rate BoQ 
Tender Inviting Authority: Registrar General, Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
Name of Work:  Tenders for Scanning/Digitization and Document Management system for judicial records having approximately 
7,00,00,000 (7 Crore) Pages where 3.5 crore pages are in Principal Seat at Jodhpur and 3.5 crore pages in Bench at Jaipur 

Contract No:   HC/SK / 2017-18 / 499          Dated : 09.11.2017 

Bidder Name :   
PRICE SCHEDULE 
(This BOQ template must not be modified/replaced by the bidder and the same should be uploaded after filling the relevent 
columns, else the bidder is liable to be rejected for this tender. Bidders are allowed to enter the Bidder Name and Values only ) 
NUM
BER TEXT # NUMBER # TEXT # NUMBER NUMBER # NUMBER TEXT # 

Sl. 
No. Item Description 

No. of 
Pages Units 

Estimated 
Project Cost 

BASIC RATE In 
Figures To be 
entered by the Bidder  
(incl. all taxes)  

TOTAL 
AMOUNT  
(incl. all 
taxes) 

TOTAL 
AMOUNT  
In Words 

1 2 4 5 6 13 53 55 

1 Digitalization Work at RHC, 
Jodhpur & Jaipur Bench             

1.1 

Rate per page (including  
Infrastructure cost for deploying 
and running proposed DMS and all 
other expenses) 
(Approx. 3.5 Crore Pages at 
Jodhpur & Pages 3.5 Crore at 
Jaipur) 

01 Nos. 42905000.00   0.00 
INR Zero 
Only 

Quoted Rate in Words 
  INR Zero Only 

 
* The rates shall be filled up separately in given format on e-procurement portal with financial bid. 

* The total number of pages may increase or decrease. 

 

  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 46 of 71 

Annexure-4: FORMAT OF THE COVERING LETTER 
(The covering letter is to be submitted by the Bidder as a part of the RFP) 

 

Date: 
Place: 

 

Registrar General 
Rajasthan High Court, 
Jodhpur 

 

Dear Sir, 

 
                Sub: FOR SCANNING AND DIGITIZATION OF HIGH COURT RECORDS 
 

Please find enclosed 2 (two) copies (one original and one duplicate) of our “Request 
for Proposal” (RFP) in response to the issuance of RFP by RHC for Selection of a Bidder 
FOR SCANNING AND DIGITIZATION OF HIGH COURT RECORDS at Rajasthan 
High Court, Jodhpur and Bench Jaipur. We hereby confirm the following: 

 

• The RFP is being submitted by ………………………………… (Name of the Bidder) in 
accordance with the conditions stipulated in the RFP/RFP Documents.  

 
• We have examined in detail and have understood the terms and conditions stipulated in 

the RFP Document issued by Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur and in any subsequent 

corrigendum's sent by RHC. We agree and undertake to abide by all these terms and 

conditions. Our RFP is consistent with all the requirements of submission as stated in the 

RFP Document or in any of the subsequent corrigendum from Rajasthan High Court, 

Jodhpur 
 

• ………………………………………. (mention the name of the Bidder), satisfy the legal 
requirements laid down in the RFP Document. We as the Bidder designate Mr./Ms.  

 
………………… (mention name, designation, contact address, phone no., fax no., E-mail 

id, etc.), as our Authorized Representative and Signatory who is authorized to perform all 

tasks including, but not limited to providing information, responding to enquiries, 

entering into contractual commitments, etc. on behalf of us in respect of the project.  
 

• We affirm that this proposal shall remain valid for a period of ……………..[not less than 3 

(three) months] from the last date for submission of the RFP. RHC may solicit our 

consent for further extension of the period of validity.  

 

For and on behalf of 
 

Signature (with seal)  
(Authorized Representative/ 
Signatory) Name of the 
Person…………………….. 
Designation…………………
……………. (Kindly attach 
the authorization letter) 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 47 of 71 

ANNEXURE-5 “TENDER FORM” 
RAJASTHAN HIGH COURT, JODHPUR 

TENDER FORM FOR SCANNING AND DIGITIZATION OF HIGH COURT RECORDS 
 

No. HC/SK/2017-18/499                            Dated:  09.11.2017              

Addressed to : 

Name of the Tendering 

Authority 
Registrar General 

Address 
Rajasthan High Court, 

High Court Campus, Jodhpur, (Rajasthan) – 342001 

Telephone 0291-2541338, 2545516  

Tele Fax 0291-2546974 

Email 
 mailto:hc-rj@nic.in 

(clearly mention the NIT no. in the subject of the mail) 
 

Firm Details : 

Name of Firm   
  

Name   of   Contact   Person   with 

Designation 
   
  

Registered Office Address 
  
  

Address of the Firm 
  
  

Year of Establishment   
  Type of Firm  

(Public Limited/ Private Limited/ 

Partnership/ Proprietary) 
 

Telephone Number(s)     

Email Address/ Web Site 
Email

: 
  Web-Site:   

Fax No.    
Mobile Number   
Certification/Accreditation/Affiliatio

n, if Any 
  
  3) The requisite tender fee amounting to Rs. ________/- (Rupees <in words>) has been deposited vide 

DD/ BC/ receipt no. _______ dated ___________.  
 

4) The requisite RISL processing fee amounting to Rs. ________/- (Rupees <in words>) has been 
deposited vide DD/ BC_______ dated ___________.  
 

5) The requisite EMD amounting to Rs. ________/- (Rupees <in words>) has been deposited vide 
Banker’s Cheque/ DD No. ___________ dated ___________.  
 

6) We agree to abide by all the terms and conditions mentioned in this form issued by the Empanelment 
Authority and also the further conditions of the said notice given in the attached sheets (all the pages 

of which have been signed by us in token of acceptance of the terms mentioned therein along with 

stamp of the firm).  
 

Date: 
 

Name & Seal of the firm: ________________________ 
 
Authorized Signatory: ___________________________ 

mailto:
mailto:


 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 48 of 71 

ANNEXURE -6:  PROPOSAL FORMAT FOR ORGANIZATION 
 

Selection A: Organization Profile 
 

1. Name of the Organization: …………………………………………………………………….. 

 

2. Registered Address : …………………………………………………………………….. 

(Necessary fill Tel., Fax,    ……….……………………………..…………………………….. 

Email, Website, etc.)    ……………………….……………..…………………………….. 

  ……………………….……………..…………………………….. 

3. Legal Status:  
 

S.No. Particulars 
Registration 

No. 
Date 

1 Public Charitable Trust Act     

2 Society under Societies Registration Act     

3 Non-profit company under Indian Companies Act 19 56     

4 
Registration under Foreign Contribution  (Regulation) 

Act, 1976 
    

5 
  
  
  
  

Income tax registration:     

Under Section 12A     

-Under Section 80 G     

-Under Section 35 CCA     

Any other Section/ Registration     

 

4. Bank Details:  
Bank name Account No. Date of Opening Account 

    

 

 

5. Details of the Contact Person  
Name   : …………………………………………………………………….. 
Designation : …………………………………………………………………….. 
Contact No.  : …………………………………………………………………….. 
E-Mail:  

 : …………………………………………………………………….. 
7.  Members Associated with the Organization: 

 

S.No. Name Nationality 
Occupation/ 

qualification 

Position held 

in the 

organization 

Relationship 

with any other 

officer bearers 

(if any) 

Address 

       

       

       



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 49 of 71 

Section B: Operational Background 
 

1.  Project related to scanning and digitization or related services: 
 

S.No. 
 

Name of the 

programme 

Period 
 

No of 

outreach 
session per 

month 

Details of the 

Programme 
Total 

Budget 
Source of 

fund 
From To 

        

        

        

 

2. Staff Details (Kindly provide the details of 5 key positions in the organization) 
 

Name of Staff Position Qualification Working since 

    

    

    

 
3.  Any previous association/working experience with Govt. Sector? If yes,  please 

provide the details:   
4. Volume of Year wise Grant Received during the last 3 years (in different projects):  

 

5. Name of the Donors/Funders during the last 3 Years:  
 
Section C: Basic Documents required to be submitted along with the proposal for Evaluation 

 
• Copy of Trust Deed if registered under Trust Act.   
• Copy of Memorandum and Rules if registered under Society Registration Act.   
• Annual Report of last one year   
• Audited Accounts of last 3 Years.   
• Organizational Chart   
• Legal Status of the society-Copy of Registration Certificate   
• Copy of PAN/TAN Number   
• Copy of Latest Income Tax Return Filed   
• Any other document relevant to the proposal.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 50 of 71 

ANNEXURE- 7:  

 

BIDDER’S AUTHORIZATION CERTIFICATE  

{to be filled by the bidder} 
 

 

To, 
 
{Tendering Authority},    
 
______________________________, 
 
______________________________, 
 
I/ We {Name/ Designation}………………………………………. hereby declare/ certify that 

{Name/ Designation}……………………………………….. is hereby authorized to sign relevant 

documents on behalf of the company/ firm in dealing with Tender: HC/SK/2017-18/499   Dated :  

09.11.2017  
 
He/ She is also authorized to attend meetings & submit technical & commercial information/ 

clarifications as may be required by you in the course of processing the Bid. For the purpose of 

validation, his/ her verified signatures are as under. 
 
 
 

 
Thanking you, 
 

 

Name of the Bidder: - Verified Signature: 
 
Authorized Signatory: - 
 
Seal of the Organization: - 
 
 

Date: 
 

Place:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 51 of 71 

 
ANNEXURE-8: SELF-DECLARATION – NO BLACKLISTING  

(on Rs. 100/- Non-Judicial Stamp Paper) 
{to be filled by the bidder} 

 

 

To, 
{Tendering Authority}, 
 
______________________________, 
 
______________________________, 
 

 

In response to the Tender/ NIT: HC/SK / 2017-18 /499  Dated : 11.09.2017 for {Project Title}, as an 

Owner/ Partner/ Director of ________________________________________, I/ We hereby declare 

that presently our Company/ firm ___________________, at the time of bidding, is having 

unblemished record and is not declared ineligible for corrupt & fraudulent practices either 

indefinitely or for a particular period of time by any State/ Central government/ PSU/ UT. 
 

 

If this declaration is found to be incorrect then without prejudice to any other action that may be 

taken, my/ our security may be forfeited in full and our bid, to the extent accepted, may be cancelled. 
 

 

Thanking you, 
 

 

Name of the Bidder: - 
 
Authorized Signatory: - 
 
Seal of the Organization: - 
 
Date: 
 

Place: 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 52 of 71 

 
ANNEXURE- 9: CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMITY/ NO DEVIATION  

{to be filled by the bidder} 
 

 

To, 
 
{Tendering Authority}, 
 
______________________________, 
 
______________________________, 
 

 

NIT: HC/SK / 2017-18 /499  Dated : 11.09.2017 

 

CERTIFICATE 
 
This is to certify that, the specifications of Hardware & Software which I/ We have mentioned in the 

Technical bid, and which I/ We shall supply if I/ We am/ are awarded with the work, are in 

conformity with the minimum specifications of the Tender/ bidding document and that there are no 

deviations of any kind from the requirement specifications. 
 

 

Also, I/ we have thoroughly read the tender/ bidding document and by signing this certificate, we 

hereby submit our token of acceptance to all the tender terms & conditions without any deviations. 
 

 

I/ We also certify that the price I/ we have quoted is inclusive of all the cost factors involved in the 

end-to-end implementation and execution of the project, to meet the desired Standards set out in the 

Tender/ bidding Document. 
 

 

Thanking you, 
 

 

Name of the Bidder: - 
 
Authorized Signatory: - 
 
Seal of the Organization: - 
 
Date: 
 
Place: 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 53 of 71 

 ANNEXURE- 10: UNDERTAKING ON AUTHENTICITY OF ALL ITEMS and ALLIED 
EQUIPMENTS 

 
{to be filled by the bidder (On Rs. 100/- Non-judicial stamp paper)} 

 

 

To, 
 
{Tendering Authority}, 
 
______________________________, 
 

 

Reference: NIT: HC/SK / 2017-18 /499  Dated : 11.09.2017 

 

This has reference to the items being supplied/ quoted to you vide our bid ref. no. __________ 
dated___________. 
 

 

We hereby undertake that all the components/ parts/ assembly/ software used in the equipment shall 

be genuine, original and new components /parts/ assembly/ software from respective OEMs of the 

products and that no refurbished/ duplicate/ second hand components/ parts/ assembly/ software are 

being used or shall be used. In respect of licensed operating system, we undertake that the same shall 

be supplied along with the authorized license certificate with our name/logo. Also, that it shall be 

sourced from the authorized source for use in India. 
 

 

In case, we are found not complying with above at the time of delivery / during installation/during 

work period, for the equipment already billed, we agree to take back the equipment already supplied 

at our cost and return any amount paid to us by you in this regard and that you will have the right to 

forfeit our EMD/ SD/ PSD for this bid or debar/ black list us or take suitable action against us. 
 
 
 

 

Authorized Signatory 
 
Name: 
 
Designation: 
 

 

Note: The signing Authority should be no lower than Company Secretary of the OEM. 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 54 of 71 

 ANNEXURE-11: FINANCIAL BID UNDERTAKING                                                                              
{on bidders letterhead in technical bid} 

 
 
To, 
 
Registrar General, 
Rajasthan High Court, 
Jodhpur 
 
 
Reference: HC/SK / 2017-18 /499  Dated : 11.09.2017 
 

Dear Sir, 
 
We, the undersigned bidder, Having read & examined in detail, the Bidding Document, the receipt of 

which is hereby duly acknowledged, I/ we, the undersigned, offer to supply/ work as mentioned in 

the Scope of the work, Technical specifications, Service Level Standards & in conformity with the 

said bidding document for the same. 
 
I / We undertake that the prices are in conformity with the specifications prescribed. The quote/ price 

are inclusive of all cost likely to be incurred for executing this work. The prices are quoted as 

required in the price- bid given in Annexure-3. 
 
I / We undertake, if our bid is accepted, to perform the work of scanning and digitization in 

accordance with the work schedule specified in the schedule of Requirements. 
 
I/ We hereby declare that in case the contract is awarded to us, we shall submit the contract 

performance guarantee as prescribed in the bidding document. 
 
I / We agree to abide by this bid for a period of ______ after the last date fixed for bid submission 

and it shall remain binding upon us and may be accepted at any time before the expiry of that period. 
 
Until a formal contract is prepared and executed, this bid, together with your written acceptance 

thereof and your notification of award shall constitute a binding Contract between us. 
 
I/ We hereby declare that our bid is made in good faith, without collusion or fraud and the 

information contained in the bid is true and correct to the best of our knowledge and belief. 
 
We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any bid you may receive. 
 
We agree to all the terms & conditions as mentioned in the bidding document and submit that we 

have not submitted any deviations in this regard. 
 
Date: 
 
Authorized Signatory 
 
Name: 
 
Designation: 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 55 of 71 

 
ANNEXURE-12: MANUFACTURER’S AUTHORIZATION FORM (MAF)  

{to be filled by OEM’s authorized partner} 
 
To, 
 
Registrar General, 
Rajasthan High Court,  
Jodhpur 
 
 
Subject: Issue of the Manufacturer’s Authorization Form (MAF) 
 
Reference: HC/SK / 2017-18 /499  Dated : 11.09.2017 
 
 
Sir, 
 

1. We {name and address of the OEM} who are original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) do hereby 

authorize {M/s __________________________} who is our Authorized Channel Partner (if 

applicable) to bid, negotiate and conclude the contract with you against the aforementioned tender 

reference for the following Hardware/ Software item(s) manufactured by us:  

 

Ite

m 
No. 

Equipments Qty. Unit Period of 
Comprehensi

ve 
OEM 

Warranty 
(in yrs.) 

Period of end 

of sale 
(in months) 

Period of 
end of 
service 
(in yrs.) 

Period of back 

to back support 
(in yrs.) 

        

        

 

2. We undertake to provide Comprehensive OEM Warranty for the offered Hardware / Software for the 

period mentioned above.  
 

3. We undertake that the item/ items (equipment & software) being quoted is/ have not been and is/ are 

not likely to be declared end of sale for period mentioned above from the date of bid submission.  
 

4. We undertake that the item/ items (equipment & software) being quoted is/ have not been and is/ are 

not likely to be declared end of sale for period mentioned above from the date of bid submission.  
 

5. We undertake that Hardware/ Software offered by the bidder for back to back support, updates and 

patches for the period mentioned above.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For and on behalf of M/s (Name of the OEM) 
 

 

(Authorized Signatory) 
Name, Designation & Contact No.: 
 
Address: ___________________________________ 
 
Seal: 

 

Note: In case of more than one authorized partner please annex separate annexures as above. 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 56 of 71 

ANNEXURE-13: PERFORMANCE BANK GUARANTEE {to be submitted by the bidder’s 

bank} 

(To be submitted on Non-Judicial stamp paper accordance with Stamp Act and to be issued by a 

Nationalized/ Scheduled bank having its branch at Jodhpur) 
(Payable at par at Jodhpur) 

To, 

Registrar General, 
 
Rajasthan High Court, 

 
Jodhpur. 
 

1. In consideration of the Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur (RHC) (hereinafter called "RHC") having 

agreed to exempt M/s .......................... (hereinafter called "the said Contractor(s)" from the 

demand, under the terms and conditions of an Agreement No.................................. 

dated  ..................... made between the  Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur through Registrar General 

and ....................... (Contractor) for the work ................. (hereinafter called "the said Agreement") 

of Security Deposit for the due fulfillment by the said Contractor (s) of the terms and  conditions 

contained  in the said Agreement, on production of a Bank Guarantee for 

Rs...................(rupees ........................................ only), we ...................   (indicate the name of the 

Bank), (hereinafter referred to as "the Bank") at the request of ..................Contractor(s) do hereby 

undertake to pay to the Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur an amount not exceeding 

Rs...................(Rupees..................................only) on demand. 

2. We................. (Indicate the name of Bank), do hereby undertake to pay 

Rs.................... (Rupees............................only), the amounts due and payable under this guarantee 

without any demur or delay, merely on a demand from the RHC. Any such demand made on the 

bank by the RHC shall be conclusive as regards the amount due and payable by the Bank under 

this guarantee. The Bank Guarantee shall be completely at the disposal of the RHC and 

We....................... (Indicate the name of Bank), bound ourselves with all directions given by 

RHC regarding this Bank Guarantee. However, our liability under this guarantee shall be 

restricted to an amount not exceeding Rs......................(Rupees....................only). 

3. We....................... (indicate the name of Bank), undertake to pay to the RHC any money so 

demanded notwithstanding any dispute or disputes raised by the contractor(s) in any suit or 

proceeding pending before any Court or Tribunal or Arbitrator etc. relating thereto, our liability 

under these presents being absolute, unequivocal and unconditional. 

4. We..................... (indicate the name of Bank) further agree that the performance guarantee herein 

contained shall remain in full force and effective up to <DATE> and that it shall continue to be 

enforceable for above specified period till all the dues of RHC under or by virtue of the said 

Agreement have been fully paid and its claims satisfied or discharged or till the RHC certifies that 

the terms and conditions of the said Agreement have been fully and properly carried out by the 

said Contractor(s) and accordingly discharges this guarantee. 

5. We ........................... (indicate the name of Bank) further agree with the RHC that the RHC shall 

have the fullest liberty without our consent and without affecting in any manner our obligations 

hereunder to vary any of the terms and conditions of the said Agreement or to extend time of 

performance by the said Contractor(s) from time to time or to postpone for any time or from time 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 57 of 71 

to time any of the powers exercisable by the RHC against the said Contractor(s) and to forbear or 

enforce any of the RFP for selection of Vendor for supply of all items  throughout the State of 

Rajasthan (After Pre-Bid) terms and conditions relating to the said Agreement and we shall not be 

relieved from our liability by reason of any such variation, or extension being granted to the said 

Contractor(s) or for any forbearance, act or omission on the part of the RHC or any indulgence by 

the RHC to the said Contractor(s) or by any such matter or thing whatsoever which would but for 

this provision, have effect of so relieving us. 

6. The liability of us ............................. (indicate the name of Bank), under this guarantee will not be 

discharged due to the change in the constitution of the Bank or the contractor(s). 

7.  We .............................. (indicate the name of Bank), lastly undertake not to revoke this 

guarantee except with the previous consent of the RHC in writing. 

8.  This performance Guarantee shall remain valid and in full effect, until it is decided to be 

discharged by the RHC. Notwithstanding anything mentioned above, our liability against this 

guarantee is restricted to Rs........................... (Rupees..............................only). 

9.  It shall not be necessary for the RHC to proceed against the contractor before proceeding against 

the Bank and the guarantee herein contained shall be enforceable against the Bank 

notwithstanding any security which the RHC may have obtained or obtain from the contractor. 

10.  We .............................. (indicate the name of Bank) verify that we have a branch at Jodhpur. We 

undertake that this Bank Guarantee shall be payable at any of its branch at Jodhpur. If the last day 

of expiry of Bank Guarantee happens to be a holiday of the Bank, the Bank Guarantee shall expire 

on the close of the next working day. 

11.  We hereby confirm that we have the power(s) to issue this guarantee in your favor under the 

memorandum and articles of Association/constitution of our bank and the undersigned is/are the 

recipient of authority by express delegation of power(s) and has/have full power(s) to execute this 

guarantee for the power of attorney issued by the bank.  

Date ………………… (Signature) ………………………………………. 

Place ………………… (Printed Name) …………………………………. 

(Designation) …………………………………… 

(Bank’s common seal) …………………………. 

In presence of: 

WTTNESS (with full name, designation, address & official seal, if any) 

(1) ……………………………………………………………………………  

(2) ……………………………………………………………………………  

 

Bank Details 

Name & address of Bank: 

Name of contact person of Bank: 

Contact telephone number: 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 58 of 71 

 

GUIDELINES FOR SUBMISSION OF BANK GUARANTEE 

The Bank Guarantee shall fulfill the following conditions in the absence of which they cannot be 

considered valid: - 

 

1. Bank Guarantee shall be executed on non- judicial stamp paper of applicable value purchased 

in the name of the bank.  

2. Two persons should sign as witnesses mentioning their full name, designation, address and 

office seal (if any).  

3. The Executor (Bank Authorities) may mention the power of attorney No. and date of 

execution in his/ her favour authorizing him/ her to sign the document. The Power of 

Attorney to be witnessed by two persons mentioning their full name and address.  

4. The Bank Guarantee should be executed by a Nationalized Bank/ Scheduled Commercial 

Bank only.  

5. Non – Judicial stamp paper shall be used within 6 months from the date of Purchase of the 

same. Bank Guarantee executed on the non-judicial stamp paper after 6 (six) months of the 

purchase of such stamp paper shall be treated as non-valid.  

6. The contents of Bank Guarantee shall be strictly as per format prescribed by RHC 

7. Each page of Bank Guarantee shall bear signature and seal of the Bank and B.G. number.  

8. All corrections, deletions etc. in the Bank Guarantee should be authenticated by signature of 

Bank Officials signing the Bank Guarantee.  

9. Bank should separately send through registered post/courier a certified copy of Bank 

Guarantee, mentioning Bid reference, Bid title and bidder name, directly to the Purchaser at 

the following address: 

 

 

 

 

 

  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 59 of 71 

ANNEXURE-14: DRAFT AGREEMENT FORMAT 

(As per rules on Rs. 15,000/- Non-Judicial Stamp Paper) 

 
{to be signed by selected bidder(s) and tendering authority} 

 
An agreement made this______ (enter date of Agreement)__between__(enter your firm’s name & 

address)__(hereinafter called "the approved supplier/Performer of work", which expression shall, 

where the context so admits, be deemed to include his heirs, successors, executors and administrators 

of the one part and the RHC which expression shall, where the context so admits, be deemed to 

include his successors in office and assigns of the other part. 
 
Whereas the approved supplier has agreed with the RHC to supply to the Registrar General, 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur, Rajasthan on behalf of (enter name of client organization) to its 

various Offices as well as at its branch offices throughout Rajasthan, all those articles set forth in our 

Work Order No. 
 
_________ Dated __________ appended hereto in the manner set forth in the conditions of the 

bidding document and contract appended herewith and at the rates set forth in the said order. 

 

And whereas the approved supplier has deposited a sum of Rs.____________ in the form of: - 
 

a) Cash/  Bank  Draft  No./  Banker  Cheque/  Bank  Guarantee  No.____________________  
 
dated._________ valid upto _____________.  
 

b) Post Officer Savings Bank Pass Book duly hypothecated to the Departmental authority.  
 

c) National Savings Certificates / Defence Savings Certificates / Kisan Vikas Patras or any other script / 

instrument under National Saving Schemes for promotion of Small Savings, if the same can be 

pledged under the relevant rule. (The certificates being accepted at surrender value) as security for 

the due performance of the aforesaid agreement which has been formally transferred to RHC.  
 
Now these Presents witness: 
 

1) In consideration of the payment to be made by the RHC through cheque/ DD at the rates set forth in 

the Work Order hereto appended the approved supplier will duly supply the said articles set forth in 

our Work Order No.___________ dated ___/___/20___ thereof in the manner set forth in the NIT, 

Tender Form, Instructions to Bidders, Terms of Reference, General and Special Conditions of the 

Tender and Contract, Technical Bid and Financial Bid along with their enclosures. 
 
The NIT, Tender Form, Scope of Work, General and Special Terms & Conditions of the Tender and 

Contract, Technical Bid and Financial Bid along with their enclosures enclosed with the Tender 

Notice  No: HC/SK / 2017-18 /499  Dated : 11.09.2017 

2) and also appended to this agreement will be deemed to be taken as part of this agreement and are 

binding on the parties executing this agreement.  
 

3) Letter  Nos._______________  dated  __________  received  from  {bidder}  and  letter  Nos.  
 
_____________ Dated ____________ issued by the RHC. and appended to this agreement shall also 

form part of this agreement.  
 

4) The RHC do hereby agree that if the approved supplier shall duly supply the said articles in the 

manner aforesaid observe and keep the said terms and conditions, the RHC will through cheque/ DD 

pay or cause to be paid to the approved supplier at the time and the manner set forth in the said 

conditions, the amount payable for each and every consignment.  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 60 of 71 

 

 

5) The mode of payment will be as specified in this bidding document/ work order.  
The prescribed scope of work/ requirement of services and deployment of technical resources shall 

be effected and completed within the period as specified in the Work Order. 
 
In case of extension in the delivery period/ completion period with liquidated damages, the recovery 

shall be made on the basis of following percentages of value of stores/ works which the bidder has 

failed to supply or complete the work. 
 

No. Condition LD %* 

I. 
Delay up to one fourth period of the prescribed delivery period of the 
lot & completion of work 2.5 % 

II. 
Delay exceeding one fourth but not exceeding half of the prescribed period 
of  completion of work 5.0 % 

III. 
Delay exceeding half but not exceeding three fourth of the prescribed 
period of  completion of work 7.5 % 

IV. 
Delay exceeding three fourth of the prescribed period of completion of 
work 10.0 % 

 
i.    Fraction of a day in reckoning period of delay in supplies and completion of work shall be 

eliminated, if it is less than half a day.  
 
ii. The maximum amount of liquidated damages shall be 10% of the desired Lot.  
 
iii. *The percentage refers to the payment due for the associated milestone/lot.  
 
If the supplier requires an extension of time in completion of contractual work on account of 

occurrence of any hindrances, he shall apply in writing to the authority which had placed the supply 

order, for the same immediately on occurrence of the hindrance but not after the stipulated date of 

completion of supply. 
 
Delivery period may be extended with or without liquidated damages if the delay in the completion 

of work in on account of hindrances beyond the control of the bidder. 
 
Warranty/ Services shall be provided by the bidder as per terms and conditions of the RFP and 

Contract. 
 
All disputes arising out of this agreement and all questions relating to the interpretation of this 

agreement shall be decided by the RHC and the decision of the RHC shall be final. 
 
In witness whereof the parties here to have set their hands on the _____ day of_____ (Year). 
 
 
 
Signature with Seal of   the   Approved  Signature for and on behalf of  
 
supplier/ bidder  Registrar General, RHC, Jodhpur  
 
 
Designation: Designation: 
 
Date: Date: 
 
 
Witness No.1 Witness No.1 
 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 61 of 71 

 ANNEXURE – 15 :RTGS DETAILS OF FIRM (ON FIRM LETTER HEAD) 

(Must be filled) 

Dear Sir, 

 

We hereby confirm that we are willing to opt for payment to be received through RTGS / 

NEFT. The bank details duly confirm by bank, for receipt of payment against material 

supply/services,  miscellaneous dues. 

Bank Details 

1) Account No. : 

2) Type of Account : 

3) Bank Name : 

4) Branch Name & Address : 

5) Contact No. of the branch        : 

6) IFSC No. : 

7) PAN No.   :  

Communication Details 

1) Email ID   : 

2) Cell No.    : 

We authorize you to deduct necessary bank charges of NEFT/RTGS . 

We have  forwarded  a  soft  copy  of  the  above  details  to  hc-rj@nic.in on date   

Yours faithfully, 

 

 

 

 

(Signature & Name of auth. sign. with company/firm stamping) 

Bank Confirmation 

Certified that the furnished above bank details are correct as per our records. 

 

Bank's Stamp Authorized Signatory_     Date    

 

 

mailto:hc-rj@nic.in


 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 62 of 71 

Annexure -  "16" List of Necessary Required Document for Qualifying in Technical Bid 

सभी निविदादाता फरे्म उिके द्वारा  https://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in  साइट पर आिलाईि अपलोड ककये 
जािे िाले प्रत्येक दस्तािेज पर फर्मम की र्मोहर लगाकर हस्ताक्षर करत ेहुये पषृ्ठ सखं्या अकंकत करे। 
तत्पश्चात उसके अिरुूप ही स्िय ं के लेटर हेड पर िीचे िर्णमत सचूी को भर कर सलंग्ि करिा 
अनििायम है।  

S. 
NO. 

SPECIFICATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED 

MUST SPECIFY 

PAGE NUMBER 

WHERE 

RELEVANT 

DOCUMENT IS 

ATTACHED 
1 Bidder should be a Registered Company 

in India under Indian Companies Act, 

1956 or The Partnership Act,1932 or 

Proprietor firm since last 7 (Seven ) 

years. 
 

iii) i)Copy of Certificate of Incorporation    
iv) ii) List of Directors as per  Memorandum 

of Association / Articles of 

Association in case of registered 

company  
iii)Copy of the partnership deed in case 

of partnership  
   firm 
iv) Copy of registration of firm in case 

of Proprietorship firm. (Constitution 

of the firm, if the tenderer is not a sole 

proprietary concern) 
v) Copy of the shareholding pattern of 

the firm/company/sole proprietorship 

firm/partnership firm giving names of 

all Directors/Proprietors/Partners of 

the firm. 

v)  

2 The Bidder should have a registered 
number of  
i. GISTN/Sales Tax/GST where his 

business is located 
ii Service Tax 
iii. Income Tax / PAN / TIN number 

- Copies of relevant registration 

certificates 
- Valid GISTN clearance certificate upto 

date from the CTO of the circle 

concerned / PAN No 

 

3 Bidding firm / organization should 
possess a valid ISO 9001/ISO 27001 

certification 

Bidder to attach necessary documents  

4 The Bidder or its sister / parent / group 
organization should not have been 

blacklisted by any State / Central 

Government, any Public sector 

undertaking, Corporation, or any other 

Autonomous organization of Central or 

State Government at present or during 

anytime in past.. 

Bidder to submit an affidavit on stamp 

paper in this regard that it is in 

compliance with the clause. 

 

5 Bidder should be a profit making firm 
with positive net worth and shall have an 

Average Annual Turnover of at least Rs. 

15 Crore per year in the last four Audited 

Financial years. 
 

Relevant pages of  Audited Balance sheet 

& Profit loss account for the last three 

financial years 
Or 
Certificate  to this effect  showing profit 

and  turnover issued by Company’s 

statutory Auditors (Chartered 

Accountant) 

 

6 The Bidder must be a profit making 
company in each of the last three 

Relevant pages of  Audited Balance sheet 

& Profit loss account for the last three 

 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 63 of 71 

financial years ending 31st March 2017 

as evidenced by the audited accounts of 

the company 

financial years 
Or 
Certificate  to this effect  showing profit 

and  turnover issued by Company’s 

statutory Auditors (Chartered 

Accountant) 
7 The Bidder should have a positive net 

worth for the last three financial years 

ending 31st March 2017 as evidenced by 

the audited accounts of the company. Net 

worth is defined as sum of shareholders 

capital and Reserves & Surplus 

Audited financial statement or C.A. 

certificate 
 

8 DMS experience credentials: 

iii) Bidder / Authorized service provider 
should have experience of deploying 

proposed version of DMS in Indian 

Judiciary  

iv) Bidder / Authorized Service provider 
should have experience of deploying 

latest version of proposed DMS in 

Central / State Govt. / PSU / 

Educational Institute having at least 2 

crore pages stored in it on open 

internet for access of unlimited users.  

 

Relevant documents satisfying 

requirement should be submitted 
 

 

Documents satisfying given requirement 

along with internet URL of DMS 

instance to be shared. Rajasthan High 

Court may like to assess the performance 

of deployed solution independently. 

 

9 The Bidder must  have done  digitization 
and Scanning work in at least 5 Indian 

Govt. Organizations and having into  this 

business for last 5 years in India 

Relevant documents  

10 The Bidder should have experience 
working in Central/ State/ any Govt. 

Organization and having experience of 

implementing software in at least 7 

separate Govt. Accounts  
 

Purchase Orders  

11 OEM of proposed software or one of the 
core development partner of proposed 

solution should be CMMI Level 5 

Necessary documents to be produced  

12 Proposed solution should be an open 
source Document Management solution 

which is developed using above 

mentioned stack and its source code 

should be available on open internet for 

download and customization by anyone 

without any kind of restriction. Source 

code of base platform of proposed DMS 

should not be owned or controlled by any 

individual profit making organization. It 

should be strictly managed by a 

community and not for profit 

organization. 
 

DMS should be platform independent. It 

should be compatible with cross 

platforms. Bidder needs to ensure that 

proposed solution runs successfully on 

Linux and Windows Servers. Bidder need 

to produce references of customers in 

Central / State / PSUs / Educational sector 

where proposed solution is running. 

Necessary documents to be produced  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 64 of 71 

13 Bidder should be an authorized service 
provider for proposed application in India 

since last three years or should have 

support letter from authorized service 

provider for ensuring assured support for 

application. 

  

14 Bidder should have executed  software 
development work  at least  
INR 1 crore from Govt. / PSU / State / 

Central etc. in last 2 years. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

15 Bidder should be empanelled in any Govt. 
Agency in India for IT services  

  

Note: -1 mDr of.kZr Annexure-16 ds vfrfjDr lHkh QeksZ dkss fufonk izi= esa n’kkZbZ xbZ leLr fu;e ,oa 

'krksZ ls lgefr ckcr fufonk ds izR;sd i`"B ij ¼1 ls 71½ ij gLrk{kj e; eksgj dj vko’;d :Ik 

ls layXu djuk gksxkA 

Note: -2 psd fyLV ugh Hkjus dh fLFkfr esa fufonk ij fopkj ugh fd;k tk;sxk] ftldh tokcnsgh Lo;a QeZ 

dh gksxhA  

Note: -3 - fufonknkrk QeZ }kjk mijksDr psd fyLV esa of.kZr lHkh nLrkost dh ewy izfr a fnukad 12.12.2017 

dks nksigj 02:00 cts rd vko’;d :Ik ls tek djkosaA 

16 Fee Document 

Fee Details   

Tender Fee 
Scanned  copy  of  Fee  

Receipt  /  DD/ Banker’s 
Cheque 

RISL Processing Fee 
Scanned copy of DD/ 

Banker’s Cheque 
EMD (2% of estimated cost) 
 

Scanned copy of DD/ 
Banker’s Cheque 

17 RTGS Details of Firm on letterheads as per Annexure-15 

18 Document Required 

Pre-Qualification & Technical 
Documents 

Document Format 

Technical Criteria as per Annexure-1 
Component offered & work plan as per Annexure-2(A)&(B) 
Covering Letter – Technical Bid 
On bidder’s letter head duly signed by 
authorized signatory  

as per Annexure-4 

Tender Form as per Annexure-5 
Proposal Format for Organization as per Annexure-6 
Bidder Authorisation Certificate as per Annexure-7 
Self Declaration "No Blacklisting" as per Annexure-8 
Certificate of Conformity/No deviation as per Annexure-9 
Undertaking on Authenticity as per Annexure-10 
Financial Bid undertaking (on bidders 
letterhead in technical bid) 

as per Annexure-11 

Manufacturer’s Authorization 
Form(MAF) 

as per Annexure-12 

Performance Bank Guarantee (PBG) as per Annexure-13 
Draft Agreement Format as per Annexure-14 
List of necessary required documents 
from Bidder for qualifying in Technical 
BID 

as per Annexure-16 

Compliances as to functional 
specifications for DMS 

as per Annexure-17 

19 Complete BID Doucment (Page 1 to 71) with Seal & Sign of Competent Authority 



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 65 of 71 

ANNEXURE – 17: COMPLIANCES AS TO FUNCTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS FOR 

DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT SOLUTION 

Sr. 

No. 
Requirements 

Compliance 
(Yes / No) 

Bidder 

Remarks 

 Architecture     

1 Document Management Solution is capable of being deployed both in 
centralized as well as in decentralized deployment model. The software 

solution should be on Web-Based Technology and capable of functioning over 

the Intranet, Virtual Private Network, and Internet. Solution should be built on 

technology which is capable of running on Ubuntu server. 

  

2 Integrated Document Management Solution should be purely web based   

3 Integrated Document Management Solution should support multiple file 
formats i.e. PDF, MS Office, Audio/Video etc. 

  

4 Integrated Document Management Solution supports leading Commercial and 
open source RDBMS i.e. Oracle, PostgreSQL etc. 

  

5 Integrated Document Management Solution supports bulk import & export of 
data as XML and CSV format. 

  

6 Integrated Document Management Solution has provision for defining and 
importing Thesaurus dictionary. 

  

7 Huge files digital content should be stored in file servers (FTP Server) for 
efficient streaming and access. 

  

8 Should store metadata in RDBMS and electronic content on file system 
(SAN/NAS). 

  

9 Should provide a single unified platform for both paper & electronic records.   

10 Should have browser based data backup module for regular backup of data   

11 Proposed solution provides context sensitive 'Help' Operation.   

12 Proposed solution should have approval mechanism before publishing any 
content on solution 

  

13 It should be possible to send advance alerts to users, if DMS is required to be 
shut down in planned manner 

  

14 Software has provision of adding metadata without Images/contents in DMS 
and same should be searchable in the software. 

  

15 Solution from OEM having industry standard certification like CMMI 5 should 
be preferred 

  

16 Should have provision of caching for faster search results   

17 Software should be mobile friendly and should have ready interface for mobile 
devices 

  

18 As per guidelines of GoI, proposed software should be bi-lingual and should be 
available in Hindi Language as well. 

  

19 Proposed solution should come with open RestAPIs or SopAPIs for enabling 
integration of solution with High Court’s Case Information System for pushing 

and pulling the information between two systems. 

  

20 Bidder need to implement proposed solution at two locations in parallel i.e. 
bidder need to deploy proposed solution in its servers and will upload digitized 

data on its software instance. 

Approved data uploaded on bidder’s system should get replicated on High 

Court’s system automatically. 

  

21 It should be possible to deploy the proposed solution on individual servers of 
each district court and data from each district court should be searchable 

through DMS instances running in other district courts. 

  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 66 of 71 

 Search   

22 Provide searching facilities based upon: Any metadata field (content, author, 
source, keywords, etc.). 

  

23 Provide search based on actual content of the Document & Records (Free Text 
Search) 

  

24 Software has inbuilt Thesaurus, for purpose of providing intelligent search. 
Provide Thesaurus based Search. 

  

25 Complex and multiple criteria based Boolean search.   

26 Should have provision of sorting the results based on relevance, submission 
date etc. 

  

27 Should have provision of defining number of search result required on page by 
any end user. 

  

28 Should have full text search facility on industry standard engines like ‘solr’, 
lucen etc. 

  

29 It should be possible for user to search a record in combination of full text 
search and metadata. 

  

30 Software should have faceted search mechanism, which breaks up search 
results into multiple categories, typically showing counts for each, and allows 

the user to "drill down" or further restrict their search results based on those 

facets. Software should also have facility of ‘Search within Search’. 

  

31 For making solution more user friendly and easy to use, proposed software 
should have feature of predictive search i.e. software should provide 

suggestion when user start keying the alphabets in certain fields for search.  

  

32 Software should provide advance search options like Date Range Search, 
Proximity search, Fuzzy Text search  

  

33 Time Period based search: Proposed software should have facility of picking 
start date and end date using drop down calendar for making search on a 

defined time period 

  

34 For ease of use, proposed solution should highlight searched term in metadata 
in search results.  
It should highlight the PDF file in searched case file where searched term 

occurs. Followed by it, when user open PDF files from searched case file, 

searched term should get highlighted in the text of PDF file automatically. 

  

35 Bidder need to ensure that proposed solution should get integrated with leading 
internet search engine. So that user making search on open internet should be 

able to get relevant information from High Court’s case repository in open 

internet search results. 

  

36 Search should be available in both English and Hindi languages   

 Metadata   

37 Integrated Document Management Solution should have no limitation on 
defining custom metadata fields. 

  

38 Should have extensive meta-data creation using comprehensive data entry 
templates. 

  

39 Integrated Document Management Solution supports associating metadata both 
to records and folders. 

  

40 Metadata should support Dublin Core, MARC21 standards.   

41 Server allowing harvesting of Metadata through OAI-PMH (Open archives 
initiative protocol for metadata) 

  

42 It should be possible to control vocabulary for purpose of adding keywords. 
User should get option of entering keywords from predefined vocabulary 

  

43 Software should have provision of making metadata entry in both English and   



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 67 of 71 

Hindi language simultaneously  

 Security & Access Control   

44 Institutional archives both Open access and restricted access should be created 
from a single interface 

  

45 Allowing creation of Users, and User groups.   

46 Provision for multi-level security access for different access categories.   

47 Supports the movement of users between organizational units whereby their 
job roles and/or their access rights may change. The System has within it the 

concepts of job roles, and staff occupying those posts. In addition, the DMS 

must allow the definition of user roles, and must allow one or more users to be 

associated with each role. 

  

48 Provide Access Control based secure access providing View Document & 
Records, View Metadata, Update Document & Records, Update Record 

Metadata, Modify Record Access; Destroy Record should be configurable by 

the administrator. 

  

49 Allows Multiple User Access levels and Authorization of Users depending on 
Roles 

  

50 Software should have secured authentication method.   

51 It should be possible for users to register itself in DMS and also it should be 
possible for administrator for creating users in system 

  

52 It should be possible for system administrator to define group admin or cabinet 
level admins in system 

  

53 It should be possible to provide access rights to users on Item Metadata, 
Metadata & Files both and completely making private item i.e. neither 

metadata nor files should be searchable or visible to unauthorized users 

  

54 There should be provision of putting documents access request by users not 
having access rights on digitized files of a particular file and authorized users 

should be able to grant or deny such access request. 

  

 Rule based Document Security for classified files   

55 It should be possible for authorized users to define time based security rules for 
certain case files i.e. while uploading case files in the system, user should get 

option of defining access restriction time period on uploaded file and after 

given time period restriction, case file should become accessible to authorized 

users as per access rights given on complete cabinet / folder. Necessary 

screenshots explaining this process in software should be provided. 

  

56 It should be possible to put such security on uploaded files or both on file and 
corresponding metadata 

  

57 It should be possible to define whether rule is applied only for external public 
and not for internal staff of court or for certain group of High court as well. 

  

 Content Viewer   

 Document Viewer   

58 Proposed DMS should come with inbuilt viewer for viewing the PDF files 
using browsers on multiple platforms i.e. laptop / mobile / tablet etc. Viewer 

should support multiple rendering technologies i.e. flash and HTML5 for easy 

display of contents on new and old browsers.  

  

59 Viewer should be intelligent enough to understand browser’s technology and 
display the document in best suited technology 

  

60 It should be possible for users to make full text search on OCRed documents in 
viewer 

  

61 Proposed solution should have basic accessibility features like zoom in / out, 
go to page etc. functionality 

  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 68 of 71 

62 Solution should be capable of displaying document without providing option 
of downloading the document on multiple platforms like Windows, Linux, 

Android, Apple etc. 

  

 Rich Media Content Streaming / Viewing   

63 Proposed solution will act as central content repository for past and future 
contents. In future, High Court may also receive some contents in Audio / 

Visual form. Hence it proposed solution should also support server based 

viewing and streaming of Rich media contents. Solution to support following 

specifications 

  

64 Support video formats like: HLS, MP4, WebM and OGG   

65 Bitrate switching: Automatic and/or manual switching to the most suitable 
video quality. 

  

66 Should be deployable on multiple server platforms like RHEL, Ubuntu, 
Windows server etc. 

  

67 Support Flash and HTML5 based browsers   

68 Compatible with multiple devices like Laptops, Tablets, Mobile etc.   

69 Internet URL of solution implemented / maintained by Bidder / authorized 
service provider demonstrating live implementation of proposed viewer 

  

 File View   

70 Proposed viewer module should have option of showing each PDF / video file 
attached with a case file in individual form. 

  

71 Proposed DMS should also provide option of showing all attachments i.e. 
PDF/Video in a single window mode, where names of PDF/Video can appear 

as bookmarks on left hand side of window and user can click on each of hyper 

link and corresponding file should open in document window. 

  

72 Viewer should be able to show PDF, Audio, Video files in same window and 
there should be no need of opening different windows for different file 

formats. 

  

73 All files should be displayed within browser and should not allow users to 
download it on the local desktop 

  

74 If one / multiple attachments in a case file are restricted for access then File 
view shall also restrict the access of such attachment. 

  

75 Bidder should submit live internet URL of solution implemented by it / 
authorized service provider showing functional state of this module with 

proposed version of Document Management System. 

  

 Browser based batch data upload tool   

76 It should be possible to upload metadata and digitized files using browser 
based batch data uploading mechanism 

  

77 Module should be part of proposed DMS and should be accessible in software. 
There should not be the requirement of accessing this module as an external 

module (outside the core application) 

  

78 Since there is possibility of change in indexing parameters in future, there 
should be no need of doing any kind of code customization even if there is 

change in indexing parameters 
(Approach for achieving this requirement should be detailed in compliance.) 

  

79 Proposed module should have easy process for batch uploading of data i.e. it 
should be possible to attach metadata and corresponding digitized file as single 

file in module and rest of activities should be performed automatically by 

software. 

  

80 Proposed module should have provision of validating the data structure before 
initiating upload in repository. 

  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 69 of 71 

81 Proposed module should be intelligent enough to determine whether content 
getting uploaded in a particular section should go in quality control workflow 

or it should get published directly for public access. 

  

82 Bidder should submit atleast one live internet URL of solution implemented by 
it / authorized service provider supporting bidder demonstrating functional 

state of this module. 

  

 Reports   

 Productivity Report   

83 It should be possible for authorized users to track productivity in DMS  
1. Based on date range / day / month 
2. Based on storage area i.e. single or multiple storage cabinets 

3. Report should be comprehensive and should provide information like 
4. Date for content submission 
5. Cabinet, Sub Cabinet and Folder where contents are stored 
6. Title of content uploaded 
7. Number of pages in particular file 
8. Name of user uploaded content in system 

  

84 Report should also provide graphical representation of volume of contents by 
date for showing trend. 

  

85 It should be possible for authorized users to export this report in form of Excel, 
PDF or as CSV. 

  

86 For ease of use, it should be possible for user to search on any given term 
within populated report. 

  

 Audit Report   

87 Provide a detailed and searchable system audit trail / logs.   

88 Track and record information about events in the audit trail without manual 
intervention, once the audit trail facility has been activated. 

  

89 Analytics: Provides Analytic reports/summary on use of various records basis 
geographical location of users, month, city, country etc. for helping HIGH 

COURT to understand user interest and future enhancement of repository 

  

90 Should have search query statistics for analyzing need of particular type of 
records. 

  

 Analytics for identifying repository usage   

91 Software should have provision of real time analytics showing trending 
searches, most viewed items, and most visited portions of repository. 

  

92 It should also represent data in pictorial form i.e. dynamic graphs   

93 There should be option of filtering data based on pre-defined time ranges e.g. 
Week, Month, Year etc. 

  

 Key Points of Solution   

94 There should be provision for making a record available to user without login 
in the system (Limited access) 

  

95 As per guidelines of GoI, proposed software should be bi-lingual and should be 
available in Hindi Language as well. 

  

96 Software should have option of applying multiple themes for the interface.   

97 Department should be able to customize the interface of proposed solution as 
per its requirement. Bidder need to submit multiple designs of interface. 

  

98 Proposed solution should come with open RestAPIs or SopAPIs for enabling 
integration of solution with High Court’s Case Information System for pushing 

and pulling the information between two systems. It should have provision of 

integration with existing copying program of Rajasthan High Court for issuing 

  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 70 of 71 

certified copies of scanned documents. Bidder to submit necessary 

documentation in this regard 

99 It should be possible to customize the look and feel of each work area of DMS 
in separate manner. i.e. each work area should have separate theme. 

  

100 Should provide software solution’s performance benchmarking tool along with 
proposed DMS 

  

101 Software should have facility of website like browsing for creating user 
friendly interface. 

  

102 Proposed system should have adaptive viewer which should be compatible 
with old system on flash and new systems on HTML5 platform. Specifications 

provided above must be adhered. 

  

103 Proposed solution should be capable of hosting audio / video contents and 
should do server based viewing and content streaming as well as per 

specifications provided above. 

  

104 Software has inbuilt Thesaurus, for purpose of providing intelligent search. 
Provide Thesaurus based Search. 

  

105 Proposed software should have facility of picking start date and end date using 
drop down calendar for making search on a defined time period 

  

106 For ease of use, proposed solution should highlight searched term in metadata 
in search results. 
It should highlight the PDF file in searched case file where searched term 

occurs. Followed by it, when user open PDF files from searched case file, 

searched term should get highlighted in the text of PDF file automatically. 

  

107 Bidder need to ensure that proposed solution should get integrated with leading 
internet search engine. So that user making search on open internet should be 

able to get relevant information from High Court’s case repository in open 

internet search results. 

  

108 Proposed DMS has well established online support system in terms of Forums 
/ Blogs in order to provide independence to Bidder for taking support at any 

time. Bidder should provide link for such forum/blog in compliance. This is a 

must condition from support perspective. 

  

109 The offered DMS has open data portability and should have ready API SDK 
for enabling Archive to integrate DMS with any other application in future. 

Same need to be demonstrated during demonstration. 
 

Bidder to provide URL of Open APIs available on open internet, which should 

be accessible directly by user without any prior permission from OEM of 

proposed DMS. 

  

110 Proposed solution should have approval mechanism before publishing any 
content on solution 

  

111 Solution offering delivery of source code of solution to HIGH COURT and 
having no restriction on user licenses should be preferred 

  

112 Allows Versioning - Users can upload multiple versions of the same file   

113 It should be possible for High court to have unique URI for each case file so 
that high court officials can share  

  

114 Should have full text search facility and same should be built using ‘lucene’ , 
solr which makes it very easy for anybody to find any item within a very short 

span of time. 

  

115 It should be possible for user to search a record in combination of full text 
search and metadata. 

  

116 Ease Of Access: The level of effort required in order finding, organizing access 
to use it is very minimal by using various Browse options. 

  



 

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur 
 

Phone No. 0291-2541338, 2545516 Fax No. 0291-2546974, Pin Code – 342001, Email – hc-rj@nic.in 
 

 

RFP for selection of Vendor                                                                                                                 Page 71 of 71 

117 Faster Search & Retrieval: Users can search for any item via a single field 
interface i.e. by inserting value in Google like single field; DMS should 

provide search results from full text, metadata fields and storage hierarchy.  

  

118 An Advanced Search option giving multiple fields search is also required.   

119 Software should provide advance search options like Date Range Search, 
Proximity search, Fuzzy Text search 

  

120 Hierarchy to manage contents (i.e. Primary Cabinet Level, Sub Cabinet, 
Folder, and Items) 

  

121 It should be possible for authorized users to define time based security rules for 
certain case files i.e. while uploading case files in the system, user should get 

option of defining access restriction time period on uploaded file and after 

given time period restriction, case file should become accessible to authorized 

users as per access rights given on complete cabinet / folder. Necessary 

screenshots explaining this process in software should be provided. 

  

122 Proposed Software should store the uploaded files at backend in such manner 
that it should be possible for Archives to port this data in any other system 

without using DMS or any of its components like export tool. 

  

123 Bidder need to implement proposed solution at two locations in parallel i.e. 
bidder need to deploy proposed solution in its servers and will upload digitized 

data on its software instance. 
Approved data uploaded on bidder’s system should get replicated on High 

Court’s system automatically. 

  

124 It should be possible to implement solution in high availability mode in order 
to ensure business continuity. Bidder should implement solution at HIGH 

COURT in high availability mode. 

  

125 In order to ensure continuous and smooth support for proposed software, 
bidder need to have proven capability for supporting the solution and should 

produce necessary documentary evidence in this regard i.e. certified resources / 

organization level certification etc. or else bidder may obtain support from 

service provider for proposed software in India 

  

126 It should be possible to define required indexing fields in software for 
performing necessary indexing of case files. Also software should have 

provision for database look up for ensuring that fields having pre-defined 

values should not get values out of look up table. For example fields like 

Hon’ble Justice, Bench etc. should get value from look up table only. This is to 

ensure accuracy and uniformity of values in indexing fields. 

  

127 Proposed solution should have at least 10 live references in Central / State 
Govt. / PSUs / Autonomous bodies in India. Bidder to produce live Internet 

URLs of these references, which can be validated by High Court committee 

directly on open internet. 

  

 Dash Board   

128 Following details would be displayed in the Dash Board which would be 
accessible from the Bidder and High Court user credentials only- 
1. Number of inward files for the day 
2. Total files in the pre-scanning stage 
3. Total files in the scanning stage 
4. Total files in the post scanning stage 
5. Total meta data created 
6. Number of rejections in the day 
7. Number of files outwarded in the day 
8. Overall process summary for the period (Day / Week /Month / Quarter) 

  

 


