






























































 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 1 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SUPPLY, INSTALLATION AND COMMISSIONING 

OF NETWORKING SOLUTION AT GSRTC 
 
 
 
 
 
 

REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL 
 

Reference No: STG / EDP / NETWORKING/103 
DATED 14.02.2018. 

 
 
 
 
 

 
GUJARAT STATE ROAD TRANSPORT CORPORATION 

CENTRAL OFFICE, CENTRAL WORKSHOP COMPOUND, NARODA 
PATIA, 

AHMEDABAD 
Website: http://www.gsrtc.in 

Tel No. 079-22801271; Fax 079-22803065 

http://www.gsrtc.in/


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 2 

 

 

 
SCHEDULE TENDER NOTICE 

E-TENDER No: STG/EDP/NETWORKING/103 

Item description Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Locations Central Office, Nr RANIP BUS PORT, GSRTC, Ahmedabad 
Contract period 3 years warranty 
Bid Validity 180 days 

 
 
 
Tender fee(non- refundable) 

Rs. 5000+900 (GST@18% on Tender Fee/-)  in  
the  form  of  Demand  Draft  (DD) issued by 
nationalized bank / scheduled bank in favor of 
“GSRTC Collection Account” Payable at 
Ahmedabad. Combined single draft of Rs. 5900/- is 
also accepted. 

Earnest Money Deposit(EMD- 
Refundable) 

Rs. 5 , 0 0 , 0 0 0 / - in the form of Demand Draft 
(DD)  issued by nationalized bank / scheduled bank 
OR in the form of Bank Guarantee in  favor of 
“GSRTC Collection Account”  Payable at 
Ahmedabad. 

E- Tendering Website details https://www.nprocure.com 
Tender Floating Date 14.02.2018 
Last Date & Time of queries 
submission 17.02.2018  18:00 HRS 

Issue of Clarification 19.02.2018 
Last Date & Time of online Bid 
submission.   26.02.2018 18:00 HRS 

Last Date & Time of physical 
submission of Tender Fee, EMD & 
all necessary documents. 

26.02.2018 18:00 HRS 

Date & Time for on-line opening 
of Technical Bid 27.02.2018  12:00 HRS 

Date & time for on-line opening of 
Financial Bid. 28.02.2018   12:00 HRS 

 

 
 

GSRTC reserves its right to reject any or all tenders or split the job between more than 

one bidder without assigning any reason thereof. 

https://www.nprocure.com/


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 3 

 

 

 
Definitions 

 
Request for Proposal (RFP) – Formal procurement document in which a service or need 

is identified, but no specific method to achieve it has been chosen. The purpose of an 

RFP is to permit the consultant community to suggest various approaches to meet the 

need at a given price. 
 

Addendum – An addendum is issued when supplemental information has been added to 

the RFP since its original posting. 
 

Amendment -An amendment is issued when information in the RFP has been changed 

since its original posting. 
 

GSRTC – Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation. 
 
 

GOG -Government of Gujarat. 
 
 

Bid- A formal offer submitted in response to this RFP. 
 
 

Bidder- Individual or Company (firm, state agency, etc.) submitting a proposal in order t 

attain a contract with GSRTC. 
 

Contract- Individual or company whose proposal has been accepted by GSRTC and is 

awarded a fully executed written contract. 
 

Letter of Intent- The letter issued by GSRTC issued to the successful bidder intimating 

the acceptance of bidder’s bid and intimating desire of GSRTC to award work order to 

that bidder. 
 

Proposal- A formal offer submitted in response to this solicitation. 
 
 

Service-level  Agreement  (SLA)-  A  service  contract  where  the  level  of  service  is 

formally defined. 

 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 4 

 

 

Eligibility Criteria 
 

Sr.No. Eligibility Criteria Supporting document (should be notary 
  
 

A 

Bidder shall be either Original Equipment Manufacture 
or shall be Authorized System Integrator Partner 
having direct purchase and quoted for this tender. (MAF is 
mandatory for all quoted items)  

Certificate/Authorization letter specific 
to tender must been closed by 
authorized representative of the OEM 
with technical bid. In case the bidder is 
system Integrator partner MAF and 
declaration from OEM that production 
quoted is not end of life and it shall 
support spares, patches for the quoted 
products shall available for next 5 years 
from the date acceptance of the system. 

B 
Bidder shall be registered in India under Companies Act 
1956 and Companies Act  2013 at least for 3 years on 
31.12.2017 

Certificate of Incorporation 
(Mandatory). 

C 
Bidder shall have valid  certificate of ISO 9001:2008 or 
above and at least 3 years shall be completed as on 
31.12.2017 

Copy of Certification. 

D 

Bidder’s Average Annual Turnover of the Company 
Registered in India during last 3 years ending 31.03.17 
shall be at least Rs. 10 Crore in India. 
 
Note: The annual turnover is taken for last three 
financial years ending 31.03.17 i.e. FY 2014-15, 
2015-16 & 2016-17 

CA certified copy of the last three years 
(i.e. 2014-15, 2015-16 & 2016-17) 
audited finance statements or Audited 
Balance sheet along compulsory CA 
certified statement. 

E 
Bidder should have positive net-worth as per 
last audited balance sheet ending on 31-03-17 

CA certified and audited balance sheet  
last  year ending on 31-03-17 

F 

Bidder should have successfully executed  network project  
in any one of the following in last five years: 
 
 One project of minimum 200 LAN /WAN nodes and 
worth of at least Rs. 50 lacs. 
 
 Two projects of minimum 100 LAN /WAN nodes and 
worth of at least Rs.  35 lacs each; 
 
 Three project of minimum 50 LAN /WAN nodes and 
worth of at least Rs. 25 lacs each 

Copy of purchase Order and completion 
certificate shall be enclosed by the 
bidder. 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 5 

 

 

G 
Bidder must have on its roll at least 25 technically 
qualified employee for IT projects execution. 

An undertaking by an authorized 
signatory of the company needs to be 
submitted in this regard. 

H 

Bidder  shall  not  be  blacklisted / banned/ disqualified  /  
declared  ineligible  /  declared having  dissatisfactory  
performance  by  any government / quasi- government 
authority in India for supply of materials / carrying 
out operations and maintenance work. 

An undertaking by an authorized 
signatory of the company needs to be 
submitted in this regard. Also, enclose 
contact details of authorized personnel 
shall be attached for reference 

Mandatory Documents to be submitted in technical bid to be verified for pre- qualification. Failure 
to which, Bidder will be technically disqualified. 

I Bidder should be registered for GST. 
Copy of the registration should be 
submitted with this bid. 

J 
Bidder shall have sales & service set up office in 
Gujarat since last 5 years as on tender floating date. 

Office & service center address proof 
document (like telephone bill, 
electricity bill or rent agreement) should 
be submitted. (Any type of  
consortium/JV/sub-contract would not 
be allowed) 

K 

A power of attorney should be accompanied by the 
board resolution authorizing the Director/ competent 
authority to execute POA and such authorized official 
shall sign all Bid 
Documents/deeds/declarations/undertaking/commun 
ications etc. The authorized official shall represent the 
Bidder in connection with this project. 

Original power of attorney on a stamp 
paper of Rs. 100/- (Rupees Hundred 
only) for this project along with board 
resolution of the company. 
 

 
Note: 
1.        Proper indexing should be done with page no’s mentioned. 

 
2. The bidder must fulfill all the above criteria to be technically qualified and adequate 

documentary proof should be submitted for verification. If any of the above criteria are not met 

then such bid will not be considered for further processing. 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 6 

 

 

 
SECTION 1: INTRODUCTION 

 
Gujarat  State  Road  Transport  Corporation  (GSRTC)  is  passenger  transport  organization 

providing bus services both within Gujarat and neighboring states. 
 

GSRTC came into existence on 1st May, 1960 on formation of Gujarat. From a modest beginning 

of 7 divisions, 76 depots and 7 divisional workshops and a fleet of 1,767 buses it has gone to...... 
 

    16 Divisions 
 

    125 Depots 
 

    226 bus stations 
 

    1554 pickup stands 
 

    8300 buses 
 
 

This remarkable growth is an outcome of unflagging effort of more than 40,000 workforce, 

dynamic management and sustained support from the state govt. It has built up formidable 

technical facilities. 
 

These are: 
 
 

 Three  level  maintenance  and  repair  facility  126  depot  workshops,  16  divisional 

workshops and a central workshop. 

    7 tire retreading plant 
 

    Bus body building plant (1000 bus bodies /year). 
 

    Ticket printing press 
 
 

GSRTC is in search for a complete solution to accomplish requirements of Networking Solution 

with the aid of today technology along with available migration path to emerging technologies in 

future. This RFP is against the requirement for a Networking solution system for the purpose of 

better and quick management within the organization. 
 

Documents for contractor’s pre-qualification are invited for project namely supply, installation 

and commissioning of Networking Solution at Central Office, Near Ranop Bus Port, GSRTC  

Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation, General contractors backed up specialists who wish to 

bid for the qualification as set out in this documents. 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 7 

 

 

 
Section 2: INVITATION FOR BIDS & INSTRUCTION TO BIDDERS 

 
2.1.   Invitation for bids bind the OEM legally 
 

This invitation to bid is for “Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking 

Solution at Ranip Central office, Near Ranip Bus Port, GSRTC”. At the time of submission 

of the bid document the bidder has to submit the bid processing fee as a non-refundable 

amount Rs. 5900/- (Rs 5000 Fee + Rs. 900 GST @18%) in the form of Demand Draft in 

favor of “GSRTC Collection Account” payable at Ahmedabad. Bidder has to submit 

refundable EMD of Rs. 500000/-(Rupees Five Lac only) in the form of Demand Draft 

OR in the form of Bank Guarantee in favor of “GSRTC Collection Account” payable 

at Ahmedabad. Failure to furnish any of the above mentioned would result in rejection of 

the bid. 
 
 

2.1.1  Reserve Rights of GSRTC 
 

GSRTC may for any reasons add/ modify /amend/relax/cancel any terms / conditions / 

criteria of the tender document during any stage of the tendering process and such 

amendments shall be binding on all the bidders. GSRTC at its own discretions without 

assigning any reason or incurring any liability to assist in the evaluation a comparison and 

an examination of bid GSRTC may at its sole discretion ask the bidder for a clarification of 

its bid including breakdown of unit rates etc. the request received within the prescribed 

timeframe GSRTC reserves the right to make its own discretion and these changes shall be 

binding to the bidders. 
 

2.1.2 Pre-bid queries 
 

Bidder shall have to submit the queries related to the RFP on or before 17.02.2018 at 18:00 

HRS. Any queries submitted after query submission deadline shall not be entertained. All 

the queries shall be submitted through an email in pre-defined excel sheet. email id for pre-

bid queries submission- edpgsrtc@gmail.com edpmanager@gsrtc.in.  

 

 

 

 

 

mailto:edpgsrtc@gmail.com
mailto:edpmanager@gsrtc.in


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 8 

 

 

 Format of Pre-bid queries submission. 

Request for Clarification Format 
Bidder’s Request for Clarification  

 
 
 
Remarks 
(if any) 

Name of Organization 
Submitting Request 

Name & Position 
of 

Person 
Submitting 

Request 

Full Formal Address of 
the organization 

including phone, fax and 
email points of 

contact 

 
S. 
No 

Bidding Document 
Reference(s) 

(Section 
number/page) 

 
Content of 

RFP 
requiring 

Clarification 

 
Points of clarification 

Required 

     

 

 
 

2.1.3  Issue of Clarification 
 

GSRTC will publish the clarification / addendum / amendment / corrigendum online at 

www.nprocure.com. 
 

2.1.4  Due Diligence 
 

The bidder is expected to examine all instruction, forms, terms and specification in the 

bidding document. The bid must be precise, complete and in the prescribed format as per 

bidding document or submission of a bid not responsive to the bidding documents in entry 

respect will be at the bidder’s risk and may result in rejection of the bid. 
 

2.1.5  Cost of Bidding 
 

The Bidder shall bear all cost associated with the preparation and submission of its bid. 

GSRTC will in no case be held responsible or liable for this bidding process. 
 

2.2.   Preparation of Bids 
 

2.2.1 Language of bid 
 

The bid prepared by the bidder as well as all correspondence and documents relating to the 

bid exchange by the bidder and GSRTC shall be written in English language only. 
 

http://www.nprocure.com/
http://www.nprocure.com/
http://www.nprocure.com/


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 9 

 

 

2.2.2 Qualification of the bidder 
 

 Pre-qualification criteria – bidder has to upload all documents online and submit all 

supporting documents in a separate envelop along with tender fee and EMD Clearly 

inscribing “Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at Central office, Ranip, 

GSRTC” 

 The Bidder shall submit self-undertaking stating compliance with technical specifications 

as well as acceptance of all terms & conditions of this RFP. No exceptions or deviations 

will be acceptable to GSRTC. 

 In-case the bidder fails to submit the entire relevant documentary evidences; same bid is 

liable for rejection without assigning any reason thereof. 

 The Bidder shall also include the undertaking from respective OEMs on availability of 

spare parts and other necessary installations for keeping the whole Networking solution 

system operational shall be provided and installed by the bidder at Bidder’s cost for 3 

years. No payment shall be made for the spares and other necessary installation to be 

provided and installed for maintaining the whole networking project in operation. 

 The Bidder is one who has submitted the bid response for “Supply, Installation & 

Commissioning of Networking Solution at GSRTC”. The bidder must be able to provide 

complete product line of the solution offered. 
 

2.2.3 Bill of Material 
 
Estimated quantities of items for the project are tabulated below. 
 

Bill of Material 
Supply UOM QTY 

1 Core switch -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 1 

2 Access Switch Non POE -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 11 

3 Access Switch POE -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 2 

4 Multimode SFP Module -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 10 

5 Indoor Access Point -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 12 

6 6 Core optical Fiber Armored Multi-Mode OM3 -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Mtr. 300 

7 Unloaded LIU 12 Port -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 5 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 10 

 

 

8 ADAPTOR LC Multi-Mode OM3 -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 10 

9 PIGTAIL LC Multi Mode OM3 -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 36 

10 Optical Fiber Patch Cords LC-LC OM3  - 3 mtr -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 8 

11 Cat 6 4 Pair U/UTP Cable -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Box 40 

12 CAT 6 Jack I/O -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 252 

13 CAT 6 LSZH Patch cord 1mtr -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 282 

14 CAT 6 LSZH Patch cord 2 Mtr -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 272 

15 CAT 6 UTP Patch Panel, 24 port Loaded - 
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 13 

16 Face Plate - Single/Dual- 
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 252 

17 Standard Back box -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 252 

18 42U Network Rack -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 1 

19 29 U Network Rack -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Nos. 4 

20 25MM PVC Conduit with accessories -  (Standard ISI) Mtr. 4050 

21 32MM HDPE Pipe with accessories -  (Standard ISI) Mtr. 200 

22 32MM Flexible Pipe Rain Force -  (Standard) Mtr. 500 

 
Services UOM QTY 

1 Core switch Installation Charges Nos. 1 

2 Access Switch Non POE  & POE Installation Charges  Nos. 13 

3 Indoor Access Point Installation Charges  Nos. 12 

4 6 Core Optical Fiber Armored Multi-Mode Laying Charges Mtr. 300 

5 Unloaded LIU 12 Port Installation Charges  Nos. 5 

6 PIGTAIL LC Multi Mode OM3  Splicing Charges & OTDR Testing Nos. 36 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 11 

 

 

7 Cat 6 4 Pair U/UTP Cable Laying & Pulling Charges Mtr. 12200 

8 CAT 6 Jack I/O termination with Faceplate & back box installation Charges including Ferruling, Labeling, Node Scanning  Nos. 252 

9 CAT 6 UTP Patch Panel, 24 port Loaded Termination Charges Nos. 13 

10 42U Network Rack - Installation Charges  Nos. 1 

11 29U Network Rack - Installation Charges  Nos. 4 

12 Laying of 25MM PVC Conduit with Accessories Charges Mtr. 4550 

13 Laying of 32MM HDPE Pipe with  Accessories Charges Mtr. 200 

14 Project Management Charges & Documentation Charges LS 1 
 

 
2.2.4 Financial Bid Evaluation 

 
Commercial  bid  of  the  tender  will  be  opened  of  only  those  bidders  who  qualifies 

i n  the technical evaluation. The bidder bids lowest rate will be L1 and contract will be 

awarded to the L1 bidder.      

2.2.5 Overview of Evaluation process 

 
All evaluation will be carried out by GSRTC as detailed below. The decision of GSRTC at 

every stage will be final in this regard. 
 

2.2.6 Preliminary Scrutiny 
 

The technical proposal will be opened on the mentioned date in this Bid Documents at 

GSRTC’s office. The bidder not submitting tender fees & EMD shall be straight away 

rejected for further tender evaluation. 
 

2.2.7 Evaluation of Technical bids 
 

The Technical Bid will be examined on the basis of eligibility criteria, responsiveness to 

the evaluation methodology and the scope of work and other details as mentioned herein 

the document. 
 

 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 12 

 

 

2.2.8 Evaluation of Commercial bids 
 

The commercial bids will be opened for the technically qualified bidder only. The bidder 

who has quoted lowest rate may be awarded the contract. 
 

2.2.9 Final Negotiations & Award of Contract 
 

GSRTC  may  enter  into  negotiations  with  the  selected  bidder  to  identify  any  needed 

revisions to the proposal, both technical and commercial. GSRTC reserves the right to 

award the contract, based on initial offers received or otherwise, without discussion and 

without conducting any further negotiations. Further, the selected bidder may not reassign 

any award made as the result of this bid, without prior written consent from GSRTC. 
 

2.2.10 Undertaking 
 

An undertaking from the bidder stating the compliance with all the conditions of the 

contract and technical specifications of this bidding document will be required to GSRTC. 
 

2.2.11 Technical Bid 
 
 

Technical Bid shall comprise covering letter, technical proposal and other required 

documents such as brochures, product details etc. Refer annexure I for the technical bid 

contents and formats. Please note that no price schedule shall be indicated / submitted in / 

as a part of the technical bid and it shall only be quoted in the online financial bid format 

only. The technical bid shall be submitted online at http://www.nprocure.com and in case 

bid submitted online will be considered final. 
 

Bidders are requested to note the following: 
 
 
 

 Bidder shall include the details of solution architecture of the integrated solution in the 

technical bid. 

 Bidder shall include the COMPLIANCE STATEMENT as a separate section in the 

technical bid. 

 Bidder shall include in a separate sheet the ASSUMPTION & DEVIATION on technical 

specification,   installation   & commissioning etc. as a separate section in the technical 

bid. 

 

 

http://www.nprocure.com/


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 13 

 

 

 Bidder  shall  include  make,  model  and  technical  specification  of  each  and  every 

equipments in the technical bid. 

 Bidder shall include any additional hardware or software required to make their solution 

fully functional as per requirement. 

 Bidder  must  include  UNPRICED  price  bid  giving  details  of  Bill  of  materials  and 

percentage tax applicable on each item. 

 

2.2.12 Financial Bid 
 
The bidder shall strictly adhere to the format of the financial bid as specified in Annexure 

 

II of the bid document. The financial bid shall be submitted online only at 

https://www.nprocure.com. The financial bid submitted in any other form and format 

shall not be considered valid and is liable for rejection. 

 
2.2.13 Bid Price 
 

I. Prices in the price schedule 
The Bidder shall quote price in clear terms. Break up shall abide by the format for finance bid 

described in annexure II. The rates quoted shall be inclusive of GST or any other taxes/cess /duty 

imposed from time to time. The bidder shall bear the cost of all the taxes applicable. The costs of 

the all taxes are deemed to be included in the quoted rate in the price bid of the bid. 
 

II. Fixed Price 
Prices quoted by the Bidder shall be fixed and no variation will be allowed under any 

circumstances during the project period. No open ended bid shall be entertained and the same is 

liable to be rejected straightaway. 
 
 

III. Separation of price components 
 
 

The price components furnished by the bidder shall be solely for the purpose of facilitating the 

comparison of bids by GSRTC and shall not in any way limit GSRTC’s right to contract on any 

of the terms offered. 

2.2.14 Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 
 

a)  Requirement of EMD 
The bid security is required to protect the GSRTC against the risk of bidder’s conduct which 

shall warrant the security’s forfeiture. 

 

https://www.nprocure.com/


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 14 

 

 

b)  Refund of EMD to unsuccessful Bidder 
 

Unsuccessful Bidder’s EMD shall be refunded within 60 days after the issuing LOI to the 

successful bidder. 

c)  Refund of EMD to successful Bidder 
 

The successful Bidder EMD will be refunded against the submission of performance guarantee 

upon the bidder signing the contract. 

 
d)  Forfeiture of EMD 

 
The EMD can be forfeited if a bidder... 
 

    Withdraws his bid during the period of bid form or does not accept the correction of 
errors or… 

 

    In case the successful bidder fails 
 

    To sign the contract within the specified time or.... 
 

    To furnish performance guarantee within the specified time. 
 
 

2.2.15   Period of validity of bids 
 

Bids shall valid for 180 days after the date of bid opening prescribed by the GSRTC. The 

GSRTC  holds  the  rights  to  reject  a  bid  valid  for  a  period  shorter  than  180  days  as  non- 

responsive, without any correspondence. 

2.2.16   Format and signing of bid 
 

a. Number of copies of bid 
 

The bidder shall submit technical bid online at https://www.nprocure.com and shall also submit the 

technical bid in two copies (one original and one duplicate) in physical form in sealed cover 

separately. In the event of any discrepancy between them, the original bid submitted online shall 

govern. The bid shall be submitted at the below address: 

 
EDP Manager, 

EDP Cell, Central Office GSRTC, 
Central Workshop Compound, Naroda Patia, Ahmedabad – 382 346. 

 
b. Validation of interlineations in Bid 

 
Any interlineations, erasures, alterations, additions or overwriting shall be valid only if the 

person or persons signing the bid have authenticated the same with signature. 
 

https://www.nprocure.com/


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 15 

 

 

 
2.2.17  Sealing and marking of Bids 

 
2.2.17.1           Enclosing of Bides 

 
The hard copy of the all the technical bids along with brochures / specification / other documents 

 

shall be placed in sealed envelopes clearly marking “Technical Bid”. The Bidder shall submit the 
Technical bid, tender fees and EMD, sealed in separate covers, shall be placed in one bid cover 

clearly marked as “Supply, Installation& Commissioning of Networking Solution at GSRTC” 

All the pages shall be signed and stamped by the authorized signatory of the bidder, except 

published materials such as brochures, product catalogues etc,. 

 
2.2.17.2           Responsibility of Bidder 

 
If  the  envelope  is  not  lacquer  sealed  and  marked  as  required,  GSRTC  will  assume  no 

 

responsibility for the bid’s misplacement or premature opening. 
 
 

2.2.17.3           Rejection of Bid 
 

Any condition put forth by the bidder non-conforming the bid requirements shall not be 

entertained at all and such bid shall be rejected. The Technical Bid and the commercial document 

shall be submitted in the prescribed format. The commercial bid shall be uploaded online only 

through https://www.nprocure.com along with physical submission of technical & pre- 

qualifications documents only. Commercial bids submitted in any other form and format shall be 

rejected Commercial bids submitted physically shall be liable for rejection. All the necessary 

documents required for the bid submission should be strictly uploaded on  www.nprocure.com 

No documents/papers that  is  found wanting as  a part  of bid  submission/evolution  shall  be 

accepted after the bid submission closing time. If any required document is missing as a part of 

bid submission then that bid may be liable for rejection. Bids submitted by Telex, fax or email 

will not be entertained. Any bid not authenticated or not secured, will be rejected straightway by 

GSRTC without any further correspondence, as non responsive. A bid that does not meet all pre- 

qualification criteria or is not responsive or not fulfilling technical evaluation will be rejected by 

GSRTC, and may not subsequently be made responsive by correction or withdrawal of the non- 

conforming deviation or reservation by the bidder. 

 
 
 
 
 

https://www.nprocure.com/
http://www.nprocure.com/


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 16 

 

 

2.2.18         Modification and withdrawal of bids 
 

2.2.18.1           Written Notice 
 
The bidder may modify or withdraw its bid after the bid’s submission, provided that GSRTC 

receives the written notice of the modification or withdrawal, before the expiration of deadline 

stipulated for submission of bids. 
 

2.2.18.2           Signing and marking of Notice 
 

The bidder’s modification or withdrawal notice shall be prepared, sealed, marked and dispatched 

in accordance with the provisions of tender. A duly signed withdrawal notice may also be sent by 

fax or post so as to reach the designated office before the expiration of deadline for submission 

of bids. 

2.2.18.3           Last Date for Notice 
 

No bid shall be modified subsequent to the deadline for submission of bids. No bid shall be 

withdrawn in the interval between the deadline for submission of bids and the expiration of 

period of bid validity specified by the bidder on the bid form. Withdrawal of a bid during this 

interval shall result in forfeiture of the bid security paid by the bidder. 

2.2.19 Deadline for submission of bids 
 

As mentioned  
 

   2.2.19.1     Last date for submission 
 
 

In the event of the specified date for the submission of bids being declared a holiday for the 
 

GSRTC, the bids will be received up to the approved time on the next working day. 
 

2.2.19.2   Extension for last date for submission 
 

GSRTC may at own discretion; extend this deadline for submission of bids by amending the bid 

document, in which case all rights and obligations of the GSRTC and bidders previously subject 

to the deadline shall thereafter be subject to the deadline as extended. 
 

2.2.20  Late bids 
Any bid received by the GSRTC after the deadline for submission of bids stipulated by the 

 

GSRTC shall be summarily rejected and returned unopened to the bidder. GSRTC shall not be 

responsible for any postal delay or non-receipt / non-delivery of the document. No 

correspondence for this shall be entertained. 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 17 

 

 

2.2.21         Opening of Bids 
 

2.2.21.1 Opening of technical and commercial Bids 
 

GSRTC will open all technical bids at GSRTC’s office in the presence of GSRTC officials along 

with bidder’s representatives as per date mentioned in the tender document. Commercial bids 

will  be  opened  at  GSRTC’s  office  in  presence  of  GSRTC  officials  along  with  technically 

qualified successful bidder’s representative as per date mentioned in the tender document. 
 

2.2.21.2 Bids not considered for evaluation 
 

Bids that are rejected during the preliminary / pre-qualification / technical evaluation process 

shall not be considered for further evaluation irrespective of the circumstances. 

 
2.2.22         Preliminary Examination 

 
2.2.22.1           Completeness of Bids 

 
All the necessary documents required for the bid submission should be strictly compiled. No 

documents that are found essential as a part of bid submission/evaluation shall be accepted after 

the bid submission closing time. If any required document is missing as a part of bid submission, 

then that bid may be liable for rejection straightaway. 

2.2.22.2           Rectification of Errors 
 

Arithmetical error will be rectified on the following basis: 
 
 

 If there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by 

multiplying the unit price and quantity, the unit price shall prevail and the total price shall 

be corrected. 
 
 

 If there is a discrepancy between the rates in words and figures, the rate in words will be 

govern. If the supplier does not accept the correction of errors, his bid will be rejected 

and his EMD may be forfeited. 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 18 

 

 

2.3    Warranty and Support service for 3 years  
 

It is mandatory for the bidder to quote for the bid including 3 years warranty support service. 

Bidders shall very clearly indicate their warranty period in years as part of the technical proposal. 

The bidder shall do and perform maintenance whenever complain raise by GSRTC. Support 

service shall be comprehensive (manpower & spare-parts etc.) in nature, it shall be responsibility 

of the bidder to replace any defective part without any additional cost. The defective part so 

replaced shall be the property of the bidder. Bidder shall keep enough spares with them during 

warranty. 

Total support period required – 3 years 
 
 

Maintenance Support Service 
 

The bidder is expected to transfer the knowledge to the GSRTC officials nominated Technical 

Term but however shall commit one dedicated technical person as overall support for the entire 

contract period. At GSRTC’s option, the vendor shall provide ongoing maintenance support and 

/ or further system development services for the entire system over three years period or any 

period as agreed. 

 
The bidder should submit valid letter from all the OEMs confirming the following: 

 

 Authorization to bid against this tender issued in the name of bidder 
 

 Confirm that the products quoted are not “End of life Products” 
 

 Undertake that the support including spares, patches for the quoted products and /or 
upgraded version shall be available for next 5 years. 

 
 
 

2.4    Project schedule 
 

 
The vendor shall complete and implement the project within 40 days from the date of award of 

contract. The implementation schedule specified in the agreement shall be strictly adhered to. If 

anything delays from GSRTC end, will be exempted from penalty. 
 

2.5    Project Management 
 

Successful bidder shall nominate one technically competent person as project manager who will 

be single point of contact from the service provider end during the total contract period of 3 

years. 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 19 

 

 

 
 

2.6    Notification of Award 
 

2.6.1    Notification to Bidder 
 

The bidder whose bid has been accepted shall be notified of the award by GSRTC prior to the 

expiration of the period of validity of the proposal by registered letter / E-mail / Fax. This letter 

(hereinafter called the “Letter of Intent”) shall state the sum that GSRTC shall pay the bidder in 

consideration of the execution, completion maintenance of the work as prescribed by the contract 

(hereinafter called the “Contract Value”) in accordance with Payment Terms. The bidder shall 

acknowledge in writing the receipt of the Latter of Intent and shall send his acceptance to enter 

into the contract within (5) clear working days from the receipt of the Letter of Intent. 

 
2.6.2    Signing of agreement 

 
The agreement shall be signed on all the pages by the person(s) duly authorized to bind the 

bidder to the contract. After the signing of agreement the bidder shall initiate the execution of the 

work as stipulated and specified in the agreement. 
 

2.6.3    Expenses for the agreement 
 

The incidental expenses of execution of agreement / contract shall be borne by the successful 

bidder. 
 

2.7    Performance Guarantee 
 

Within 15 working days of the receipt of intimation of award from the GSRTC, the successful 

bidder  shall  furnish  the  performance  guarantee  of  10%  of  the  total  contract  value,  in 

accordance with the conditions of contract in the form of Bank Guarantee / Banker’s Cheque 

from a nationalized bank drawn in favor of “GSRTC Collection Account” payable at 

Ahmadabad. The EMD submitted earlier by the successful bidder shall be refunded against the 

submission of performance guarantee and such performance and such performance guarantee 

shall be retained by GSRTC during contract execution period and would be refunded on 

successful execution and handing over of the project. Performance Guarantee shall be 

returned to the bidder after completion of total 3 (Three) years warranty period. The 

Performance Guarantee / Security Deposit must be having validity of 3 months of claim 

period after completion of the contract) from the date of submission. 

 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 20 

 

 

 
2.8   Annulment of Award 

 
Failure of the successful bidder to comply with pre-qualification criteria, evaluation criteria and 

other terms and conditions set out in the Tender document shall constitute stuffiest ground 

for the annulment of the award of contract and forfeiture of the Security Deposit / Performance 

guarantee in which event GSRTC, may make the award to the next lowest evaluated bidder 

after negotiations. 

2.9    Payment terms, Schedule of payment 
 

The Bidder’s request for payment shall be  made to the GSRTC in writing accompanied by the 

details of work executed , supported with evidence of accomplishment of the item wise work. 
 
 

Milestone Payment Cumulative Payment 
On   delivery   of   hardware   at   all   site   and   its 
verification and acceptance by GSRTC 70% 70% 

On  successful  completion  of  supply ,  installation, 
commissioning & maintenance Networking solution 
system  running  for  30  days  without  failure  and 
supply of all manuals and software , completion of 
training 

30% 100% 

 
 

2.11 TAXES & DUTIES 
 

 The bidder shall bear and pay all taxes, duties, levels, cess and charges assessed on the 

bidder, its subcontractor or their employees by all municipal, state or national government 

authority in connection with the contract in and outside of the country where the site is 

located and no adjustment or variation will be allowed for changes thereof. 

 If there is changes in taxes rates / application of new tax on direct transaction between 

GSRTC and bidder, such increase shall be reimbursed by GSRTC or in case of reduction, 

such benefit shall be passed on to GSRTC. 

  For the purpose of the contract it is agreed that the contract price specified in letter of 

acceptance / purchase order / contract Agreement is based on the taxes, duties, levies and 

charges prevailing on the date of bid submission in   India and Gujarat where the site is 

located (Unless otherwise revised by mutual consent). 

  All taxes and duties forming part of the contract price shall be paid by the GSRTC only on 

submission of documentary proof of payment of such taxes. 

 

 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 21 

 

 

  Each party hereto agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified and saved harmless at all 

times the other party against any loss , cost, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by it, 

by reason of its failure to pay taxes, duties etc. Which it is obliged to pay pursuant to the 

provision of this clause and / or arising out of its failure to comply with its obligations 

under this clause. 

  Tax deductions at source will be made by the GSRTC on payments made to the bidder as 

per the applicable central and state laws. 

  Form –C shall not be issued by the GSRTC. 
 

  All payments to the bidder shall be subject to applicable withholding (whether applicable 

as of the date of this contract imposed / required by any municipal, local, state or national 

government authorities or any other Government Instrumentality at any time during the 

subsistence of the contract) or statutory deduction as required in respect of income tax as 

well as any other Taxes (Including but not limited to building and other construction 

worker’s welfare cess). The GSRTC shall issue necessary tax deduction / withholding 

certificates to the bidder. If the bidder obtains appropriate lower withholding orders (as per 

GSRTC’s satisfaction) withholding may be carried out at such lower rates. 

  The risk of all tax positions taken by bidder shall be borne solely by the Bidder. 
 
 

2.12  Liquidated damages 
 

1)  The bidder acknowledges that time is the essence of the contract and in case of any delay 

in completion of the project the said delay shall cause substantial damages to owner. The 

bidder here by agrees without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the 

owner under the contract to pay liquidated damages at rates mentioned herein. 

Bidder and owner agrees that the amount fixed as liquidated damages herein are 

reasonable and are a genuine pre-estimate of the minimum loss and damages that the 

owner would suffer due to  due to delay in completion and the bidder shall not question 

the rate off liquidate damages in court of law or rise any question otherwise. 

Bidder guarantees that it will complete the project within the time specified in clause 21 

or within such extended time as specified by the owner. Failure to achieve completion of 

the project as per time schedule shall lead to application of liquidated damages @ 0.5% of 

the total contract price per week or part there of subject to a maximum 10% of the total 

contract price. Once the maximum is reached, the owner shall have right to terminate the 

contract, pursuant to clause 35 without prejudice to its rights for claiming further general 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 22 

 

 

damages under the law. However the payment of liquidated damages shall not in any way 

relieve the contractor from any of its obligations, duties and responsibilities to complete 

facilities or from any other obligations and liabilities of the contractor under the contract. 
 

2)  No bonus will be given for earlier completion of the project. 
 
 

In addition to this we should also ensure that for delay in services / unsatisfactory 

services during Maintenance period there is LD as per Service Level Agreement (SLA) 
 

2.13  Service Level Agreement 
 

The successful bidder has to maintain the service response time during entire contract 

period. The services response time & subsequent liquidated damages (agreed to be genuine 

pre- estimate of loss) applicable (in case of failure of maintaining the service response time) 

is as mentioned below: 
 

 The Maximum Time To Attend (i.e. time required for successful bidder’s maintenance 

engineer to report at the after a request call / e-mail / fax is made or letter is written by 

GSRTC) shall not exceed 24 hours. 

 The Maximum Time To Repair (replacement Time): In case of failure of any 

hardware the successful bidder will be liable to replace the damaged / faulty parts within 

2 working days after fault detection. In case of shipment of hardware to OEM service 

center for repair / replacement purpose, the total period taken from dismantling of 

hardware from site, shipment OEM service center & reinstallation of the repaired / 

replaced hardware at site should not exceed 7 working days. 

 

  The successful bidder has to maintain the service response time during entire contract 

period.  The  service  response  time  &  subsequent  liquidated  damages  (agreed  to  be 

genuine pre-estimate of losses) applicable (in case of failure of maintaining the service 

response time) is as mentioned bellow: 
 

Description Time period beyond the 
MTTA / MTTR 

Liquidated Damages 

 
 
 
 
Response 

Up to 1 Day Rs. 1,000/- 
From 2 days to 4 days Rs. 2,000/- 
From 4 days to 10 days Rs.5,000/- 
More than 10 days Rs. 5,000/- for first 10 days and Rs. 

2,000/- per day there after 
 

 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 23 

 

 

2.14  Additional Work 
 

In case there is an increase in the number of location / quantity of materials during the course 

of the implementation / post implementation the bidder shall be given the additional work on 

a pro-rata basis depending on the quoted rate. The quoted rates of all terms will be valid for 

period of 365 days from the date of LOI/ PO issued by GSRTC to the successful bidder. 
 

2.15  Modification of scope of work 
 

In case of modification of scope of work GSRTC shall be liable to pay higher or lower than 

the contract price as is mutually decided between GSRTC and the Bidder at the time of 

modification. 
 

2.16  Suspension 
 

GSRTC may by written notice to the successful bidder, suspend all payments if the bidder 

fails to perform any of its obligations under this contract including carrying out of the 

services provided that such notice of suspension 

(a)  Shall specify the nature of failure 
 

(b)  Shall  request  the  bidder  to  remedy  such  failure  within  a  period  not  exceeding  30 

(thirty)days after receipt of such notice of failure. 
 
 

2.17 Termination of Contract 
 

2.17.1 Termination for Default 
 

The GSRTC shall without prejudice, to any other remedy for breach of contract by written 

notice of default sent to the qualified Bidder, terminated the contact in whole or in part if 

 
  The qualified bidder fails to deliver any or all of the obligations within the time period(s) 

 

Specified in the contract or any extension thereof granted by the GSRTC. 
 

  The qualified bidder fails to perform any other obligation under the contract. 
 
 

2.17.2 Termination for Insolvency, Dissolution etc. 
 

GSRTC shall at any time terminate the contract by giving written notice to the qualified Bidder 

without compensation to the qualified Bidder, if the qualified Bidder becomes bankrupt or 

otherwise insolvent or in case of dissolution of firm or winding up of company, provided that 

such termination shall not prejudice or effect any right or action or remedy which has accrued 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 24 

 

 

thereafter to the GSRTC. 
 

  Termination for Convenience: GSRTC reserves the right to terminate by prior written 

notice, the whole or part of the contract without compensation to the bidder. The notice 

of termination shall specify that termination be for GSRTC’s convenience, the extent to 

which performance of work under the contract is terminated and the date on which such 

termination becomes effective. 
 

  No Claim Certificate: The qualified Bidder shall not be entitled to make any claim, 

whatsoever, against GSRTC under or by virtue of or arising out of this contract nor shall 

the GSRTC entertain or consider any such claim after Bidder shall have signed a “no 

claim” certificate in favor of the GSRTC in such forms as shall be required by the 

GSRTC after the works are finally accepted. 

 
2.18  Rights to Data 

 
GSRTC shall retain all right, title and interest in and to any and all data, entered or generated 

by the Selected Vendor for GSRTC pursuant to this agreement and any modifications thereto 

or works derived there from. 

2.19  Relationship between the Parties 
 

Nothing mentioned herein shall be constructed as relationship of GSRTC and contract or of 

principal and agent as between GSRTC and Bidder. The subject to this contract has complete 

charge of personal, if any, performing the services under this Project from time to time. The 

Bidder shall be fully responsible for the services performed by or on their behalf hereunder. 

2.20  Standards of Performance 
 

 
The party awarded with the contract shall perform the services and carry out their obligations 

under the Contract with due diligence, efficiency and economy in accordance with generally 

accepted professional standards and practices. The party shall always act in respect of any 

matter relating to this contract as faithful advisor to GSRTC and shall always support and 

 

Safeguard the legitimate interests of GSRTC, in any dealings with the third party.  The 

awarded party shall abide by all the provisions / Acts/ Rules etc. of compliance prevalent in 

the country. The bidder shall conform to the standards laid down in Bid Document in totality. 

 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 25 

 

 

2.21 Delivery and Documents 
 

The  Bidder  shall  submit  all  the  deliverables  on  the  date  as  per  schedule.  In  case  of 

termination of the Contract, the entire document used by Bidder in the execution of project 

shall become property of GSRTC. 

2.22 Confidentiality 
 

The Selected Vendor and its personal shall not, either during the term or after expiration of 

this contract, disclose any proprietary or confidential information relating to the services, 

contract or the GSRTC’s business or operations without the prior written consent of GSRTC. 
 

2.23  Government Law, jurisdiction and Arbitration 
 

The contract shall be governed in accordance with the laws of India. Any dispute between the 

parties  arising  out  of  the  Contract  shall  be  referred  for  determination  by arbitration  as 

prescribed in the Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended from time to time. The 

Arbitration Tribunal shall consist of a Sole Arbitration to be appointed by GSRTC. The 

arbitration, Gujarat. Subject to the arbitration agreement as mentioned above, the Parties 

submit to exclusive jurisdiction of courts at Ahmedabad in relation to any matter arising out 

of this agreement. 

2.24 Notice 
 

Any notice request or consent required or permitted to be given or made pursuant to this 

contract shall be in writing. 

2.25 Miscellaneous 
 

 All intermediate products and end product of the work assignment carried out by the 
 

Bidder, in any form, will be the sole property of GSRTC. 
 

 In the event the Bidder Company or the concerned Division of the company is taken over / 

bought over by another company, all the obligations under the agreement with GSRTC, 

should be passed on the compliance by the new company new division in the negotiation 

for their transfer. 
 
 

 Bidder has to submit the certificate to that Company’s Director / Individual is not related 
 

to any Employees working in the GSRTC. 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 26 

 

 

2.26  Force Majeure 
 

Force  Majeure  means  such  of  the  following  factors  which  substantially  affect  the 

performance of the contract, such as: natural phenomena, including but not limited to floods, 

draughts,  earthquakes  and  Epidemics;  acts  of  any  Government,  domestic  or  foreign, 

including but not limited to war, declared or undeclared, quarantines, embargoes; illegal 

strikes and legal lockouts in respect of PA scope of work provided; 

Either party shall within fifteen (15) days from the occurrence of such a cause notify the 

other in writing of such causes. The Bidder shall not be liable for delays in performing their 

obligations resulting from any Force Majeure cause as referred to and/ or defined above. 

However if such an event lasts for a period of 90 days or then either party shall have an 

option to terminate this Agreement forthwith without any liability after intimating the other 

party the same. Bidder shall however be entitled to receive payments for all the services 

rendered by it under this Agreement prior to termination of contract. 
 

2.27  Inspection 
 

The Bidder shall: 
 
 

 Facilitate the GSRTC officials or its nominated official / nominated third party / 

delegated authority to inspect, supervise assess including without limitation to Revenue 

Authorities and Certifying Authorities the system installed at the permission and other 

arrangements to ensure the effectiveness after giving prior notice of 7 days in writing or by 

way of surprise check if any malfunctioning or deficient operations is reported and  

GSRTC officials or its nominated official / nominated third party / delegated 

authority is of opinion to conduct such surprise checks to ensure the consistency of 

performance or any other aspect of the services under the contract. 
 

 Facilitate and provide all assistance to GSRTC officials or its nominated official /    
    nominated third party / delegated authority. 

 
 Allow at bidder’s cost and facilitate examination by officials or its nominated official /  
    nominated third party / delegated authority pertaining to the system at intervals as  
     mutually decided between GSRTC and the Bidder. 

 
 

 
 
 
 
2.28 Fraud and corruption 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 27 

 

 

 
In pursuit (pursuance) of this policy GSRTC, 

 
I. Defines for the purpose of this provision the terms set forth as follows: 

 
a) “Corrupt practice” means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of anything of value 

to influence the action of GSRTC, official by any personal of consortium in procurement 

process or in contract execution. 

b) “Fraudulent  practice”  means  a  misrepresentation  of  facts,  in  order  to  influence  a 

procurement process or the execution of a contract, to the detriment  of GSRTC, and 

includes collusive practices among the bidders  (prior to or after Proposal submission) 

designed to establish bids at artificially high or non-competitive levels and to deprive the 
 

GSRTC, of the benefits of free and open competition. 
 

c) “Unfair trade practices” means supply of services different from what is order on. 
 

d) “Coercive practices” means harming or threatening to harm, directly or indirectly, persons 
 

or their property to influence their participation in the execution of contract. 
 

II.   GSRTC will reject a proposal for award, if it determines that the bidder recommended for 

award has engaged in corrupt, fraudulent, unfair trade practices or coercive practices. 

III.   GSRTC shall declare a firm ineligible, either indefinitely or for a stated period of time, for 

awarding the contract,  if it any time determines that the firm has  engaged in  corrupt, 

fraudulent, unfair trade and coercive practices in competing for, or in executing, the contact. 

2.29 Negotiation 
 

It is absolutely essential for the bidders to quote the lowest price at the time of making offer 

in their own interest. GSRTC, however, shall have the discretion to choose to enter into any 

price negotiations or not. 

2.30 Award of Contract 
 

GSRTC reserves the right to accept or reject any bid, to award entire or a part of tender 

items, and to annul the bidding process and reject all bids at any time before the contract 

award, without thereby incurring any liability to the affected Bidder or Bidders. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.31 Contact Details 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 28 

 

 

 
All inquiries concerning this procurement shall to be addressed to the following: 

 
 

EDP Manager, 
EDP Cell, Central Office GSRTC, 

Central Workshop Compound, Naroda Patia, Ahmedabad – 382346 
Email: edpmanager@gsrtc.in, edpgsrtc@gmail.com 

 
Prospective Bidders are specifically directed NOT to contact any other person apart from the 

one  mentioned  above  in  this  Bid  Document  for  meetings,  conferences  or  technical 

discussions that are related to the Bid Document. Unauthorized contract shall be cause for 

immediate rejection of the Bidder’s Bid Document response. Substantive questions shall be 

dealt with in writing. 

2.32 Insurance 
 

I.      General 
 

The  bidder  shall  at  his  own  expense  arrange,  secure  and  maintain  with  reputable 

insurance companies to the satisfaction of the Owner as follows. The bidder at his cost 

shall arrange, secure and, maintain insurance as may be necessary and to its full value for 

all such amounts to protect the works progress from time to time and the interest of the 

Owner against all risks as detailed herein. The form and other limit of such insurance, as 

defined herein together with the under works thereof in each case shall be acceptable to 

the Owner.  However  irrespective  of  acceptance  of  the  works,  the  responsibility  to 

maintain adequate insurance coverage at all times during the period of contract (i.e. till 

the date of the commissioning & acceptance by the customer). 

However, it is the responsibility of the customer to provide adequate security to the onsite 

materials once delivered by the contractor at the respective sites. The Bidder’s failure in 

this  regard  shall  not  relieve  of  any  of  his  responsibility and  obligations  under  this 

contract. All costs on account of insurance liabilities covered under contract shall be 

Bidder’s account and shall be included in the contract price. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

II.      Compliance of labor / Employee related acts 

mailto:edpmanager@gsrtc.in,%20edpgsrtc@gmail.com


 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 29 

 

 

 
The bidder shall be liable to adhere strictly all rules & regulations related to employees/ 
labor laws such as Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, and Professional Tax etc. 

 
III.      Any other insurance 

 
The bidder shall also carry any and all other insurance, which he may be required under 

any law or regulation from time to time without any extra cost of GSRTC. 

IV.      Accident or injury to workmen 
 

GSRTC shall not be liable for or in respect of any damages or compensation payable law 

in respect or in consequences of any accident or injury to any workmen or other person in 

the employment of the Bidder or Technology Partner or any Sub-bidder or Technology 

Partner 

V.      Transit Insurance 
 

 
In respect of all items are to be transported by the Bidder to the site of work, the cost 

transit insurance shall be borne by the Bidder and quoted price shall be inclusive of this 

cost. 

2.33 Third party inspection 
 

The prime applicant shall facilitate at its own cost, GSRTC or its nominated / delegated 

authority to inspect, supervise, and assess all the equipment installed at the premises and 

other infrastructure arrangements. 

2.34 Evaluation Methodology 
 
GSRTC will evaluate and compare the bids determined to be substantially responsive. It 

 

is GSRTC’s intent to select the tender that is most advantageous to GSRTC. 
 

Technical bid Qualification criteria: Bidders shall comply with all the technical 

criteria mentioned in Annexure-I. The Compliance shall be clear stated as YES or NO. 

Any other statement will be considered as misleading and bidder will be straight way 

disqualified. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SECTION 3: SCOPE OF WORK 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 30 

 

 

 
3.1. THE SITE: 

 
The proposed location is located at RANIP CENTRAL OFFICE, Near Ranip Bus Port, 
Ahmedabad. 

 
3.2. THE SCOPE: 

 
1.  The scope for the Networking solution system, bidder has to supply, installation, testing 

and commissioning of the Networking Solution / system as mentioned in Bill of 

Material and related accessories. Bill of material has been prepared as per the current 

requirements. In future network may expand. Therefore scope of cabling expansion 

for the same should be considered and conduiting should be done accordingly. So 

expansion can be implemented without new piping/ conduiting/ trenching. The  scope  

includes  all  the  minor  civil  work  if  required  to complete the work, weather it is 

mentioned or not mentioned in the BOQ. The GSRTC will approve that installation work 

of the bidder and if there are any comments on the installation, the bidder has to rectify it 

immediately as required by the GSRTC, without any extra charges. 

2.   The  rates  of  items  shall  be  including  of  all  charges  like  Transportation,  Loading, 

Unloading, Insurance, Packing, Forwarding, etc. all inclusive charges what so ever, 

weather it is mentioned in the BOQ or not. No extra charges will be paid to the bidder for 

any item in this matter. 

3.   The rates of items shall be excluding taxes. Taxes will be as applicable. 
 

4.   Bidder who is awarded the work should visit the site immediately within fifteen days of 

the LOI and survey all the site in accordance with the scope of work to be carried  out 

and if he found any discrepancy in the BOQ and at site, if there is any requirement of 

extra items or major excess in the quantity, he should immediately brought in the notice 

of GSRTC officials so that the GSRTC can take necessary action in time, otherwise the 

bidder will not get any extra payment or time limit for such items. However if GSRTC 

authority suggest any work which is not included in the tender and to be executed as an 

extra item / excess item, agency has to carry out the work as per tender terms and 

conditions and agency cannot deny to execute the same. 

5.   The  contractor  should  submit  his  final  design  for  the  approval  as  per  his  make 

specifications which he is going to be use at site along with the final estimated quantity to 

be  required,  especially  all  numbered  quantity.  Bidder can start his ordering and 

installation only after this approval from GSRTC. 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 31 

 

 

 

 

 
 

6.   The final responsibilities for all the work and civil work related to Networking 

solution and electrical work are lies with the bidder and if he found any improper work 

and if because of that if he envisaged any problems in the installation work later on which 

affect the installation, he should immediately inform and brought to the notice of GSRTC. 

7.   The bidder has to carry out the installation work as per the bills of quantities and the 

specifications enclosed herewith. Deviations in specifications and in the approved make 

will not be acceptable at all in any case. 

8.   The  bidder  has  to  get  the  approval  from  GSRTC  before  placing  the  order  of  any 

equipment so the make and the quality is to be approved within the time frame. 

9.   Bidder has to get approvals of drawings by GSRTC and client sites only after dispatch 

clearance is given by the consultant and client. Necessary storage space for materials at 

various sites shall be provided by the client prior to starting installation .The material 

shall be received at client sites only after dispatch clearance. The client shall 

acknowledge receipt of various materials dispatched by the bidder from time to time. 

10. If the bidder wants to refer any drawing he can contact the client and the consultant as the 

drawings are confidential matter. 

11. The time is critical for the contract. It is compulsory for the bidder to complete all his 

installation work within 4 months failing to which the bidder will be panelized as per the 

penalty clause. 
 
 
 

3.3. THE ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITY PRE QUALIFICATION SITE VISITS 
 

If GSRTC wants to verify the projects personally for which bidder claims under 

experience in technical bid, all the arrangements and expenses shall be bared by the 

contractor for the site visit. If he fails to do so, Bidder is liable for rejection in the 

technical bid. 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 32 

 

 

3.4. INSTALLATION METHOD 
 
 
 

 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 33 

 

 

 
3.5. INSPECTION& FINAL ACCEPTANCE 

 

a.   Inspection of networking solution shall be organized by contractor at GSRTC officials and 
will be the part of the same as inspecting agency. 

 
b.   Final Acceptance will be given by the authority after successful completion of the project. 

Support service period will begin from the day of final acceptance awarded by GSRTC 

nominated authority. 

c. The contractor has to prove all the specification mentioned in the tender for active and    

passive with the data sheets/catalogues. 

d.   The contractor has to show all the minor materials specifications at site along with the data 

sheets and prove that the specifications of the equipment offered by him is exactly matching 

with all the specifications mentioned in the tender document and as raised by the inspection 

authority. 

e. The contractor has to show the detail installation procedures and guidelines to be followed at 

site by the installation agency by proper method and with the proper tools and tackles. 

Bidder has to submit the standard installation and testing procedures of all the equipment 

offered. 

 
3.6. CONFIRMATION FROM SUPPLIER 

 
The contractor has to provide the following written confirmation from the manufacturer. 

 

 
1.   Authorization letter from Manufacturers on the name of Bidder particularly for this 

work. Tender number should be clearly mentioned in the MAF Letter. 
 

2.   Maximum  delivery period  for  the  equipment  to  supply  at  site  duly  signed  by the 
contractor for the confirmation of the timely order to the manufacturer from his side. 

 

3.   All the parts and technical services will be available for his materials installed at site for 

the period of at least five years.



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 34 

 

 

4.   If the material is found faulty during the defect liability period he will replace the same 

within 48 hours. If supplier is denying for the same, the contractor has to give the 

conformation  to  keep  the  required  spare  material  immediately  replace  the  faulty 

material at site. 
 

5.   All manufactures have to submit their written confirmation of his equipment to be use 

with equipment without any problem and they have no objection using that equipment 

with make equipment, which is going to be used at site by the contractor. 
 

6.   Written confirmation for submitting the report for satisfactory installation and stability 
report of his product/system. 

 

3.7. THE TRAINING 
 

The contractor shall also provide training to the end user about entire working of the system. 

The contractor has to appoint proper training staff after the commissioning and configuration 

of the project. The training may be given in two hour or three batches where the detailed 

training for the system and its working procedures, precautions considered to handle the 

system, operation, maintenance, service etc. has to be explained. 
 
 

The contractor also has to prepare the proper user-friendly training manual for all the training 

staff who is taking the training with proper user-friendly language with proper screen shots 

and pictures to explain the working and methodology of the system, in local language also. 

 
3.8. CONFIDENTIAL POLICY 

 
The contractor has to follow all the rules and regulations of the guidelines and has to follow 

strictly to all the rules and privacy. Some of the guidelines are as follows, however it is not 

limiting to the same.  Contractor  has  to  contact  the  GSRTC  authority  and  get  all  the 

guidelines to carry out the work in the GSRTC premises. 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 35 

 

 

 
1.   All the drawing and paper works are very confidential property of GSRTC authority. 

 

Contractor has to submit the privacy agreement with the client in their format. All the 

responsibility lies with the contractor of the privacy of the documents handed over to him 

for execution. 

2.   The staff of the contractor should not invoice with any activity related to GSRTC or the 

prisons. If there is any such incident occurs in the GSRTC due to this, the entire 

responsibility lies with the contractor only. 

3.   The staffs of the contractor has to pay extra attention or care to handle any equipment’s, 

tools or tackles, big amount cash, mobile, match sticks, lighter, ladder, cable, etc., which 

can be snatched by any prison and which can be used by the prison to escape from the 

GSRTC or to stab the other person In the GSRTC or to do suicide attempt by him. No 

such equipment’s are allowed inside the GSRTC BUS DEPOTS without the permission 

of the GSRTC authority. In the case of any eventuality occurs, it is entirely contractor’s 

responsibility and be held responsible for the same. 

4.   No activity is allowed in the GSRTC by any staff of the contractor that affects to the 
 

GSRTC security and peace. 
 
 

3.9. Warranty 
 
 

Warranty period shall be 3 years from the date of completion and handing over the entire 

project. During the warrantee period the contractor shall be responsible for 

repairing/replacement of faulty item without any cost to the GSRTC. In case of arbitration or 

force majeure prevails and warranty voids, contractor has to bear the cost of executing the 

insurance policy. 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 36 

 

 

 
ANNEXURE-I TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION 

 

Core Switch Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks  
(If any) 

Sr.No Generic Requirements      
  Generic Requirements      

1 Switch should be 1RU with minimum 12 no. of 1 Gig SFP ports and 
upgradable to additional 2 nos. of 10 Gig SFP+ ports.  

  
  

2 Switch should supplied with 10 nos. of MM transceiver module     

3 
Switch should have minimum 480 Gbps of stacking bandwidth with 
dedicated stacking ports and cables with minimum 4 switches in a 
single stack.  

  
  

4 Switching system shall have minimum 68 Gbps of switching fabric 
and minimum 50.5 Mpps of forwarding rate.  

  
  

5 Switch should have 4 GB RAM and 2 GB Flash     

6 Switch should have hot swappable 1:1 redundant internal power 
supply.  

  
  

7 Power supply, fan modules and interface modules should be hot 
swappable.  

  
  

8 Switching system shall have minimum 32K MAC Addresses and 1K 
active Vlans. 

  
  

9 Switch should support minimum 2K ACLs, 4K Multicast and 8K 
Unicast Routes for IPv4 and IPv6.  

  
  

10 
Should support IEEE Standards of Ethernet: IEEE 802.1D, 802.1s, 
802.1w, 802.1x, 802.3ad, 802.3x, 802.1p, 802.1Q, 802.3, 802.3u, 
802.3ab, 802.3z.  

  
  

11 
Should have static routing, OSPF, OSPFv3, BGP, HSRP for 
IPv6/VRRPv3, VRF (Virtual routing and forwarding), IGMP v1/v2/v3 
and PIM multicast routing.  

  
  

12 Shall have 802.1p class of service, marking, classification, policing 
and shaping. Should support strict priority queue.  

  
  

13 Switch should support management features like SSHv2, SNMPv2c, 
SNMPv3, NTP, RADIUS and TACACS+ .  

  
  

14 Switch should support port security, DHCP snooping, Dynamic ARP 
inspection, IP Source guard, BPDU Guard, Spanning tree root guard.  

  
  

15 
Switch should support IPv6 Binding Integrity Guard, IPv6 Snooping, 
IPv6 RA Guard, IPv6 DHCP Guard, IPv6 Neighbor Discovery 
Inspection and IPv6 Source Guard. 

  
  

16 Should support 802.1x authentication and accounting, IPv4 and IPv6 
ACLs and Dynamic VLAN assignment.  

  
  

17 Switch shall support application visibility and traffic monitoring with 
minimum 24 K netFlow/sflow/jflow entries. 

  
  



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 37 

 

 

18 
Switch shall conform to UL 60950 or IEC 60950 or CSA 60950 or EN 
60950 Standards for Safety requirements of Information Technology 
Equipment.  

  
  

19 
Switch shall conform to EN 55022 Class A/B or CISPR22 Class A/B 
or CE Class A/B or FCC Class A/B Standards for EMC (Electro 
Magnetic Compatibility) requirements.  

  
  

20 Switch / Switch’s Operating System should be tested and certifiedfor 
EAL 2/NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification.  

  
  

21 Switch should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready.      

22 OEM should be “Leader” in published Gartner Magic Quadrant for last 3 years i.e. 2015, 2016, 2017   
 

Access Network Switch Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks  
(If any) 

Sr.No Generic Requirements      
  Generic Requirements      

1 Switch should be 1RU with minimum 24 nos. 10/100/1000 Base-T 
ports and additional 4 nos. SFP uplinks ports.     

2 

Switch should have slot/ports(excluding uplinks) for minimum 48 
Gbps of stacking bandwidth with dedicated stacking ports and cables 
with minimum 8 switch in stack. Stacking functionality not required 
from Day1.      

3 Switch should support external/internal power supply.      

4 Switch shall have minimum 88 Gbps of switching fabric and 65 Mpps 
of forwarding rate.      

5 Shall have minimum 12 K MAC Addresses and 250 active V lans.     

6 
Should support IEEE Standards of Ethernet: IEEE 802.1D, 802.1s, 
802.1w, 802.1x, 802.3ad, 802.3x, 802.1p, 802.1Q, 802.3, 802.3u, 
802.3ab, 802.3z.      

7 Shall have 802.1p class of service, marking, classification, policing 
and shaping. Should support strict priority queuing.      

8 Switch should support management features like SSHv2, SNMPv2c, 
SNMPv3, NTP, RADIUS and TACACS+ .      

9 Switch should support port security, DHCP snooping, Dynamic ARP 
inspection, IP Source guard, BPDU Guard, Spanning tree root guard.      

10 
Switch should support IPv6 Binding Integrity Guard, IPv6 Snooping, 
IPv6 RA Guard, IPv6 DHCP Guard, IPv6 Neighbor Discovery 
Inspection and IPv6 Source Guard.     

11 Switch must have support for L3 functionality like static routing, RIP, 
PIM, OSPF and PBR from Day1   

12 Should support 802.1x authentication and accounting, IPv4 and IPv6 
ACLs and Dynamic VLAN assignment.      

13 Switch shall support application visibility and traffic monitoring with 
minimum 12 K net Flow/s flow/j flow entries.     



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 38 

 

 

14 
Switch shall conform to UL 60950 or IEC 60950 or CSA 60950 or EN 
60950 Standards for Safety requirements of Information Technology 
Equipment.      

15 
Switch shall conform to EN 55022 Class A/B or CISPR22 Class A/B 
or CE Class A/B or FCC Class A/B Standards for EMC (Electro 
Magnetic Compatibility) requirements.      

16 Switch / Switch’s Operating System should be tested and certified for 
EAL 2/NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification.      

17 Switch should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready.      

18 OEM should be “Leader” in published Gartner Magic Quadrant for last 3 years i.e. 2015, 2016, 2017   
 
 
 

Access Switch - 24 Port (PoE) Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks  
(If any) 

Sr.No Generic Requirements      

1 
Switch should be 1RU with minimum 24 nos. 10/100/1000 Base-T 
ports with PoE+ capability and minimum 370W of PoE Power and 
additional 4 nos. SFP uplinks ports. 

  
  

2 

Switch should have slot/ports(excluding uplinks) for minimum 48 
Gbps of stacking bandwidth with dedicated stacking ports and cables 
with minimum 8 switch in stack. Stacking functionality not required 
from Day1 

  

  
3 Switch should support external/internal internal power supply.      

4 Switch shall have minimum 88 Gbps of switching fabric and 65 Mpps of forwarding rate.      
5 Shall have minimum 12 K MAC Addresses and 250 active Vlans.     

6 
Should support IEEE Standards of Ethernet: IEEE 802.1D, 802.1s, 
802.1w, 802.1x, 802.3ad, 802.3x, 802.1p, 802.1Q, 802.3, 802.3u, 
802.3ab, 802.3z.  

  
  

7 Shall have 802.1p class of service, marking, classification, policing and shaping. Should support strict priority queuing.      

8 Switch should support management features like SSHv2, SNMPv2c, SNMPv3, NTP, RADIUS and TACACS+ .      

9 Switch should support port security, DHCP snooping, Dynamic ARP inspection, IP Source guard, BPDU Guard, Spanning tree root guard.      

10 
Switch should support IPv6 Binding Integrity Guard, IPv6 Snooping, 
IPv6 RA Guard, IPv6 DHCP Guard, IPv6 Neighbor Discovery 
Inspection and IPv6 Source Guard. 

  
  

11 Should support 802.1x authentication and accounting, IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs and Dynamic VLAN assignment.      

12 Switch shall support application visibility and traffic monitoring with minimum 12 K netFlow/sflow/jflow entries.     



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 39 

 

 

13 
Switch shall conform to UL 60950 or IEC 60950 or CSA 60950 or EN 
60950 Standards for Safety requirements of Information Technology 
Equipment.  

  
  

14 
Switch shall conform to EN 55022 Class A/B or CISPR22 Class A/B 
or CE Class A/B or FCC Class A/B Standards for EMC (Electro 
Magnetic Compatibility) requirements.  

  
  

15 Switch / Switch’s Operating System should be tested and certifiedfor EAL 2/NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification.      
16 Switch should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready.      

17 OEM should be “Leader” in published Gartner Magic Quadrant for last 3 years i.e. 2015, 2016, 2017   
 

42U Network Rack 

Sr.no Specification 
Compliance 

Yes/No  
Remarks 
(If any) 

1  600W*1000D Network rack 42U     

2 

Basic frame: Frame of sturdy frame section construction, consisting 
of 9 x folded rolled hollow frame section punched in 25mm DIN pitch 
pattern. All profile edges are radiuses. The corners are stiffened with 
welded zinc die-cast corner connectors, Front and rear perforated door. 
Top cover with cable entry and Bottom open. 42 U 19" L type angle 
Front & Rear on 6 x punched section. Color RAL 9005 or RAL 7035 

    

3 
Painting/ Coating : Primary Dip Coat = 20-30 Microns Power Coat = 
80-120 Microns, ISO 9001, EN ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 
approvals required for manufacturing facility 

    

4 Top mounted FAN (Set of 4)     
5 5 /15A, 10 Socket PDU with MCB     
6 Castors with brake and without brake (2+2)     
7 Component Shelf (1 nos.)     
8 2 side panels Screw fitted     
9 Key lock, locking system     

10 Captive Hardware (Pack of 20)     
 

29U Network Rack 

Sr.no Specification 
Compliance 

Yes/No  
Remarks 
(If any) 

1  600W*600D Network rack 29U     

2 

Basic frame: Frame of sturdy frame section construction, consisting of 
9 x folded rolled hollow frame section punched in 25mm DIN pitch 
pattern. All profile edges are radiuses. The corners are stiffened with 
welded zinc die-cast corner connectors, Front and rear perforated door. 
Top cover with cable entry and Bottom open. 29 U 19" L type angle 
Front & Rear on 6 x punched section. Color RAL 9005 or RAL 7035 
  

    



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 40 

 

 

3 
Painting/ Coating : Primary Dip Coat = 20-30 Microns Power Coat = 
80-120 Microns, ISO 9001, EN ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 
approvals required for manufacturing facility 

    

4 Top mounted FAN (Set of 4)     
5 5 /15A, 10 Socket PDU with MCB     
6 Castors with brake and without brake (2+2)     
7 Component Shelf (1 nos.)     
8 2 side panels Screw fitted     
9 Key lock, locking system     

10 Captive Hardware (Pack of 20)     
 
 

6 core optical Fiber Armored Multi-Mode OM3 

Sr.no Feature Specification Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks 
(If any) 

1 Cable Type 

Optical fibers in water blocked loose tube, taped, 
corrugated steel tape armored (STA) polyethylene 
(HDPE) outer sheathed embedded with two steel 
wires on the periphery. The cables are with UV 
Stabilized PE Jacket and 
protected from Rodent attacks. complying to 
ISO/IEC 11801, EN50173, ANSI/TIA 568-C.3, 
Telcordia GR-20; suitable for use in indoor / 
outdoor ducts, direct burial and backbone cabling 

    

2 Fiber Type 

Multi-Mode, 50/125 micron primary coated 
buffers, OM3 (IEC 60793-2-50, B1.3 and ITU T 
G652.d). Shall be manufactured using Vapor 
Axial Deposition technology. 

    

  Construction type     

3 Number of 
elements 

1     

4 Tube:  Polybutylene, Terephthalate(PBT)     
5 Tube color:  White     
6 Tube diameter 3.0/2.0 mm nominal OD/ID     
8 No of fibers: 4/6/8/12     

9 Fiber color 
sequence 

Blue, Orange, Green, Brown, Slate (Grey), White, 
Red,  Black, Yellow, Violet, Pink, Aqua     

10 Water Blocking 
Thixotropic Gel (Tube)  Petroleum Jelly 
(Interstices)     

11 Core Wrapping Polyethylene Terephthalate     

12 Armoring: Corrugated Steel Tape Armor (ECCS Tape)  Thickness > 0.125mm     

13 
Peripheral 
Strength 
Member 

Two Steel wires (0.9 mm dia)     

14 Ripcord: 
Polyester based yarns below armored tape for 
easy ripping     



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 41 

 

 

15 Outer Sheath 
UV Stabilized 
Polyethylene (HDPE)     

16 Sheath thickness 2.0 mm nominal     
17 Sheath color Black     
  Standards     

18   

complying to ISO/IEC 11801 2nd Edition, type 
OS1/OS2; AS/ACIF S008; AS/NZS 3080 ; 
TIA/EIA 568.C.3; IEC-60793-1, 60793-2  
EN50173, ANSI/TIA 568-C.3, Telcordia GR-20; 
suitable for use in indoor / outdoor ducts, direct 
burial and backbone cabling 

    

  Mechanical characteristics     

19 
Dimensions and 

Mass Overall 
Cable (Nominal): 

9.0 MM     

20 Mass (Nominal) 80 kg/km     
21 Cable length 2 km ± 10%     

22 
Max. Bending 
Radius (during 

installation) 
20 X Overall diameter     

23 
Max. Bending 
Radius (during 

full load): 
10 X Overall diameter     

24 
Max. Tensile 

Strength-Short 
Term 

1500N     

25 
Max. Crush 

Resistance-Short 
Term: 

2000N/10 cm     

26 
Operating 

Temperature 
range 

-40°C ±70°C     

  Optical characteristics     

27 
Mode Field 
Diameter @ 

850nm 
50 + 3.0 μm     

28 Cladding Diameter 125 + 2.0 μm     

  Electrical/Optical Characteristics     

29 Attenuation 

Characteristics - Optical Performance 
Max. Attenuation (Cable with fibers) 
At 850 nm: 3.0 dB/km 
At 1330 nm: 1.0 dB/km 

    

  Min Bandwidth     

30   At 850 nm: 2000MHz At 1300 nm: 500MHz     



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 42 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Unloaded LIU 12 Port 
Sr. 
No.  Specification 

Compliance 
Yes/No  

Remarks (If 
any) 

1 
Supply and Installation LIU 12 PORT RACK MOUNT BLK with 
Splice Tray and Cable spool FIBER PATCH PANELS – RACK 
MOUNT 

    

2 Characteristic Min. Required Specification     

3  Have sufficient slots accommodate duplex LC adapters individually. 
    

4  Should have fiber management provision inside     
5  Have earthing lugs and other accessories.     
6  Panel cover should be slide out for easy maintenance     

7 
 Provide self-adhesive, clear label holders (transparent plastic 
window type) and white designation labels with the panel, for front 
panel labeling. 

    

8 LC Adaptor Module Panel     
9 Blank slot of LIU should be filled with blanking plate     

 
 

ADAPTOR LC Multi Mode OM3 

Sr.No Specification Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks 
(If any) 

  

General      
Supply And Installation ADAPTOR LC MM -ZR-SLEEVE                                                                                           
SL QUAD ADAPTORS P/N. 

    

Characteristic Min. Required Specification     

Features All SC adaptors should be duplex type with shutter for 
protection.  Adapters should be snap mount for easy insertion and 
removal.  

    

Features     

Adapters should be with a shutter providing a barrier against 
harmful light emissions and with either precise zirconia ceramic or 
rugged phosphor bronze alignment sleeves 

    

It should be with Small footprint, RoHS Compliant, Zirconia, 
phosphor bronze and polymer alignment sleeves, Unique shuttered 
feature protects from harmful light emissions. Available upon 
application 

    

It should be in multimode     



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 43 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

PIGTAIL LC Multi Mode OM3 

Sr.no Specification Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks 
(If any) 

  

General     
Supply And Installation PIGTAIL LC MM SIMPLEX LENGTH-   
(Fiber Cable Pigtail  Splicing / Fusion Inclusive fixing of LIU )                                                                                                                                                          
Optical Fiber Optic Pigtails  

    

Characteristic Min. Required  Specification     

Features Connector Type:- LC-Style, Pre-terminated Pigtails offer 
premium factory-controlled optical performance on a variety of 
connectors that enable fast, economical installation. Pre-terminated 
leads are ideal for mission-critical backbone applications such as Data 
center tie cables and low optical loss backbone riser cables 

    

MM connectors:- 500 cycles, Beige     
 Ferrules:- Pre-radiuses Ceramic Ferrules     
 Attenuation:- Not more than 0.75 dB per mated pair       
Features     

Characteristics 
Cable: 900um Buffered 
Outside Diameter: 900um 
Buffer Diameter: 900um tight buffer 
Minimum bend radius: install: 30 mm 
Operating Temperature: -20ºC to 75ºC 
Retention Strength: 100N 
Cable Sheath: LS0H 

    

Features and Benefits:  
Standard or custom assemblies 
Precision ferrule end face geometry 
Controlled fiber protrusion 
Factory polished, tested and serialized. 

    

Standards: 
ISO/IEC 1108:2008. ANSI/TIA/EIA- 
568-C.3, EIA 492, Tele Cordia GR-409, 
ICEA-596, OS2-STD ITU-T-G652 D 
LS0H* IEC 61034-1&2, IEC-60332-1 
IEC 60754-1&2 standards 

    



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 44 

 

 

 
Optical Fiber Patch Cords LC-LC OM3  - 3 mtr 

Sr.no Specification Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks  
(If any) 

  

Features:      

Optical Fiber Patch Cords should be with LSZH jacket as standard. Patch 
cords should be offer factory –controlled performance in a variety of 
connector, ISO performance standards and lengths. It has taken specific 
attention to the end-face geometry and fiber core alignment to ensure 
reliability and optimized performance 

 

  

Features and Benefits:  
100% Factory Tested – Guaranteed performance 
LS0H Jacket Standard – Reduces toxic/corrosive gasses emitted during 
combustion. Plenun and PVC 
also available 
Multiple Formats available - Available in Simplex, 
Duplex, Single Mode, Multi-Mode and a variety of 
connector options 

    

Mechanical Characteristics 
Cordage O.D.: 2.0mm +/- 0.1mm x 
4.1mm +/- 0.2mm 
Buffer Diameter: 900μ 
Primary Coating: 245μ 
Strength Member: Aramid Yarn 
Jacket Material: LS0H IEC 61034-1 & 2, 
IEC-60332-1, IEC-60754- 
1 & 2 
Minimum Bend Radius: Install: 3.0cm. 
Long Term Bend Radius: 2.0cm 
Operating Temperature: -40°C to +85°C 

    

Standards:  
ISO/IEC 1108:2008, ANSI/TIA/EIA 568.C.3, ANSI/TIA/ 
EIA-492, TELECORDIA GR-409, ICEA-596 
OS2 -STD ITU-T-652D 

    

 
 
 

Cat 6 4 Pair U/UTP Cable 

Sr.no Technical Specification Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks 
(If any) 

1 Type Unshielded twisted pair cabling system, TIA / EIA 568-C.2 Category 6 Cabling system 
    

2 Network support 

Supports ultrahigh speed data networks such 
as Gigabit Ethernet (1000 Base-T and 1000 
Base-TX) 
and beyond. 

    



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 45 

 

 

3 TIA / EIA 568-B.1 
ETL Verified, UL Listed and UL channel 
verified- All three Certificates are mandatory 

    

4 IEEE 802.3ab Zero-bit Error, ETL verified     

5 Warranty 

25-year systems warranty; Warranty to cover 
Bandwidth of the specified and installed 
cabling system, and the installation costs. 
Site certificate must be issued by OEM  

    

6 

Performance 
characteristics to be 
provided along with 
bid 

Attenuation, Pair-to-pair and PS NEXT, 
ELFEXT and PSELFEXT, Return Loss, 
ACR and PS ACR for 4-connector channel 

    

7 Manufacturer All passive cabling must be from same OEM     
8 Conductors 23 AWG solid bare copper     
9 Insulation Polyethylene     

10 Jacket PVC     
11 Filler PE     

12 Approvals 
UL Listed and UL Channel verified     
ETL verified to TIA / EIA Cat 6     

13 Frequency tested up to  600 MHz minimum     
14 Outer dia 6.2 mm     
15 Packing Box of 305 meters     
16 shipping weight 305m reel in a box 24kg     
17 Impedance 100 Ohms + / - 15 ohms     

18 

Performance 
characteristics to be 
provided along with 
bid 

Attenuation, Pair-to-pair and PS NEXT, 
ELFEXT and PSELFEXT, Return Loss, 
ACR and PS ACR 

    

19 Delay Skew:  45ns Max     
20 Impedance:  100 ± 15 Ohms     
21 Current Rating:  1.5 A Max     

22 Conductor DC 
Resistance:  

66.5Ω/km 
    

23 Voltage:  150VAC     
24 NVP 67%     
25 Propagation delay:  535ns/100m @250MHz     
26 Mutual Capacitance:  5.6nF/100m Nominal     
27 Insulation Resistance:  500 MΩ Minimum     
28 Dielectric Strength:  1000 V RMS     
29 Contact Resistance:  10 mΩ Max     
30 Fire Propagation Test UL 1581 VW1, IEC 60332.1, EN0256-2-1     

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 46 

 

 

 
CAT 6 Jack I/O 

Sr. 
No.  Specification 

Compliance 
Yes/No  

Remarks 
(If any) 

1 
Cat6  Data Gate Jack with Spring loaded Shuttered in-out effect & 
Face Plate with tagging from OEM for Data / Voice / Other 
application,    (ii) FACE PLATE 

    

2 Specification     
3 Features Single Gang square plate, 86mmx86mm     

4  Write on labels in transparent plastic window – supplied with plate 
    

5  Screw hole covers – to be supplied with plate     
6  Plug in Icons – Icon tree – to be supplied with plate     

7  Should be able to support variety of jacks – UTP, STP, Fiber, Coax etc. INFORMATION OUTLET 
    

8 Characteristic Min. Required  Specification     
9 Features Category 6, TIA568B.2-1 – 250MHz     

10  All information outlets for 100 W, 22-24 AWG copper cable shall: 
    

11 Use insulation displacement connectors (IDC)      

12  Allow for a minimum of 200 re-terminations without signal degradation below standards compliance limits. 
    

13  Be constructed of high impact, flame-retardant thermoplastic with color and icon options for better visual identification. 

    

14  With spring loaded shutter      
15  With Terminator cap     
16  IDC posts should be pointed     
17  568A/B configuration     

18 
 Information outlet (RJ45 jack) should be covered under ETL 
Verification program for compliance with TIA568B.2-1, ETL 
certificate to be submitted with offer 

    

19 Mechanical : Jack Connector Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or equivalent 
    

20  Operating Life: Minimum 750 insertion cycles     
21  Contact Material: Copper alloy     
22  Contact Plating: 50 µinches gold over 100 µinches nickel     
23  Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or equivalent     
24  Operating Life: Minimum 200 Re-terminations     
25  IDC Contact Plating: Tin Plate (tin/lead)      

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 47 

 

 

 
CAT 6 LSZH Patch cord 1mtr /  2 Mtr 

Sr. No.  Specification Compliance Yes/No  
Remarks 
(If any) 

1 Cat 6 U/UTP Patch Cord LSZH - 1m / 2m MOUNTING CORDS     
2 Characteristic Min. Required  Specification     
3 Features Category 6 Equipment cords     

4 

 The work area equipment cords shall, at a minimum comply with 
proposed ANSI/TIA/EIA-568-B.2-1 Commercial Building Cabling 
Standards Transmission Performance Specifications for 4 pair 100W 
Category 6 Cabling.  

    

5 
 Category 6 modular equipment cords: Shall be round, and consist of 
eight insulated 24 AWG, stranded copper conductors, arranged in four 
color-coded twisted-pairs within a flame-retardant jacket. 

    

6  Equipped with modular 8-position modular plugs on both ends, wired straight through with standards compliant wiring.      

7  Should have 50 micro inches of gold plating over nickel contacts.      

8  Modular cords should include a molded strain relief boot.      

9  Should be covered by ETL verification program for compliance with TIA 568B.2-1.  Certificate to be submitted with bid.     

10 Mechanical – Cable Conductor size: 24 AWG stranded bare copper     

11  Max O.D.: 5.6mm (.22”)     
12  Jacket: PVC LSZH     
13  Temperature range: -20oC to +60oC     

14 Mechanical Characteristics – Plug Operating life: Minimum 750 insertion cycles     

15  Contact material: Copper alloy     
16  Contact plating: 50µ” Gold/100µ”Nickel     

17  Plug dimensions & tolerances compliant with FCC Part 68 and IEC 60603-7     

18  Approvals: UL, CSA     
19 Electrical Characteristics – Plug Max voltage: 150 VAC (max)     
20  Max current: 1.5A @ 25oC     
21  Operating temperature: -40 C to 85 C     

 



 
 

Request for Proposal (RFP) for Networking Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 48 

 

 

CAT 6 UTP Patch Panel, 24 port Loaded 
Sr. 
No.  Specification 

Compliance 
Yes/No  

Remarks 
(If any) 

1 Cat 6 24 Port Loaded Patch Panel  - 1U 24 PORT JACK PANEL     
2 Characteristic Min. Required  Specification     

3 Features Be made of powder coated steel, in 24 port configurations. 
    

4  Allow for a minimum of 200 re-terminations without signal degradation below standards compliance limit. 
    

5  Have port identification numbers on the front of the panel.     

6 
 Should have self-adhesive, clear label holders (transparent plastic 
window type) and white designation labels with the panel, with optional 
color labels / icons. 

    

7 
 Should be upgradeable as Intelligent Patch Panel without changing the 
existing Patch Panel hardware and by simple retro fitting of intelligent 
sensors as and when required. 

    

8  Each port / jack on the panel should be individually removable on field from the panel. 
    

9  Should have integrated rear cable management shelf.     

10  Should be covered by ETL verification program for compliance with TIA 568B.2-1.  
    

11  Shutter on the jack panel port is mandatory     
12 Mechanical Characteristics     

13 Jack Connector Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or equivalent 
    

14  Operating Life: Minimum 750 insertion cycles     
15  Contact Material: Copper Alloy     
16  Contact Plating: 50µ” Gold/100µ” Nickel     
17  Contact Force: 100g minimum     
18  Plug Retention Force: 15 lb.     

19 IDC Connector Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or equivalent 
    

20  Operating Life: Minimum 200 re-terminations     
21  Contact Material: Copper Alloy     
22  IDC Contact Plating: Tin/Lead Plate     
23  Contact Force: 100g minimum     
24  Wire Accommodation: 22-24 AWG solid     



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

FACE PLATE 
Sr. 
No.  Min. Required  Specification 

Compliance 
Yes/No  

Remarks (If 
any) 

1 

Characteristic & Features     
Single Gang square plate, 86mmx86mm     
Write on labels in transparent plastic window – supplied with 
plate     

Screw hole covers – to be supplied with plate     
Plug in Icons – Icon tree – to be supplied with plate     
Should be able to support variety of jacks – UTP, STP, Fiber, 
Coax etc.     

Standard Back box 
Sr. 
No.  Specification 

Compliance 
Yes/No  

Remarks (If 
any) 

2 Supply and Installation BACK BOX -(Surface Mount Box) For Single 86mmx86mm     



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 50 

 

 

Document Compliance (Yes/No) 
Page No. of the 

Physical Bid 
Concept, Design and Solution- Bidder shall provide a narrative 
and graphical description in sufficient detail to clearly define 
the proposed concept(s) 

  

Products to be used, their availability and their specifications   
Technical compliance with reference (to submit Brochures/ 
specifications) 

  

All Hardware requirements, system software and application 
software 

  

Sample Project Management Plan, including reasonable target 
dates, major tasks and steps 

  

 

Compliance Check List- To be submitted as part of technical Bid 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Please note that list is the minimum documents to be enclosed. However, bidder shall 
submit more documents to meet the tender requirement. 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 51 

 

 

List of Documents to be enclosed to be submitted as part of Technical Bid 
 

 

Sr.No. Eligibility Criteria Supporting document (should be notary 
 

 
 

A 

Bidder shall be either Original Equipment Manufacture 
or shall be Authorized System Integrator Partner having 
direct purchase and quoted for this tender. (MAF is 
mandatory for all quoted items)  

Certificate/Authorization letter 
specific to tender must been 
closed by authorized 
representative of the OEM with 
technical bid. In case the bidder 
is system Integrator partner MAF 
and declaration from OEM that 
production quoted is not end of 
life and it shall support spares, 
patches for the quoted products 
shall available for next 5 years 

      
 B 

Bidder shall be registered in India under Companies Act 
1956 and Companies Act  2013 at least for 3 years on 
31.12.2017 

Certificate of Incorporation 
(Mandatory). 

C 
Bidder shall have valid  certificate of ISO 9001:2008 or 
above and at least 3 years shall be completed as on 
31.12.2017 

Copy of Certification. 

D 

Bidder’s Average Annual Turnover of the Company 
Registered in India during last 3 years ending 31.03.17 
shall be at least Rs. 10 Crore in India. 
 
Note: The annual turnover is taken for last three 
financial years ending 31.03.17 i.e. FY 2014-15, 2015-
16 & 2016-17 

CA certified copy of the last 
three years (i.e. 2014-15, 2015-
16 & 2016-17) audited finance 
statements or Audited Balance 
sheet along compulsory CA 
certified statement. 

E 
Bidder should have positive net-worth as per 
last audited balance sheet ending on 31-03-17 

CA certified and audited balance 
sheet 

      

F 

Bidder should have successfully executed  network project  
in any one of the following in last five years: 
 
 One project of minimum 200 LAN /WAN nodes and 
worth of atleast Rs. 50 lacs. 
 
 Two projects of minimum 100 LAN /WAN nodes and 
worth of atleast Rs.  35 lacs each; 
 
 Three project of minimum 50 LAN /WAN nodes and 
worth of atleast Rs. 25 lacs each 

Copy of purchase Order and 
completion certificate shall be 
enclosed by the bidder. 



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 52 

 

 

G 
Bidder must have on its roll at least 25 technically qualified 
employee for IT projects execution. 

An undertaking by an authorized 
signatory of the company needs 
to be submitted in this regard. 

H 

Bidder  shall  not  be  blacklisted / banned/ disqualified  /  
declared  ineligible  /  declared having  dissatisfactory  
performance  by  any government / quasi- government 
authority in India for supply of materials / carrying out 
operations and maintenance work. 

An undertaking by an authorized 
signatory of the company needs 
to be submitted in this regard. 
Also, enclose 
contact details of authorized 
personnel 

     Mandatory Documents to be submitted in technical bid to be verified for pre- qualification. 
Failure to which, Bidder will be technically disqualified. 

I Bidder should be registered for GST 
Copy of the registration should 
be submitted with this bid. 

J 
Bidder shall have sales & service set up office in 
Gujarat since last 5 years as on tender as on floating date. 

Office & service center address 
proof document (like telephone 
bill, electricity bill or rent 
agreement) should be submitted. 
(Any type of  consortium/JV/sub-
contract would not be accepted) 

K 

A power of attorney should be accompanied by the board 
resolution authorizing the Director/ competent authority to 
execute POA and such authorized official shall sign all Bid 
Documents/deeds/declarations/undertaking/communications 
etc. The authorized official shall represent the Bidder in 
connection with this project. 

Original power of attorney on a 
stamp paper of Rs. 100/- (Rupees 
Hundred only) for this project 
along with board resolution of the 
company. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 53 

 

 

Experience Details 
 

Sr. 
No. 

Name of the 
customer with 
address of 
installation 

Scope 
of 
Work 

Technical details/ 
Specifications(Equivalent to the 
specification requested in the RFP) 

Value of 
the 
Project in 
INR 

1     

2     

3     

4     

5     

 
Please add additional lines if required... 

 
Make and Model List 

 

Sr. 
No. Name of the Item Make Model 

Supporting 
Document 
Submitted 
or Not? 

1     

2     

3     

4     

5     

 
 

Please add additional lines if required... 



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 63 

 

 

ANNEXURE II- COMMERCIAL BID (BOM A) 
 

ANNEXURE II- COMMERCIAL BID 

Sr. 
No. Description of Item 

UO
M 

Quantit
y 

Unit 
Rate 

Total Amount 
without Tax 

Tax rate in 
Percentage 

Total Tax 
Amount 

Total Amount 
with Tax 

(A) (B) (C)=(C=A*B) (%) (D) (E) (E=C*D) (F) (F=C+E) 
SUPPLY PART- A 

1 Core switch -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 1           

2 Access Switch Non POE -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 11           

3 Access Switch POE -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 2           

4 Multimode SFP Module -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 10           

5 Indoor Access Point -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 12           

6 
6 Core optical Fiber Armored 
Multi-Mode OM3 -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

Mtr
. 300           

7 Unloaded LIU 12 Port -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 5           

8 
ADAPTOR LC Multi-Mode 
OM3 -  

    

No
s. 10       

    

9 PIGTAIL LC Multi Mode OM3 -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 36           

10 
Optical Fiber Patch Cords LC-LC 
OM3  - 3 mtr -  
(As per Technical Specification) 

No
s. 8           

11 Cat 6 4 Pair U/UTP Cable -  (As per Technical Specification) 
Bo
x 40           

12 CAT 6 Jack I/O -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 252           



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 64 

 

 

13 CAT 6 LSZH Patch cord 1mtr -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 282           

14 CAT 6 LSZH Patch cord 2 Mtr -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 272           

15 
CAT 6 UTP Patch Panel, 24 port 
Loaded - 
(As per Technical Specification) 

No
s. 13           

16 Face Plate - Single/Dual- (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 252           

17 Standard Back box -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 252           

18 42U Network Rack -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 1           

19 29 U Network Rack -  (As per Technical Specification) 
No
s. 4           

20 
25MM PVC Conduit with 
accessories -  
(Standard ISI) 

Mtr
. 4050           

21 
32MM HDPE Pipe with 
accessories -  
(Standard ISI) 

Mtr
. 200           

22 
32MM Flexible Pipe Rain Force 
-  
(Standard) 

Mtr
. 500           

 
 



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 65 

 

 

 
 

Sr. 
No. Description of Item UOM 

Quantity Unit Rate 
Total Amount 
without Tax 

Tax rate in 
Percentage 

Total Tax 
Amount 

Total 
Amount 
with Tax 

(A) (B) (C)=(C=A*B) (%) (D) (E) (E=C*D) (F) (F=C+E) 

SERVICES PART- B 
1 Core switch Installation Charges Nos. 1           

2 Access Switch Non POE  & POE Installation Charges  Nos. 13           

3 Indoor Access Point Installation Charges  Nos. 12           

4 6 Core Optical Fiber Armored Multi-Mode Laying Charges Mtr. 300           

5 Unloaded LIU 12 Port Installation Charges  Nos. 5           

6 PIGTAIL LC Multi Mode OM3  Splicing Charges & OTDR Testing Nos. 36           

7 Cat 6 4 Pair U/UTP Cable Laying & Pulling Charges Mtr. 12200           

8 

CAT 6 Jack I/O termination with 
Faceplate & back box installation Charges 
including Ferruling, Labeling, Node 
Scanning  

Nos. 252           

9 CAT 6 UTP Patch Panel, 24 port Loaded Termination Charges Nos. 13           

10 42U Network Rack - Installation Charges  Nos. 1           

11 29U Network Rack - Installation Charges  Nos. 4           

12 Laying of 25MM PVC Conduit with Accessories Charges Mtr. 4550           



 
 

Request For Proposal (RFP) for Video Conferencing Solution at GSRTC 

Sign and seal of authorize person of Bidder Page 66 

 

 

13 Laying of 32MM HDPE Pipe with  Accessories Charges Mtr. 200           

14 Project Management Charges & Documentation Charges LS 1           

         
Grand Total PART - A + B      

 
 
 
 

Note:     (1) L1 will be finalized on the Grand Total Amount without taxes. However, GSRTC may ask L1 bidder to match lowest prices of an    
       individual items where other bidder have given lower prices.  

 
(2) Any changes in Govt. Taxes/ Duties would be applicable as on actual at the time of invoice processing. 

 
(3) Quantity may be increased or decreased at the time of actual deployment. 
 

 


