












































Microsoft Word - Final-RFP-Digitization_312018


Page	1	of	37 
 

Tender 
 

For  
 

Selection of Service Provider 
 

For 
 

Digitization of Records 
 

for 
 

Gujarat Real Estate Regulatory Authority (RERA) 
 

Tender No: SW03012018152 
 

Bid Processing Fees: 2,360/- 
 

Earnest Money Deposit: 2,00,000/- 
 
 
 

 
Gujarat Informatics Ltd 

Block no. 1, 8th floor, Udyog Bhavan, 
Sector-11, Gandhianagar-382017, Gujarat 

Ph. No. 23259237, 23259240 
Fax: 23238925. 

www.gil.gujarat.gov.in 
 

Last date for submission of queries: 10th January, 2018 upto 1200 hrs 
Date of Pre-Bid Meeting: 12th January, 2018 at 1200 hrs. 

Last date of Submission of Bids: 25th January, 2018 upto 1500 hrs. 
Opening of Technical Bid: 25th January, 2018 at 1600 hrs.   



Page	2	of	37 
 

Abbreviation 
 

GUJ RERA Gujarat Real Estate Regulatory Authority 
DST Department of Science & Technology, GoG 
GoG Government of Gujarat 
SDC State Data Center 
GIL Gujarat Informatics Limited 
ITB Instruction to Bidder 
EMD Earnest Money Deposit 
GCC General Condition of Contract 
SCC Special Condition of Contract 
PBG Performance Bank Guarantee 
TSP Total Solution Provider 
OCR Optical character reorganization 
SP Service Provider 

 
  



Page	3	of	37 
 

TABLE 
1.  SECTION	1:	INVITATION	FOR	BIDS	.........................................................................................................	4 

2.  SECTION	2:	INSTRUCTIONS	TO	BIDDERS	..............................................................................................	6 

A.  INTRODUCTION	.............................................................................................................................................	6 

B.  BIDDING	DOCUMENTS	.................................................................................................................................	7 

C.  PREPARATION	OF	BIDS	..............................................................................................................................	8 

D.  SUBMISSION	OF	BIDS	...................................................................................................................................	9 

E.  OPENING	AND	EVALUATION	OF	BID	...................................................................................................	10 

F.  AWARD	OF	CONTRACT	.............................................................................................................................	11 

3.  SECTION	3:	GENERAL	CONDITION	CONTRACT.	...............................................................................	14 

4.  SECTION	4:	SPECIAL	CONDITIONS	OF	CONTRACT	..........................................................................	22 

5.  SECTION	5:		SCOPE	OF	WORK.................................................................................................................	25 

6.  SECTION	6:		TECHNICAL	EVALUATION	METHODOLOGY	..............................................................	29 

7.  SECTION	7:	FINANCIAL	BID	FORMS	.....................................................................................................	30 

8.  SECTION	8:	BID	FORM	..............................................................................................................................	31 

9.  SECTION	9:	BIDDER’S	AUTHORISATION	CERTIFICATE	................................................................	32 

10.  SECTION	10:	FORMAT	OF	EARNEST	MONEY	DEPOSIT	IN	FORM	OF	BANK	GUARANTEE	..	33 

11.  SECTION	11:	PERFORMANCE	BANK	GUARANTEE	...........................................................................	35 

12.  ANNEXURE‐1:	SELF	DECLARATION	......................................................................................................	36 

 

  



Page	4	of	37 
 

1. SECTION 1: INVITATION FOR BIDS 
 
Gujarat Informatics Limited on behalf of Gujarat Real Estate Regulatory Authorityinvites 
online bids for “Selection of Service Provider for Digitization of Records for GUJ RERA” 
 
Actual award of contract will follow the conditions as per this document. This document 
is given for enabling the bidders to know the tender conditions so as to guide them in 
filling up the technical bid and financial bid for the said work. 
 
1. The bidders may download the tender document from website of Gujarat Informatics 

Limited (www.gil.gujarat.gov.in) as well as from https://gil.nprocure.com.  
2. This RFP document is not transferable. 

 
3. No Consortium will be allowed. 

 
4. Bidders shall submit bid processing fees in the form of Demand Draft in the name of 

“Gujarat Informatics Ltd.” payable at Gandhinagar along with the covering letter.  
 

5. Bidders shall submit Bid security/EMD of Rs.2,00,000/- in the form of Demand Draft 
OR in the form of an unconditional Bank Guarantee (which should be valid for 9 
months from the last date of bid submission) of any Nationalized Bank including the 
public sector bank or Private Sector Banks or Commercial Banks or Co-Operative 
Banks and Rural Banks (operating in India having branch at Ahmedabad/ 
Gandhinagar) as per the G.R. no. EMD/10/2015/508/DMO dated 27.04.2016 issued 
by Finance Department or further instruction issued by Finance department time to 
time; in the name of “Gujarat Informatics Ltd.” payable at Gandhinagar (as per 
prescribed format given at Section 10) and must be submitted along with the covering 
letter.  
 

6. The sealed cover should be super scribe as “Bid Processing fees & Bid Security/EMD 
for the Request for Proposal for “Selection of Service Provider for Digitization of 
Records for GUJ RERA”.  
 

7. Important Information 
Sl. No. Information Details 

1.  Last Date, Time for submission of 
written queries for clarification only 
by e-mail as per predefine format.  

10th January, 2018 upto 1200 
hrs. 
vipulp@gujarat.gov.in 

2.  Place, Date and Time for the Pre 
bid meeting  

12th January, 2018 at 1200 hrs.  
Gujarat Rera Office, 
Conference Room-2, 1st floor,  
STP office, Chief Town Planning 
Building, Opp. St. Xeviour School, 
Sectior-10 A, Gandhinagar.  

3.  Last date and time for submission 
of EMD/ Bid Security & Bid 

25th January, 2018 upto 1500 
hrs.



Page	5	of	37 
 

Processing fees in GIL physically 
along with original Annexure -1. 

4.  Last Date and Time for the 
Submission of Proposal 
(Technical and Commercial) 
(Online) 

25th January, 2018 upto 1500 
hrs. 

5.  Place, Date and Time for opening 
of Technical Proposals 

25th January, 2018 at 1600 hrs. 
Gujarat Informatics Ltd. 
Conference Room 
Block No. 1, 8th Floor, 
Udyog Bhavan, Gandhinagar 

6.  Contact person for queries DGM( Tech),  
Gujarat Informatics Limited  

7.  Address for communication DGM( Tech),  
Gujarat Informatics Ltd. 
Block No. 1, 8th Floor, 
Udyog Bhavan, Gandhinagar 

8.  Place, date and time for opening of 
financial/commercial proposal 

The place, date and time for opening 
of financial/commercial proposal will 
give to the technically qualified bidder 
later on. 

9.  Bid validity 180 days 
 

8. Technical and Financial bids will be opened in the presence of bidders’ or their 
representatives who choose to attend on the specified date and time. 
 

9. Financial bids of only eligible bidder matching the pre-qualification criteria of the bids 
and qualify in presentation will be opened. 
 

10. In the event of the date specified for receipt and opening of bid being declared as a 
holiday by Govt. of Gujarat, the due date for opening of bids will be the next working 
day at the appointed time. 
 

11. Gujarat Informatics Ltd/ GUJ RERA reserve the right to accept or reject any tender 
offer without assigning any reason. 
 

12. Use & Release of Bidder Submissions: 
GIL/GUJ RERA is not liable for any costincurred by a bidder in the preparation and 
production of any proposal, the preparation or execution of any benchmark 
demonstrations, simulation or laboratoryservice or for any work performed prior to the 
execution of a formal contract.  All materials submitted become the property of the 
GIL/ GUJ RERA and may be returned at its sole discretion. The content of each 
bidder’s proposal will be held in strict confidence during the evaluation process, and 
details of any Proposals will not be discussed outside the evaluation process. 
 



Page	6	of	37 
 

13. The document/papers prepared in this connection shall be the property of the GUJ 
RERA/GIL and will have to be deposited with the GUJ RERA after the work is over. 
 

14. Bid validity period is 180 days. 
2. SECTION 2: INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS 

A. INTRODUCTION 
2.1 Source of Funds. 
2.1.1 GUJ RERA is calling the short listed SP for availing the service of Data Digitization 

for GUJ RERA as mention in the Scope of work.  
2.1.2 The Work order for the required service will be placed on the selected service 

provider by GUJ RERA directly and the payment for the service mention in the said 
work order will be made directly by the GUJ RERA from their own source of fund 
as per financial terms and condition of RFP. 

 

2.2 Pre-Qualification Criteria 
The firm/company meeting the following eligibility criteria will be considered for 
further evaluation. 

 

Sr 
No. 

Pre-Qualification Criteria Attachments 

1  The Bidder should be in the business of 
Scanning and Data Entry related services for 
at least three years as on 31st March 2017.  

Copy of work orders 
showing at least 3 years of 
operations in Scanning and 
Data Entry related services.
 
Copy of certificate of 
Incorporation. 

2  Total turnover of the firm should be at least Rs. 
2.5Crore in each of last three financial years 
or cumulative of Rs. 7.50 crore in last three 
years (2014-15, 2015-16, 2016-17) in the 
business of scanning and Data Entry related 
services.  

CA certificate mentioning 
turnover of Scanning and 
Data Entry related services 
along with the copies of the 
audited Balance sheet and 
profit and loss accounts.  

3  Bidder should have ongoing/completed at 
least 3 such Scanning projects with each of 
value more than 30lacsor 2 such projects with 
value more than 40Lacs or 1 such project with 
value of more than 50 lacsin the last five years 
as on last date of submission of bid. 

Copy of Work Orders and 
Satisfactory Completion 
Certificates from the client. 

4  The bidder should have handled average 
annual 50 lacs documents in the last three 
years as on last date of submission of bid.  

Necessary certificates on 
client letterheads should be 
submitted as testimonials. 

5  The Bidder should have ISO 9001:2008 or 
latest certification for scanning / Digitization / 
Document Management related services. 

Submit a copy of the 
requisite certificate. 

6  The Bidder should not be under a declaration 
of ineligibility for corrupt and fraudulent 

Self-Declaration as 
Annexure-1 



Page	7	of	37 
 

practices issued by Government of Gujarat or 
any of the PSU in the state of Gujarat. 
Certificate / affidavit mentioning that the 
Bidder is not currently blacklisted by 
Government of Gujarat or any of the PSU in 
the state of Gujarat is due to engagement in 
any corrupt & fraudulent practices. 

All Supporting Documents are to be uploaded in our e-Tendering website 
https://gil.nprocure.com 

 
2.3 Cost of Bidding 
2.3.1 The Bidder shall bear all the costs associated with the preparation and submission 

of its bid, and GIL will in no case be responsible or liable for these costs, regardless 
of conduct or outcome of bidding process. 

 
B. BIDDING DOCUMENTS 
2.4 Contents of Bidding Documents 
2.4.1 The bid must be submitted online on https://gil.nprocure.com 
2.4.2 The Bidder is expected to examine all instructions, forms, terms and specifications 

in the bidding documents. Failure to furnish all information required by the bidding 
documents in format or submission of a bid not substantially responsive to the 
biding documents in every respect will be at the Bidder’s risk and may result in 
rejection of its bid. 

 
2.5 Clarification of Bidding Documents 
2.5.1 A prospective bidder requiring any clarification of the bidding documents may seek 

clarification of his/her query on the date indicated on RFP clause of this document. 
GIL/ GUJ RERA will respond to any request for the clarification of any bidding 
documents, which it receives during the meeting on the date mentioned on the 
RFP clause of this document GIL shall hold a pre-bid meeting with the prospective 
bidders on date & time given in Section 1.  

2.5.2 The Bidders will have to ensure that their queries for pre-bid meeting should reach 
to Name, Address, Fax and email id of the officer mentioned by post, facsimile or 
email on or before on date & time given in Section 1. 

Bidder’s Request For Clarification 
Name of Organization 
submitting request 

Name & position of 
person submitting 
request: 

Address of 
organization 
including phone, fax, 
email points of 
contact 

S.No. Bidding 
Document 
Reference 
(Clause /page) 

Content of RFP 
requiring clarification 

Points of Clarification 
required 

1    
2    



Page	8	of	37 
 

Gujarat Informatics Limited shall not be responsible for ensuring that the 
bidder’s queries have been received by them. Any requests for clarifications 
post the indicated date and time may not be entertained by the GIL/GUJ RERA. 

 
2.6 Amendment of Bidding Documents 
2.6.1 At any time prior to the deadline for submission of bids, GIL/GUJ RERA may, for 

any reason, whether on its own initiative or in response to the clarification may 
change their biding document by amendment; the amendment will be uploaded 
online through www.gil.gujarat.gov.in &https://gil.nprocure.com. 

2.6.2 In orderto allow prospective bidders reasonabletime to consider the amendments 
while preparing their bids, GIL/ GUJ RERA at its discretion, may extend the 
deadline for submission of bids. 

2.6.3 At any time prior to the last date for receipt of bids, GIL may for any reason, 
whether at its own initiative or in response to a clarification requested by a 
prospective bidder, modify the RFP document by a corrigendum. 

2.6.4 Any such corrigendum shall be deemed to be incorporated into this RFP. 
 
C. PREPARATION OF BIDS 
   
2.7 Language of Bid 
2.7.1 The proposal prepared by the bidder, as well as all correspondence and 

documents relating to the bid exchanged by the bidder and GIL shall be in English 
language. Supporting documents and printed literature furnished by the bidder 
may be in another language provided they are accompanied by an appropriate 
translation of the relevant document in the English language and in such a case, 
for purpose of interpretation of the Bid, the translation shall govern. 

 
2.8 Documents Comprising the Bid 
2.8.1 The bid prepared by the Bidder shall comprise of the following documents: 

a. Cover of EMD and Bid Processing Fee (Physically at GIL) 
b. Technical Bid and a Financial Bid completed in accordance with ITB 

Clauses2.9, 2.10 and 2.11 (Online) 
2.8.2 The bid documents and addendums (if any) together shall be considered as final 

and self-contained bid document not withstanding any previous correspondence 
or document issued by GIL/GUJ RERA. 

 
2.9 Bid Form 
2.9.1 The Bidder shall complete the Technical Bid and a Financial Bid furnished with this 

document giving details as per the format mentioned in the e-Tendering website 
https://gil.nprocure.com.  

 
2.10 Bid Prices 
2.10.1 The bidder shall indicate the prices in the format mentioned in the financial bid. 
2.10.2 The following points need to be considered while indicating prices: 



Page	9	of	37 
 

a) The prices quoted should also include, inland transportation, insurance and 
other local costs incidental to delivery of the goods and services to their 
final destination within the state of Gujarat 

b) The rates of any Indian duties, GST and other taxes which will be payable 
by the Client on the goods (if any) if this contract is awarded, should be 
quoted separately. The taxes will be extra and payable on invoice amount 
as on actual basis.   

c) Invoicing shall be from Gujarat only. 
2.10.3 The Bidder’s separation of the price components in accordance with the ITB 

Clause 2.10.2 above will be solely for the purpose of facilitating the comparison of 
bids by GIL and will not in any way limit the Client’s right to contract on any of the 
terms offered. 

 
2.11 Bid Currency 
2.11.1 Prices shall be quoted in Indian Rupees only. 
 
2.12 Period of Validity Bids 
2.12.1 Bids shall be valid for 180 days after the date of bid opening. The GIL/GUJ RERA 

shall reject a bid valid for a shorter period as non-responsive. 
2.12.2 In exceptional circumstances, the tendering authority may solicit the bidder’s 

consent to an extension of the period of validity. The request and the responses 
thereto shall be made in writing.   

2.12.3 Bid evaluation will be based on the bid prices without taking into consideration the 
above changes. 

 
2.13 Format and Signing of Bid 
2.13.1 Bidders have to submit the bids on the e-Tendering website 

https://gil.nprocure.com. All supporting documents in the form of scanned copies 
submitted online should have sign and seal of the bidder.  

2.13.2 Before filling in any of the details asked, bidders should go through the entire bid 
document and get the required clarifications from GIL/ GUJ RERA during the pre-
bid conference. 

 
D. SUBMISSION OF BIDS 
 
2.14 Sealing and Marking of Bids 
2.14.1 All bids must be submitted online through https://gil.nprocure.com as per the 

formats mentioned therein using digital signatures. 
2.14.2 Telex, cable, e-mailed or facsimile bids will be rejected. 
 
2.15 Deadline for Submission of Bids 
2.15.1 Bids must be submitted online not later than the time and date specified in the 

Invitation for Bids (Section I).  In the event of the specified date for the submission 
of Bids being declared as a holiday for GIL, the bids will be received up to the 
appointed time on the next working day.                        



Page	10	of	37 
 

2.15.2 GIL may, at its discretion, extend this deadline for submission of bids by amending 
the bid documents in accordance with ITB Clause 2.6, in which case all rights and 
obligations of GIL and Bidders previously subject to the deadline will thereafter be 
subject to the deadline as extended. 

2.16 Late Bids 
2.16.1 Any bid received by GIL after deadline for submission of bids prescribed by GIL 

pursuant to ITB Clause 2.15, will be rejected and /or return unopened to bidder. 
 
2.17 Modification and Withdrawal of Bids 
2.17.1 The bidder may modify or withdraw his bid before the last date of submission of 

bids through the e-Tendering website https://gil.nprocure.com 
2.17.2 No bid may be modified subsequent to the deadline for submission of the bids. 
2.17.3 No bid may be withdrawn in the interval between the deadline for submission of 

bids and the expiry period of the bid validity specified by the bidder on the bid form. 
Withdrawal of a bid during this interval shall result in the bidder’s forfeiture of its 
bid security, pursuant to ITB clause 2.12. 

 
E. OPENING AND EVALUATION OF BID 
2.18 Opening of Bids by GIL 
2.18.1 GIL will open all bids (only pre-qualification at the first instance), in the presence 

of Bidder or his representative who choose to attend, and at the following address: 
Gujarat Informatics Limited 
Block No.1, 8th Floor, 
Udyog Bhavan, Gandhinagar. 

The Bidder’s representative who is present shall sign an attendance register 
evidencing their attendance.  In the event of the specified date of Bid opening 
being declared holiday for the tendering Authority, the Bid shall be opened at 
the appointed time and location on the next working day. 

2.18.2 The Bidder’s names, bid modifications or withdrawals, bid prices and the presence 
or the absence of requisite bid security and such other details, as GUJ RERA, at 
his discretion, may consider appropriate, will be announced at the time of opening. 
No Bid shall be rejected at the opening, except for late bids, which shall be returned 
unopened to the bidders pursuant to ITB Clause 2.18. 

2.18.3 Bids that are not opened and read out at bid opening shall not be considered for 
further evaluation, irrespective of the circumstances. Withdrawn bids will be 
returned unopened to the Bidders.  

2.18.4 Financial bids of only those bidders who qualify on the basis of pre-qualification, 
technical bid (presentation/demonstration) will be opened in the presence of the 
qualified bidders or their representatives at pre-specified time and date which will 
be communicated to the qualified bidders well in advance. 

2.18.5 The bidder with lowest quote (L1) will be awarded the contract. 
 
2.19 Clarification of Bids 
2.19.1 During evaluation of bids GUJ RERA/GIL may, at its discretion, ask the bidder for 

a clarification of its bid. GUJ RERA/GIL may also ask for rate analysis of any or all 
items and if rates are found to be unreasonably low or high, the bid shall be treated 



Page	11	of	37 
 

as non-responsive and hence liable to be rejected. The request for a clarification 
and the response shall be in writing and no change in prices or substance of the 
bid shall be sought, offered or permitted.   

 
2.20 Preliminary Examination 
2.20.1 GIL willexamine the bids to determine whether they are complete, whether any 

computational errors have been made, whether sureties have been furnished, 
whether the documents have been properly signed, and whether the bids are 
generally in order.  

2.20.2 If a bid is not substantiallyresponsive, it will be rejected by GIL and may not 
subsequently be made responsive by the bidder by correction of the non-
conformity.  

2.20.3 Conditional bids are liableto be rejected. 
 

2.21 Contacting GIL/GUJ RERA 
2.21.1 Subjectto ITB Clause2.19, no Bidder shall contact GIL/GUJ RERA on any matter 

relating to its bid, from the time of the bid opening to the time of contract is 
awarded.  If he wishes to bring additional information to the notice of GIL/GUJ 
RERA, he should do so in writing. GIL/GUJ RERA reserves its right as to whether 
such additional information should be considered or otherwise 

2.21.2 Any effort by a bidder toinfluence GIL in its decision on bid evaluation, bid 
comparison or contractaward may result in disqualification of the bidder’s bid and 
also forfeiture of his bid securityamount.  

 
F. AWARD OF CONTRACT 
 
2.22 Post-qualification 
2.22.1 An affirmative determination will be a prerequisite for the award of the contractto 

the Bidder. A negative determination will result in rejection of Bidder’s bid, in which 
event the department will proceed to the next lowest evaluated bid to make a 
similar determination of the Bidder’s capabilities to perform the contract 
satisfactorily.  

 
2.23 Award Criteria 
2.23.1 Subjectto ITB Clause2.25, GUJ RERAwillaward the contract to the successful 

bidder decided as per the evaluationprocedure mentioned in ITB clause no.2.18 
mentioned above.  

2.23.2 GUJ RERA reserves the righttoaward the contract to the bidder whose bid may not 
have been determined as the lowest evaluated bid, provided further that the bidder 
is determined to be qualified to perform the contract satisfactorily. 

2.23.3 GUJ RERA reserves the righttoaward the contract in part to more than one bidder, 
provided further that the bidder(s) are determined to be qualified to perform the 
contract satisfactorily.  

 



Page	12	of	37 
 

2.24 GUJ RERA/GIL’s RighttoAccept Any Bid and to reject any or All Bids 
2.24.1 GUJ RERA/GIL reserve the righttoaccept or reject any bid, and to cancel the 

bidding process and reject all bids at any timeprior to award of Contract, without 
thereby incurring any liability to the affected Bidder or bidders or any obligation to 
inform the affected Bidder or bidders of the grounds for GIL’ action.  

 
2.25 Notification of Awards 
2.25.1 Priorto the expiration of the period of the bid validity, concerned GUJ RERA will 

notify the successful bidders in writing, to be confirmed in writing by registered 
letter, that his bid has been accepted. 

2.25.2 The notification of award will constitute the formation of the Contract. 
 

2.26 Signing of Contract 
2.26.1 At the same time as GUJ RERA notifies the successful Bidder that its bid has been 

accepted, GUJ RERAwill send the bidder the Contract Form, incorporating all the 
agreements between two parties.  

2.26.2 Within 15 days of receipt of the Contract Form, the successful bidder shall sign 
and date the contract and return it toGUJ RERA.  

 
2.27 Corrupt or Fraudulent Practices 
2.27.1 GUJ RERA requires that the bidders under this tenderobserve the highest 

standards of ethics during the procurement and execution of such contracts.  In 
pursuance of this policy, GUJ RERA defines for the purposes of this provision, the 
terms set forth as follows: 

d) “Corrupt practice” means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of  any 
thing of value to influence the action of the public official in the procurement 
process or in contract execution: and 

e) “Fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation of facts in order to 
influence a procurement process or a execution of a contract to determent 
of the GUJ RERA/GIL and includes collusive practice among the bidders 
(Prior to or after the bid submission) designed to establish bid prices at 
artificial non-competitive level and to deprive the GUJ RERA/GIL of the 
benefit of the free and open competition. 

 
2.27.2 GUJ RERA shall reject a proposal for award if it determines that the Bidder 

recommended for award has engaged in corrupt or fraudulent practices and same 
shall be conveyed to Dept of Science & Technology/GIL or black listed by any of 
the Department of Government of Gujarat in competing for the contractin question. 

2.27.3 GUJ RERA shall declare a firmineligible, and black listed either indefinitely or for 
a stated period of time, to be awarded a contract if it at any time determines that 
the firm has engaged in corrupt and fraudulent practices in competing for, or in 
executing, a contract. The same shall be conveyed to Dept of Science & 
Technology/GIL. 

2.27.4 If any of the qualifying documents submitted by the bidder are found to be 
fraudulent or bogus at any time after the award of contract, the contract shall liable 
to be terminated with immediate effect.  



Page	13	of	37 
 

2.27.5 If it is found that bidder have violated/ infringement of any Indian or foreign 
trademark, patent register, design, or other intellectual property rights, department 
shall terminate the contract of bidder and / or declare a firm ineligible and black 
listed either indefinitely or for stated period. 

 
2.28 Interpretation of the clauses in the TenderDocument / Contract Document 
2.28.1 In case of any ambiguity in the interpretation of any of the clauses in Bid Document 

or the Contract Document, GIL’s interpretation of the clauses shall be final and 
binding on all parties. 

2.28.2 However, in case of doubt as to the interpretation of the bid, the bidder may make 
a written request prior to the pre-bid conference to; 

Gujarat Informatics Limited 
Block No.1, 8th Floor, 
Udyog Bhavan, Gandhinagar.  

 
 GUJ RERA/GIL may issue clarifications to all the bidders as an addendum. Such 
an addendum shall form a part of the bid document /Contract document. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  



Page	14	of	37 
 

3. SECTION 3: GENERAL CONDITION CONTRACT. 
 
3.1 Definitions 
3.1.1 In this Contract, the following terms shall be interpreted as indicated: 

a) “The Contract” means the agreement entered into between GUJ RERAand the 
service provider, as recorded in the Contract Form Signed by the parties, 
including all the attachments and appendices thereto and all documents 
incorporated by reference therein; 

b) “The ContractPrice” means the price payableto the service provider under the 
Contract for the full and proper performance of its contractual obligations; 

c) “Services” means “all the services mentioned in scope of work of this 
document”  

d) “GCC means the General Conditions of Contract contained in this section. 
e) “GUJ RERA” means client availing the servicefrom the SP. 
f) “The Client’s Country” is the country named in GCC. 
g) “The SP meansservice provider” means the individual or firm supplying the and 

/ or Services under this Contract. 
h)  “Day” means a working day. 
i) “Critical deliverables” means the deliverables supplies by SP 
j) “Time required for approval” means the time lapsed between the date of 

submission of a critical deliverables (complete in all respect for all the business 
functions /services) and the date of approval excluding the intermediate time 
taken by the Service Provider for providing clarifications/modifications and 
communication. 

k) The “Bid Document” and “Tender Document” are the same. 
l) “The Project Site”, wherever applicable, means the place or places where 

the work is to be executed. 
m) “Completion of work” means it should be certified by the authority considering 

the scanning and data entry work including design & development of software 
solution as proposed in the RFP/work order.   

n) “Office Completeness” means the site should be complete in all respects i.e.  
 Hardware is supplied, installed and commissioned 
 Requisite Software is installed 
 Requisite Application Software is installed. 
 Connectivity setup is established. 
 Requisite Manpower is deployed 
 The entire setup as defined in the scope of work has become functional & 

the transactions can be done on computers. 
o) “Maintenance” means  

 Taking care of the machine 
 Changing the Spares when they become faulty 
 Locate, remove, and repair technical faults. 
 Identify Software related problems such as run time error, viruses etc. & 

reload the machines with Software 
 Housekeeping of all Hardware 
 Ensuring continuous power supply to all machines during working hours. 



Page	15	of	37 
 

 Any other task to be performed to keep the system functional. 
p)  Performance Standards  
This factor incorporates the maintenance standards as defined below: 

Service Level Standards: -  
The agency has to meet the service level norms failing which the contract is liable 

to get cancelled. 
a) Install high quality hardware and peripherals at all sites to ensure minimum 

downtime. 
b) Provide skilled and efficient manpower to attain maximum production. 
c) Provide quality consumables like branded CDs, Paper, Toners, Tapes, etc.  
d)  Absolutely avoid usage of low quality consumables, refilled toners, etc. 

 
3.2 Application 
3.2.1 These General Conditions shall applyto the extent that provisions in other parts of 

the Contract do not supersede them. 
 
3.3 Country of Origin 
3.3.1 All Services rendered under the Contract shall have their origin in the member 

countries and territories eligible i.e. India 
3.3.2 The origin of Services is distinct from the nationality of the service provider. 

 
3.4 Standards 
3.4.1 The software supplied under this Contract shall conform to the standards and when 

no applicable standard is mentioned; to the authoritative standard appropriate to 
the country of origin and such standards shall be the latest issued by the 
concernedinstitution.  

 
3.5 Use of Contract Documents and Information 
3.5.1 The service provider shall not, without GUJ RERA’s prior written consent, disclose 

the Contract, or any provision thereof, or any specification, plan, drawing, pattern, 
sample or information furnished by or on behalf of the in connection therewith, to 
any person other than a person employed by the service provider in performance 
of the Contract.  Disclosure to any such employed person shall be made in 
confidence and shall extend only so far as may be necessary for purposes of such 
performance. 

3.5.2 The service provider shall not, without GUJ RERA’s prior written consent, make 
use of any document or information enumerated in GCC Clause 5.1 except for 
purposes of performing the Contract. 

3.5.3 Any document, other than the Contract itself, enumerated in GCC Clause 5.1 shall 
remain the property of GUJ RERA and shall be returned (in all copies) to GUJ 
RERA on completion of the service provider’s performance under the Contract if 
so required by GUJ RERA. 

3.5.4 The Service Provider shall permit GUJ RERA/GIL to inspect the service providers 
accounts and records relating to performance of the service provider with regards 
to this contract and to have them audited by auditors appointed by GUJ RERA/GIL, 
if so required by GUJ RERA/GIL. 



Page	16	of	37 
 

3.5.5 The bid and all materials submitted to the GUJ RERA/GIL must be considered 
confidential and must be submitted in sealed envelope clearly marked as 
“Confidential”. 

 
3.6 Patent Rights, Copy Right 
3.6.1 The Service Provider shall indemnifyGUJ RERA/GIL against all third-party claims 

of infringement of copyright, patent, trademark or industrialdesign rights arising 
from use of the Goods or any part thereof in India. 

 
3.7 Earnest Money Deposited (EMD)/Bid Security 
3.7.1 The bidder shall furnish, as part of its bid, an Earnest Money Deposit in the form 

of Demand Draft OR in the form of an unconditional Bank Guarantee (which should 
be valid for 9 months from the last date of bid submission) of any Nationalized 
Bank including the public sector bank or Private Sector Banks or Commercial 
Banks or Co-Operative Banks and Rural Banks (operating in India having branch 
at Ahmedabad/ Gandhinagar) as per the G.R. no. EMD/10/2015/508/DMO dated 
27.04.2016 issued by Finance Department or further instruction issued by Finance 
department time to time; in the name of “Gujarat Informatics Ltd.” payable at 
Gandhinagar (as per prescribed format given at Section 10) and must be submitted 
along with the covering letter.  

3.7.2 Proposals not accompanied by EMD shall be rejected as non-responsive. 
3.7.3 The successful bidder’s bid security will be discharged from GIL only after the 

signing of the contract and submission of performance security. 
3.7.4 Unsuccessful bidder’s EMD will be discharged / refunded as promptly as possible, 

but not later than 30 days of the validity period of the bid.  
3.7.5 The EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT shall be forfeited: 

3.7.5.1 If a bidder withdraws its bid during the period of bid validity specified 
by the bidder on the bid form; 

3.7.5.2 Or in case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails to sign the 
Contract; or to furnish the performance security. 

3.7.5.3 No exemption for submitting the EMD will be given to any agency. 
 
3.8 Performance Security/Performance Bank Guarantee (PBG) 
3.8.1 The successful Bidder has to furnish a security deposit so as to guarantee his/her 

(Bidder) performance of the contract.  
3.8.2 The Successful bidder has to submit Performance Bank Guarantee @ 10% of total 

order value within 15 days from the receipt of notification of award  for the duration 
of warranty of all Nationalized Bank including the public sector bank or Private 
Sector Banks authorized by RBI or Commercial Bank or Regional Rural Banks of 
Gujarat or Co-Operative Bank of Gujarat (operating in India having branch at 
Ahmedabad/Gandhinagar) as per the G.R. no. EMD/10/2015/508/DMO dated 
27.04.2016 issued by Finance Department or further instruction issued by Finance 
department time to time.  (The draft of Performance Bank Guarantee is as per 
Section 11).  

3.8.3 The Performance Security shall be in the form of Bank Guarantee valid for 9 
months from the date of issue of work order. 



Page	17	of	37 
 

3.8.4 The proceeds of the performance security shall be payable to the GUJ RERA as 
compensation for any loss resulting from the Service provider’s failure to complete 
its obligations under the Contract. 

3.8.5 The Performance Security will be discharged by GUJ RERA and returned to the 
Bidder on completion of the bidder’s performance obligations under the contract. 

3.8.6 In the event of any contract amendment, the bidder shall, within 21 days of receipt 
of such amendment, furnish the amendment to the Performance Security, 
rendering the same valid for the duration of the Contract, as amended for further 
period. 

3.8.7 No interest shall be payable on the Performance Bank Guarantee amount. GUJ 
RERA may invoke the above bank guarantee for any kind of recoveries, in case; 
the recoveries from the bidder exceed the amount payable to the bidder. 

 
3.9 Inspections and Tests 
3.9.1 100% verification shall be done by service provider and issue verification certificate 

monthly batch wise. 
3.9.2 10% verification will be done by the staff of concerned GUJ RERA officials and in 

case any error found, the penalty shall be imposed as per the penalty clause. 
3.9.3 The payment will be made after completion of the work.  
 
3.10 Delivery and Documents 
3.10.1 Delivery of the Goods shall be made by the Service Provider in accordance with 

the terms specified by GUJ RERA in the Notification of Award.  
 

3.11 Incidental Services 
The Service Provider is required to provide the following services, including 
additional services, if any. 

3.11.1 performance or supervision of the on-site assembly and/or start-up of the supplied 
Goods; 

3.11.2 furnishing of tools required for assembly and/or maintenance of the supplied 
Goods; 

3.11.3 furnishing of detailed operations and maintenance manual for each appropriate 
unit of supplied Goods; 

3.11.4 Performance or supervision or maintenance and/or repair of the supplied Goods, 
for the period of time mentioned in the tender notification. 

 
3.12 Payment 
3.12.1 The payment will be released after completion of the work.  
3.12.2 The service provider request(s) for payment to GUJ RERA along with the 2 original 

copies of invoice and necessary documents. The invoice should be in English 
language and Gujarat based.  

3.12.3 Any penalties imposed on the agency for non-performance will be deducted from 
the payments. 

3.12.4 All work contract tax, service tax and income tax will be deducted at source as per 
the prevalent rules & regulations at the time of making payments to the Bidder 
during the billing cycles.  



Page	18	of	37 
 

3.12.5 Payment will be made within a month’s time from the date of receipt of bill, provided 
there is no dispute. 

3.12.6 In case of delay, the agency will be penalized as per penalty clause.  
 
3.13 Prices 
3.13.1 Prices payable to the service provider as state in the contract shall be fixed during 

the performance of the contract. 
 
3.14 Contract Amendments 
3.14.1 Subject to GCC clause no, 3.13 No variation in or modification of the terms of the 

Contract shall be made except by written amendment signed by the parties. 
 
3.15 Assignment 
3.15.1 The service provider shall not assign, in whole or in part, its obligations toperform 

under the Contract, except with GUJ RERAprior written consent. 
 

3.16 Delays in the Service Provider’s Performance 
1) Delivery of the Goods and performance of the Services shall be made by the 

Service Provider in accordance with the time schedule specified by GIL/GUJ 
RERA. 

2) If at any time during performance of the Contract, the Service Provider or his sub-
contractor(s) should encounter conditions impeding timely delivery of the Goods 
and performance of Services, the Service Provider shall promptly notify GIL/GUJ 
RERA in writing of the fact of the delay, its likely duration and its cause(s). As soon 
as practicable after receipt of the Service Provider’s notice, GIL/GUJ RERA shall 
evaluate the situation and may, at its discretion, extend the Service Provider’s time 
for performance with or without a penalty, in which case the extension shall be 
ratified by the parties by amendment of the Contract. 

3) The bidders shall read & understand the requirements thoroughly & shall adhere 
to the schedule strictly. The supply, installation & commissioning of Hardware & 
software at all locations shall be completed within 15 days from the date of signing 
the Contract Agreement. 

 
3.17 Termination for Default or otherwise 
3.17.1 GUJ RERA may, without prejudiceto any other remedy for breach of contract, by 

written notice of default sent to the service provider, terminate the Contract in 
whole or part: 
a) if the service provider fails todeliver any or all of the services within the period(s) 

specified in the Contract, or within any extension thereof granted by GUJ 
RERA; or 

b) If the service provider fails toperform any other obligation(s) under the Contract. 
c) If the service provider, in the judgment of GUJ RERA has engaged in corrupt 

or fraudulent practices in competing for or in executing the Contract. 
For the purpose of this Clause: 

 



Page	19	of	37 
 

“Corrupt practice” means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of anything 
of valuetoinfluence the action of a publicofficial in the procurementprocess or 
in contract execution. 
“Fraudulent practice: a misrepresentation of facts in ordertoinfluence a 
procurementprocess or the execution of a contract to the detriment of the 
Borrower, and includes collusive practice among Bidders (prior to or after bid 
submission) designed to establish bid prices at artificial non-competitive levels 
and to deprive the Borrower of the benefits of free and open competition;”   

d) If the Service Provider fails to conform to the qualityrequirementlaid down/third 
party inspection/consultants opinion. 

3.17.2 If Bidder has violated / infringement of any Indian or foreign trademark, patent, 
registered design or other intellectual property rights. Certificate/affidavitregarding 
non-violation / infringement of any Indian or foreign trademark, patent, registered 
design or other intellectual property rights. 

 
3.18 Force Majeure 
3.18.1 Notwithstanding anything contained in the tender, the SP shall not be liable for 

liquidated damages or termination for default, if and to the extent that, it’s delay in 
performance or other failures to perform its obligations under the agreement is the 
result of an event of Force Majeure. 

3.18.2 For purposes of this clause, “Force Majeure” means an event beyond the control 
of the service provider and not involving the service provider’s fault or negligence 
and not foreseeable.  Such events may include, but are not limited to, acts of the 
Purchase either in its sovereign or contractual capacity, wars or revolutions, fires, 
floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions and freight embargoes. 

3.18.3 If a force Majeuresituation arises, the service provider shall promptlynotifyGUJ 
RERA in writing within 10 days of such conditions and the cause thereof.  Unless 
otherwise directed by GUJ RERA in writing, the service provider shall continue to 
perform its obligations under the Contract as far as it is reasonably practical, and 
shall seek all reasonable alternative means for performance not prevented by the 
Force Majeure. 

 
3.19 Termination for Insolvency 
3.19.1 GUJ RERA may at any timeterminate the Contract by giving written noticeto the 

Supplier / service provider, if the Supplier / service provider becomes bankrupt or 
otherwise insolvent.  In this event, termination will be without compensation to the 
Supplier / service provider, provided that such termination will not prejudice or 
affect any right of action or remedy which has accrued or will accrue thereafter to 
GUJ RERA. 

 
3.20 Termination for Convenience 
3.20.1 GUJ RERA by written notice sent to the service provider, may terminate the 

Contract, in whole or in part, at any time for its convenience.  The notice of 
termination shall specify that termination is for GUJ RERA’s convenience, the 
extent to which performance of the service provider under the Contract is 
terminated, and the date upon which such termination becomes effective. 



Page	20	of	37 
 

3.20.2 The services / software that is complete and ready for rendering / deployment 
within 30 days after the service provider’s receipt of notice of termination shall be 
accepted by GUJ RERA at the Contract terms and prices.  For the remaining 
services, GUJ RERA may elect: 

a) To have any portion completed and delivered at the Contract terms and 
prices; and/or 

b) To cancel the remainder and pay to the service provider an agreed 
amount for partially completed services / software and for services / 
software previously procured by the service provider. 

 
3.21 Resolution of Disputes 
3.21.1 In this regard GUJ RERA doesn’t go for any arbitration on dispute and GUJ 

RERA’s decisionwill be final and binding on the service provider. 
 

3.22 Governing Language 
3.22.1 The contract shall be written in English language. All correspondence and other 

documents pertaining to the Contract, which are exchanged by the parties, shall 
be written in the same language. 

 
3.23 Applicable Law 
3.23.1 The Contract shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Union of India 

and that of State of Gujarat. 
 

3.24 Taxes and Duties 
3.24.1 Service providers shall be entirely responsible for all taxes, duties, license fees, 

octroi, road permits, etc., incurred until delivery of the contracted software/ 
servicestoGUJ RERA. However, GST in respect of the transaction between GUJ 
RERA and the service provider shall be payable extra as on actual at the time of 
invoicing. 

 
3.25 Binding Clause 
All decisions taken by GIL regarding the processing of this tender and award of contract 
shall be final and binding on all parties concerned.  
 
3.26 Manpower Support: 
3.26.1 The service provider will be bound to supply Support Manpower with good 

antecedents as specified in the Manpower deployment Plan. 
3.26.2 All salaries and statutory benefits will have to be borne by the service provider & 

no payments will be made by these offices. 
3.26.3 In case of absence of any of his employee, the service provider should provide 

alternative person the next day. 
3.26.4 The service provider should ensure that the behavior of manpower is decent. The 

service provider will be held responsible for indecent behavior of manpower, & 
such employees should be immediately replaced when such matter is reported. 

3.26.5 All statutory obligations of the service provider towards his employees shall be 
fulfilled by him and GUJ RERA shall not be responsible for any such obligations. 

 



Page	21	of	37 
 

3.27 GIL/The GUJ RERA, Gandhinagar, reserves the right:- 
3.27.1 To vary, modify, revise, amend or change any of the terms and conditions 

mentioned above; or  
3.27.2 To reject any or all the tender/s without assigning any reason whatsoever thereof 

or may terminate the tender process midway without assigning any reason.   
3.27.3 The decision regarding acceptance of tender by GIL/GUJ RERA will be full and 

final. 
3.27.4 Conditional tenders shall be summarily rejected. 
3.27.5 GUJ RERA is free to phase out the work if it feels it necessary. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  



Page	22	of	37 
 

4. SECTION 4: SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
 
4.1 Time Limit for GUJ RERA Project 
 

Sr. no Milestone Timeline 
1 Scanning and digitization of document including 

Meta Data Entry including verifications of work 
done 

6 months from 
award of work 
order 

2 Design, development, deployment and training of 
the back-end system for document management 
this includes the integration with existing GUJ 
RERA Portal   

3 months from 
the date of work 
order 

 
4.2 Payment: 
4.2.1 Payment for the service shall be made in Indian Rupees as follows: 

Sr. 
No 

Activity Payment 

1.  Scanning and digitization of document 
including Meta Data Entry including Design, 
development, deployment and training of the 
back-end system for document management 
this includes the integration with existing GUJ 
RERA Portal 

Payment will be 
released only after 
completion of work 

2.  Routine scanning work by deploying 2 
manpower, Scanner and other IT peripherals 
required.  

Payment will be 
released on 
quarterly basis. 

 
4.3 Penalty Clause 
4.3.1 If the Service Provider is not executing the contract to the satisfaction of GUJ 

RERA/GIL then may invoke any or all of the following clauses. 
4.3.1.1 Forfeit the performance Guarantee Amount. Or 
4.3.1.2 Impose a proportionate penalty of the delivered price of the 

unperformed services. Or 
4.3.1.3 Terminate the contract. 

 
4.3.2 Quality: 

100% accuracy shall be maintained in Scanning and linking of the documents. 
For accuracy less than 100%, the penalty will be deducted as mentioned below. 
Level of Accuracy (in percentage)    Penalty 
>= 98.00 &&< 99.00       - 02% of the order value 
>= 95.00 &&< 98.00       - 05% of the order value 
>= 90.00 &&< 95.00       - 10% of the order value 
<90         - No Payment 

4.3.3 Delays in deliverables: If the service provider does not complete the work in the 
given time limit than the penalty@ 2% of total order value per week will be levied 
up to the maximum of 5 weeks.   



Page	23	of	37 
 

4.3.4 The  Service  Provider  shall  be responsible  for scanning  and indexing of  
all  the  documents  and  carry  out Quality  Checks  in  order  to  ensure  that  the  
scanning  quality  is  good  and  the pages are perfectly scanned and flagged. 
 

4.3.5 SLA for Damage or Permanent loss of Documents: The selected bidder shall be 
responsible to take care of documents during the process of scanning and data 
entry. If any documents are damaged during the process, the selected bidder shall 
be responsible to rectify it/ repair the same at its own cost. In case of any 
permanent loss or damage of documents, the penalty will be applicable as 
mentioned in SLA mentioned below. 

 
SLA 

Measures 
No. of 

Documents
Action Flat Penalty Rs. 

Damage of 
Pages 

1 to 5 Rectify it/ repair the 
same on immediate 
basis 

Rs. 500 per Page 

Above 5 Rectify it/ repair the 
same on immediate 
basis 

Rs. 1000 per Page 

Permanent 
loss  of 
Pages  

1 --- Rs. 1000 per Page 
2 to 5 --- Rs. 1500 per Page 

Above 5 --- Rs. 2000 per Page 
 
4.3.6 In case of non functioning of hardware/software in routine work:   

 
In case of failure / not working of software/hardware for the routine work, SP will 
replace and make operational the same within 2 working days. The penalty of Rs. 
500 per day will be levied from 3rd day for total number of delayed days.  
 

4.4 Right to use defective software/equipment 
4.4.1 If after delivery, acceptance and installation and within the guarantee and warranty 

period, the operation or use of the software/equipment proves to be unsatisfactory, 
the Purchaser shall have the right to continue to operate or use such 
software/equipment until rectification of defects, errors or omissions by debugging 
/ repair or by partial or complete replacement is made without interfering with GUJ 
RERA’s operation. 

 
4.5 Service Provider’s Integrity 
4.5.1 The Service Provider is responsible for and obliged to conduct all contracted 

activities as defined in the scope of work in accordance with the Contract.  
 
4.6 Supplier/ Service Provider’s Obligations 
4.6.1 The Service Provider is obliged to work closely with GUJ RERA’s staff, act within 

its own authority and abide by directives issued by GUJ RERA 
4.6.2 The Service Provider will abide by the job safety measures prevalent in India and 

will free GUJ RERA from all demands or responsibilities arising from accidents or 



Page	24	of	37 
 

loss of life the cause of which is the Service Provider’s negligence. The Service 
Provider will pay all indemnities arising from such incidents and will not hold GUJ 
RERA responsible or obligated. 

4.6.3 The Service Provider is responsible for managing the activities of its personnel and 
will hold itself responsible for any misdemeanor. 

4.6.4 The Service Provider will treat as confidential all data and information about GUJ 
RERA, obtained in the execution of his responsibilities, in strict confidence and will 
not reveal such information to any other party without the prior written approval of 
GUJ RERA.  

 
4.7 Hardware Installation 

 

4.7.1 The Service Provider is responsible for all deliveries, unpacking, assemblies, 
wiring, installation, cabling between hardware units and connecting to power 
supplies. The Service Provider will test all hardware operation and accomplish all 
adjustments necessary for successful and continuous operation of the hardware 
at all installation sites. 
 

4.8 Inspections 
 

4.8.1 GUJ RERA/GIL will do the technical inspections as required. Vendor will provide 
all assistance to GUJ RERA/GIL staff to enable periodic 
technical/administrative/operational verification of the system. 

 
 
 
 
 

  



Page	25	of	37 
 

5. SECTION 5:  SCOPE OF WORK 
Background:  
To register a project under the Rera Act, the promoter is required to give certain details 
and also need to upload various documents as mentioned in the Rera Act. The promoter 
is also require to submit the same application in physical file along with scanned copies 
of documents in CD.  
 
As per the Rera Act, following documents are required to upload on Rera Website for 
public access.   

1. Application Form of Project  
2. Promoter Photograph 
3. Details of other completed project 

a. Copy of project completion certificate 
4. Type of promoter 

a. Copy of registration certificate  
5. Authorized Signatory Photograph 
6. Project Head Photograph 
7. Encumbrance Certificate 
8. Commencement certificate 
9. Approved building plan/plotting Area 
10. Approved Layout plan 
11. Performa for Sale Agreement 
12. Land Document & Location 
13. Approved Section Plan/Infrastructure Plan 
14. Area Development Plan 
15. Performa for Allotment Letter 
16. Draft Brochure of project 
17. NOCs from Authorities 
18. Notarized Declaration 
19. Performa for Sale Deed 
20. Project Photograph 
21. Project Registration Fee Payment Receipt  

 
It was observed that the document uploaded while registration of the project especially 
MAPs are not in readable form.  
 
Since, it is an essential requirement to put such documents as mentioned above on the 
Rera Website for public access, a back-end solution to be developed to cater this 
requirements.  
 
1. Requirements:  

a. To scan the identified documents those are required to upload on Rera website. 
b. To develop a back-end system to link the scanned documents seamlessly 

using meta data and the unique project id.  
c. To integrate seamlessly with the ReraProtal through APIs.  



Page	26	of	37 
 

d. The Rera portal should have facility to fetch the new scanned database while 
access by public along with the basic details of the promoter and project from 
the existing portal.   

e. To have single sign-on facility for authority to access the original document 
uploaded by promoter/new scanned documents/ both for comparison.    

 
2. Scope of work: 

 
GUJ Rera:  

a. To give enough space for setup of the infrastructure required for the scanning 
work. The electricity will be provided by GUJ RERA. However, the internal 
extension will be the responsibility of the agency.   

b. To identify the documents to be scanned in the particular project. 
c. To make available the files to be scanned in batch mode and take back once 

the scanning completed.    
d. To verify the scanned documents regularly.  
e. To make available the IT infrastructure required for deployment of the system.  
f. To arrange the data structure required to create APIs for seamless integration.  
g. To change the backend public access logic to show new scanned documents. 
h. To create the facility for authority to access the different type of documents.  
i. The gujrera portal application is running on RedHat Linux Webserver -apache, 

with application running on Java, Tomcat having database running on MySql. 
Service provider (To be selected by this RFP): 

Old Projects documents:  
j. To take the files from authorized officials of GUJ RERA for scanning.  
k. To scan the identified documents in proper resolution and to provide back-end 

system to manage the documents this includes Meta data entry.  
l. To design the API as per the data structure as may be given by GujRera.The 

API building would require the agency to understand user requirement and then 
build in sync with GUJ RERA application environment. 

m. The scanning has to be completed at central location by providing required 
infrastructure and manpower in 6 months’ timefrom the date of work order. 

n. After scanning the files, the agency shall be responsible to self-certify for the 
accuracy of the work. 100% accuracy is expected. In case it is found that the 
work is not done as per the requirements, the same has to be done again 
without any additional cost to GUJ Rera.  

o. Provide solution for the management of scanned documents with indexing with 
respect to the particular project.  

p. Provide Indexing  Parameters  of  the  digitized  documents  in  a  software 
application when referring to a definite category 

q. System should have facility to integrate with GUJ RERA portal. More detail will 
be provided at the time of implementation.  

r. Query based pulling of the documents from the database for public/authority 
access.    

s. Multiple File Support: The system supports most commonly used image file 
formats i.e. tiff/jpg file format and convert to .pdf. 



Page	27	of	37 
 

t. Effective mechanism enabling efficient search and retrieve document handling 
for internal use only. 

u. User-Based Permissions: Read/Write/Delete permissions can be established 
on each folder/image level, to allow/restrict any user or groups of user. 

v. Administrator console: A provided administrator console allows authenticated 
administrator to change/update virtually any state within the system including 
document status, permission, and discussion forum messages. 

w. User Manual and Training to the GujRera 
x. To suggest the IT Infrastructure required for deployment of the system and 

database including webserver, application and database server etc. which will 
be procured by GUJ RERA or made it available at SDC Cloud Infra.  

y. The agency shall be responsible to provide Operation & maintenance services 
for the back-end system to be developed for the contract period of 3 years 
which will be extendable for further period of 2 years with same terms & 
condition.  

z. After completion of the work, before taking their Hardware infrastructure, the 
SP shall ensure to delete all the data available in their infrastructure in 
consultation with the authority of GUJ Rera.   
Routine work:  

aa. The selected agency shall also provide 2 manpower along with required 
scanner and other IT infrastructure for the contract period of 3 years which will 
be extendable for further period of 2 years with same terms & condition.  

 
Source Code:The source code (published and unpublished) of the software application 
developed shall be the sole property of GUJ RERA and the same shall be delivered periodically 
with latest version. 

 
3. Volume of Work:No. of Projects/Agent files:3500 

# Particular 
Min. 

Resolution 
required 

Approx. 
Total 

Volume 

1 A4 Size 300 dpi 800000
2 Legal Size 300 dpi 200000
3 A0 Size (MAPs)  

Approx. 5-7 Maps per Project/File 
300 dpi 25000

4 Dedicated team (2 resources) for routine scanning and data management 
(Considering 5-7 files per day)  including hardware and software required 

 
Other terms & conditions:  
1. The Service provider (SP) shall have to work at GUJ RERA, Gandhinagar. The Final 

list of documents will be provided to the selected bidder. 
2. The  SP  has  to  provide  all  the  software,  hardware  required  for  executing  the 

work.  The GUJ RERA will provide only the space & electricity. 



Page	28	of	37 
 

3. The selected bidder shall be responsible to use appropriate scanner only with 
minimum resolution of 300 dpi for the scanning work. No camera based customized 
scanner will be allowed.  

4. The Service Provider will be handed over the files in a batch and he will cross‐check  
this  information  and  will  prepare  a  list  containing  discrepancies,  if any. 

5. Scanned  images  (preferably  in  .jpg,  .gif,  .tiff  format)  of  these  documents  will 
have to be converted into PDF files. 

6. SP will maintain a register for collected/completed work.  
7. SP will appoint a person as supervisor out of deputed team who will be single point of 

contact for GujRera.  
  



Page	29	of	37 
 

6. SECTION 6:  TECHNICAL EVALUATION METHODOLOGY 

A Three stages procedure will be adopted in evaluating the bids: 

(i) An Eligibility/Pre-qualification evaluation:  

The eligibility evaluation will be carried out based on the criteria mentioned in the tender 
document. All those bidders who matches all the eligibility criteria will be called for the 
presentation Evaluation.  

(ii) Presentation/demonstration evaluation:  

All the eligible bidders will be called for the presentation of 50 marks which should cover 
the following points:  

1. Approach & methodology for scanning, digitization and development of back-end 
system for management of scanned documents 

2. Proposed team 

3. Solution meeting the requirements 

4. Integration Architecture 

5. Clarity on solution offered 

6. Implementation Approach & Methodology 

7. Value additions  

The bidder shall be required to get at least 60% marks (30 marks out of 50) in the 
presentation to qualify for next stage i.e. opening of the financial bids.    

(iii) Financial evaluation 

The financial bids of all the bidder who get 60% marks (30 marks out of 50) in the 
presentation/demonstration evaluation stage will be opened.  

  



Page	30	of	37 
 

7. SECTION 7: FINANCIAL BID FORMS 
 

# Particular 
Min. 

Resolution 
required 

Approx. 
Total 

Volume

Cost per 
page/MAP 

(Rs.) 

Total Cost 
(Rs.) 

  (A) (B) 
(C) (D= B*C) 

1 A4 Size 300 dpi 800000  
2 Legal Size 300 dpi 200000  
3 A0Size (MAPs) 

Approx. 5-7 Maps per 
Project/File 

300 dpi 25000  

Total (Rs.) 
Note: The above cost of item no. 1 to 3 which includes Development of backend system 
for management of documents including three years of Operation and maintenance 
support as defined in scope of work. 

# Particular 
Total 

Months 
Per month Rate 

(Rs.) 
Total Cost 

(Rs.)  
  (A) (B) (C= A*B) 
4 Per month cost for 

dedicated team (2 
resources) for routine 
scanning and data 
management 
(Considering 5-7 files per 
day) including hardware 
& software required    

36   

Grand Total (Item no. 1+2+3+4) (Rs.)  
 
Note:  

 All taxes are extra as applicable at the time of invoicing. 
 The grand total of item no. 1 to 4 will be considered for selection of L1 bidder.  
 The overall L1 bidder has to match the item wise L1 rate. 

 
 

 
 

  



Page	31	of	37 
 

8. SECTION 8: BID FORM 
 
 
Date:                Tender No: 
 
To, 
DGM (Tech) 
Gujarat Informatics Limited 
8th Floor, Block -1, Udyog Bhavan,  
Sector - 11, Gandhinagar - 382017 
Gujarat, India 
 
Dear Sir, 
Having examined the Bidding Documents including Addenda Nos. __________ (insert 
numbers, if any), the receipt of which is hereby duly acknowledged, we, the undersigned, 
offer to render “Selection of Service Provider for Digitization of Records of GUJ RERA” in 
conformity with the said bidding documents for the same as per the technical and financial 
bid and such other sums as may be ascertained in accordance with the Financial Bid 
attached herewith and made part of this bid. We have not placed any condition for the bid 
on our part and agree to bind ourselves to the terms and conditions of this tender 
unconditionally. Any conditions placed by us elsewhere in the present bid are hereby 
withdrawn unconditionally.  
We undertake, if our bid is accepted, to render the services in accordance with the delivery 
schedule which will be specified in the contract document that we will sign if the work order 
given to us. 
If our bid is accepted, we will obtain the guarantee of a bank for the sum indicated as 
per tender document for the due performance of the Contract, in the form prescribed by 
GUJ RERA. 
We agree to abide by this bid for a period of 180 (One hundred and eighty only) days 
after the date fixed for bid opening of the Instruction to Bidders and it shall remain binding 
upon us and may be accepted at any time before the expiration of that period. 
Until a formal contract is prepared and executed, this bid, together with your written 
acceptance thereof and your notification of award shall constitute a binding Contract 
between us. 
Name: 
_____________________________________________________________________ 
Address:_____________________________________________________________ 
We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any bid you may receive. 
Datedthis__________day of______ 2017 
Signature 
(in the capacity of) 
Duly authorized to sign Bid for and on behalf of_____________________________. 



Page	32	of	37 
 

9. SECTION 9: BIDDER’S AUTHORISATION CERTIFICATE 
 
 
To, 
Managing Director, 
Gujarat Informatics Ltd. 
 
 
<Bidder’s Name>_______________________________________________, 
<Designation> ____________________ is hereby authorized to sign relevant documents 
on behalf of the company in dealing with tender of reference <tender Name, Dept & 
Date>______________________. He is also authorized to attend meetings & submit 
technical & commercial information as may be required by you in the course of processing 
above said tender. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Authorized Signatory 
_________________________________ 
<Bidder’s Name>Seal 



Page	33	of	37 
 

10. SECTION 10: FORMAT OF EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT IN FORM OF BANK 
GUARANTEE 

 
 

Ref:                       Bank Guarantee No. 
                        Date: 
 
To, 
DGM (Tech) 
Gujarat Informatics Limited 
8th Floor, Block -1, Udyog Bhavan,  
Sector - 11, Gandhinagar - 382017 
Gujarat, India 
 
Whereas ------------------------------------------------------------ (here in after called "the Bidder") 
has submitted its bid dated ---------------- in response to the Tender no: XXXX for RFP for 
“Selection of Service Provider for Digitization of Records of GUJ RERA” KNOW ALL MEN 
by these presents that WE --------------------------------------------------------------- -----------------
--------------------------------- having our registered office at ------------ ----------------------- ------
---------------------- (hereinafter called "the Bank") are bound unto the ______________, 
Gujarat Informatics Limited  in the sum of ---------------------- for which payment well and 
truly to be made to Gujarat Informatics Limited , the Bank binds itself, its successors and 
assigns by these presents. Sealed with the Common Seal of the said Bank this -----------
---day of ----------------------- ----2016. 
THE CONDITIONS of this obligation are: 
1. The E.M.D. may be forfeited:   

a. if a Bidder withdraws its bid during the period of bid validity  
b. Does not accept the correction of errors made in the tender document;  
c. In case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails:    

(i) To sign the Contract as mentioned above within the time limit stipulated by 
purchaser or  

(ii) To furnish performance bank guarantee as mentioned above or    
(iii) If the bidder is found to be involved in fraudulent practices. 
(iv)If the bidder fails to submit the copy of purchase order & acceptance thereof. 

We undertake to pay to the GIL/Purchaser up to the above amount upon receipt of its first 
written demand, without GIL/ Purchaser having to substantiate its demand, provided that 
in its demand GIL/ Purchaser will specify that the amount claimed by it is due to it owing 
to the occurrence of any of the abovementioned conditions, specifying the occurred 
condition or conditions.  
This guarantee will remain valid up to 9 months from the last date of bid submission. The 
Bank undertakes not to revoke this guarantee during its currency without previous 
consent of the OWNER/PURCHASER and further agrees that the guarantee herein 
contained shall continue to be enforceable till the OWNER/PURCHASER discharges this 
guarantee 
The Bank shall not be released of its obligations under these presents by any exercise 
by the OWNER/PURCHAER of its liability with reference to the matters aforesaid or any 



Page	34	of	37 
 

of them or by reason or any other acts of omission or commission on the part of the 
OWNER/PURCHASER or any other indulgence shown by the OWNER/PURCHASER or 
by any other matter or things. 
The Bank also agree that the OWNER/PUCHASER at its option shall be entitled to 
enforce this Guarantee against the Bank as a Principal Debtor, in the first instance without 
proceeding against the SELLER and not withstanding any security or other guarantee 
that the OWNER/PURCHASER may have in relation to the SELLER’s liabilities. 
 
Dated at _______________ on this _________ day of ___________2017. 
 
____________________ 
 
Signed and delivered by 
_____________________ 
 
 For & on Behalf of  
 
 
 
Name of the Bank & Branch & 
Its official Address     
 
 
Approved Bank: Any Nationalized Bank including the public sector bank or Private Sector 
Banks or Commercial Banks or Co-Operative Banks and Rural Banks (operating in India 
having branch at Ahmedabad/ Gandhinagar) as per the G.R. no. EMD/10/2015/508/DMO 
dated 27.04.2016 issued by Finance Department or further instruction issued by Finance 
department time to time. 



Page	35	of	37 
 

11. SECTION 11: PERFORMANCE BANK GUARANTEE 
 
To:   __________________________________________________________  
 
WHEREAS ________________________________________________________ 
(Name of Service provider) hereinafter called “service provider” has undertaken, in 
pursuance of Contract No. ___________________ dated _________ _ to render services 
for __________________________________ hereinafter called “The Contract”. AND 
WHEREAS it has been stipulated by you in the said Contract that the SP shall furnish you 
with a Bank Guarantee by any Nationalized Bank including the public sector bank or 
Private Sector Banks authorized by RBI or Commercial Bank or Regional Rural Banks of 
Gujarat or Co-Operative Bank of Gujarat (operating in India having branch at Ahmedabad/ 
Gandhinagar) for the sum specified therein as security for compliance with the Supplier / 
SP’s performance obligations in accordance with the Contract. 
 
AND WHEREAS we have agreed to give the Supplier / SP a Guarantee: 
 
WE, THEREFORE, hereby affirm that we are Guarantors and responsible to you, on 
behalf of the SP, up to a total of ________________ (Amount of the Guarantee in Words 
and Figures) and we undertake to pay you, upon your first written demand declaring the 
SP to be in default under the Contract and without cavil or arguments, any sum or sums 
within the limit of ________________________ (Amount of Guarantee) as aforesaid, 
without your needing to prove or to show grounds or reasons for your demand of the sum 
specified  therein. 
 
This guarantee is valid until the______________ day of __________ 20 _____ 
 
Signature and Seal of Guarantors 
______________________________ 
Date _______________________ 
Address_____________________ 
____________________________ 
 
 
Approved Bank: Any Nationalized Bank including the public sector bank or Private Sector 
Banks or Commercial Banks or Co-Operative Banks and Rural Banks (operating in India 
having branch at Ahmedabad/ Gandhinagar) as per the G.R. no. EMD/10/2015/508/DMO 
dated 27.04.2016 issued by Finance Department or further instruction issued by Finance 
department time to time. 
  



Page	36	of	37 
 

12. ANNEXURE-1: SELF DECLARATION 
 
 

(TO BE SUBMITTED PHYSICALLY ALONG WITH EMD & BID PROCESSING FEES) 
 

AFFIDAVIT 
 
 

(To be submitted IN ORIGINAL on Non-Judicial Stamp Paper of Rs 100/- duly attested by First 
Class Magistrate/ Notary public) 

 

I/We, ___________________________, age______ years residing at ______________________ in capacity of 
_______________________M/s. ___________________________________ hereby solemnly affirm that 
 
All General Instructions, General Terms and Conditions, as well as Special Terms & Conditions laid down on all the 
pages of the Tender Form, have been read carefully and understood properly by me which are completely acceptable 
to me and I agree to abide by the same. 
 
I I We have submitted following Certificates I Documents for T.E. as required as per General Terms & Conditions as 
well as Special Terms & Conditions of the tender 
 

Sr. No. Name of the Document 
1  
2  

 
All the Certificates I Permissions I Documents I Permits I Affidavits are valid and current as on date and have not 
been withdrawn I cancelled by the issuing authority. 
 
It is clearly and distinctly understood by me that the tender is liable to be rejected if on scrutiny at any time, any of 
the required Certificates I Permissions I Documents I Permits I Affidavits is I are found to be invalid I wrong I incorrect 
I misleading I fabricated I expired or having any defect. 
 
I I We further undertake to produce on demand the original Certificate I Permission I Documents I Permits for 
verification at any stage during the processing of the tender as well as at any time asked to produce. 
 
I I We also understand that failure to produce the documents in "Prescribed Proforma" (wherever applicable) as well 
as failure to give requisite information in the prescribed Proforma may result in to rejection of the tender. 
 
My I Our firm has not been banned I debarred I black listed at least for three years (excluding the current financial 
year) by any Government Department I State Government I Government of India I Board I Corporation I Government 
Financial Institution in context to purchase procedure through tender. 
 
I I We confirm that I I We have meticulously filled in, checked and verified the enclosed documents I certificates I 
permissions I permits I affidavits I information etc. from every aspect and the same are enclosed in order (i.e. in 
chronology) in which they are supposed to be enclosed. Page numbers are given on each submitted document. 
Important information in each document is "highlighted" with the help of "marker pen" as required. 
 
The above certificates/ documents are enclosed separately and not on the Proforma printed from tender document. 
 
I I  We  say  and  submit  that  the  Permanent  Account  Number  (PAN)  given  by  the  Income  Tax  Department  is 
____________________, which  is  issued  on  the  name  of ___________________________ [Kindly mention here 
either name of the Proprietor (in case of Proprietor Firm) or name of the tendering firn;1, whichever is applicable]. 
 



Page	37	of	37 
 

I I We understand that giving wrong information on oath amounts to forgery and perjury, and I/We am/are aware of 
the consequences thereof, In case any information provided by us are found to be false or incorrect, you have right to 
reject our bid at any stage including forfeiture of our EMD/PBG/cancel the award of contract. In this event, this office 
reserves the right to take legal action on me/us. 
 
I / We have physically signed &stamped all the above documents along with copy of tender documents (page no. ---- 
to -- ). 
 
I I We hereby confirm that all our quoted items meet or exceed the requirement and are absolutely compliment with 
specification mentioned in the bid document. 
 
My I Our Company has not filed any Writ Petition, Court matter and there is no court matter filed by State Government 
and its Board Corporation, is pending against our company . 
 
I / We hereby commit that we have paid all outstanding amounts of duesItaxesIcessIchargesIfees with interest and 
penalty. 
 
In case of breach of any tender terms and conditions or deviation from bid specification other than already specified 
as mentioned above, the decision of Tender Committee for disqualification will be accepted by us. 
 
Whatever stated above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
 
 
Date:        Stamp & Sign of the Tenderer 
 
 
Place:                                                                                         (Signature and seal of the Notary) 
 


