












































Microsoft Word - RFP Document


1 
 

  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Supply and installation of  passive network 
infrastructure for New Computer Centre 

                 Tender No. DM1PL18001 
 

Closing date/time of submission of Bid 
26.06.2018 /14:00 hrs 

And 
Opening Date/time  

26.06.2018 / 15:00 hrs 
 

Office of In-Charge Infocom 

Oil & Natural Gas Corporation Ltd 

Institute of Reservoir Studies 

Chandkheda  

IRS,Ahmedabad-380005 

 



2 
 

 

 

OIL & NATURAL GAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
INSTITUTE OF RESERVOIR STUDIES 

Office of In-Charge-Infocom 
CHANDKHEDA : AHMEDABAD-380005.  

Phone No. 079-23295777/850/810,Fax No. 079-23291662 
Email: pathak_prerna@ongc.co.in 

 

 

NOTICE INVITING TENDER  

 

1.0 The Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd. (ONGC) is engaged in the activities for 
exploration/drilling/production of Crude oil and natural gas in various regions of the country 
and has its registered office at Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya Urja Bhawan, 5, Nelson 
Mandela Marg Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110070.  The I/c Infocom, IRS, Oil and Natural Gas 
Corporation Limited, Ahmedabad -380005,(Gujarat), India, invites bids under Single bid 
system through e-procurement in the prescribed tender form, from the prospective bidders 
having similar experience for “Supply  and    installation of   passive network  infrastructure  for 
New Computer Centre at IRS”  

 
    The bidding documents/Terms & conditions are available at Part I. The prescribed Bid 
Forms   for submission of bids are available in the tender document folder. 
 
The general details of tender can be viewed in the ‘Technical Rfx' in Bid invitation screen. 
The details of items tendered can be found by clicking to ‘Items'.  

 

2.0 Brief Description of the tender:  

i)  Tender No.  DM1PL18001 

ii)  Type of tender Limited Tender (Single bid) 

iii)  Description of Work “Supply  and    installation  of    passive  network 
infrastructure for New Computer Centre at IRS”   

iv) Closing date/time of submission 
of bids  

26.06.2018/ 14:00 hrs IST 

 

v) Opening Date/time  26.06.2018/ 15:00 hrs IST 

vi) Closing date/time of submission 
of documents required in 
physical form  

26.06.2018/14:00 hrs IST 

vii) Work Completion Schedule. Within 45 days from placement of NOA 

viii) Bid Validity  60 days from the date of opening of Bid.  

ix) Security Deposit / Performance 
Bank Guarantee (To be 

12.2% of PO value  



3 
 

submitted by successful bidder/ 
Contractor 

x) Address of Correspondence  OFFICE OF I/C-INFOCOM 
OIL & NATURAL GAS CORPORATION LTD. 
Institute of Reservoir Studies, Chandkheda  
Ahmedabad- 380005 

xi) Competent Purchase Authority Shri S N Paranjape, DGM(E&T) 

xii) Officer In-charge/Leave reserve 
Officer at Purchaser’s office 

Ms. Prerna Pathak, CE(E&T),                         
Shri  S N Paranjape, DGM(E&T) 

  

3.0 Please note that all tender forms and supporting documents are to be submitted through ONGC’s E-
Procurement site only, before the scheduled date and time for the tender closing.  Such documents 
submitted through e-bidding portal should be as per requirements of the tender,  valid and legally 
operative as on the date fixed for opening of bids.  However, the documents required in physical form 
(as indicated in the tender terms & conditions), should be submitted to the purchaser’s office up to 
1400 hrs of the closing date specified for submission of bid through e-bidding portal, in 
sealed envelope super scribed with tender no. and due date to Office of I/c-Infocom, ONGC, IRS, 
Chandkheda, Ahmedabad-380005(India).  

 

4.0 All documents submitted in physical form should be signed on all pages by the authorized signatory 
of the bidder and submitted in duplicate (except Bid Bond).   

5.0  The tender will be governed by the “General Terms & Conditions” at Part-I with Appendices 1 to 3,     
“Scope of Work with Special Terms and Conditions”, & “ Technical Specifications” at Part –II  
& “Price Bid Format” at Part-III.  
 

6.0 The Certificates/Undertakings to be submitted by the bidders should be on the bidder’s letter head. 

 
7.0 Tenders  will be opened on 26.06.2018 at 1500 hrs (IST). In case of an unscheduled holiday being 

declared in Ahmedabad on the prescribed closing / opening day of the tender, the next working day 
will be treated as the scheduled prescribed day of closing / opening of the tender.  

 
8.0 ONGC reserves its right to accept/reject any/all the bids and cancel the tender at its sole discretion.  

9.0 Details of the tender notice and the tender document are available on ONGC’s website 
http://etender.ongc.co.in  and all the bidders will have access to online help document which is 
available on login. This help document should be used for participating in e-procurement tenders. 

 

 

CE(E&T) 
 

Email: pathak_prerna@ongc.co.in 
 
 



4 
 

 
 INDEX 

 Part– I  
General Terms & Conditions 

 Appendix-1   UNDERTAKING/DECLARATION 

 Appendix-2   Proforma for certificate regarding genuineness of documents 

 Appendix-3   ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS & CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER 

 Appendix-4  Details of the bidder 

 

 

Part– II 
Technical Specifications 

 

 

Part-III 
Price Format 

Uploaded separately under Notes & Price bid attachment 
 



5 
 

Part-I  
GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS 

 
1. WARRANTIES AND GUARANTEES  OF SUPPLIED MATERIAL 
  
1.1  MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP  

Supplier shall fully warrant that the stores, equipment and component supplied under the 
order shall be new and of first quality according to the specifications and shall be free 
from defects (even concealed fault, deficiency in design, Materials and Workmanship).  
 

1.2 Should any defects be noticed in design, material and/or workmanship within 12 months 
after the goods or any portion thereof as the case may be have been delivered (and 
commissioned) to the final destination indicated in the contract or for 18 months after the 
date of dispatch whichever period conclude earlier unless specified otherwise in the 
condition of contract. ONGC shall inform supplier and supplier shall immediately on 
receipt of such intimation, depute their personnel within 14 days to investigate the causes 
of defects and arrange rectification/replacement/modification of the defective equipment 
at site, without any cost to ONGC within a reasonable period. If the supplier fails to take 
proper corrective action to repair/replace defects satisfactorily within a reasonable period, 
ONGC shall be free to take such corrective action as may be deemed necessary at 
supplier’s risk and cost after giving notice to the supplier. 
  

1.3 Damage to the machinery and/or replacement due to incomplete and erroneous 
instructions issued by supplier will be the responsibility of the supplier and will be treated 
according to the provisions of warranty clause. Normal wear and tear shall not come 
under purview of this clause.  
 

1.4  In case defects are of such nature that equipment shall have to be taken to supplier’s work 
for rectification etc. supplier shall take the equipment at his cost after giving necessary 
undertaking or security as may be required by ONGC. ONGC shall if so require by the 
supplier, dispatch the equipment by quickest mode on freight to pay basis to the 
supplier’s work. After supplier shall deliver the equipment at site on freight pre-paid 
basis. All risks in transit to and fro shall be borne by the supplier. 

  
1.5  Equipment or spare parts thereof replaced shall have further warranty for a period of 12 

months from the date of acceptance.  
 
1.6  If the repairs, replacement or modifications referred are of such nature as may affect the 

efficiency of the equipment ONGC shall have the right to give to the supplier within one 
month of such replacement/renewal, notice in writing to carry out test as may be required 
for acceptance of the equipment.  

 



6 
 

2.  REJECTION  
 
2.1  If ONGC finds that the goods supplied are not in accordance with the specifications and 

other conditions stated in the order or its sample are received in damaged condition (of 
which matter ONGC will be the sole judge), ONGC shall be entitled to reject the whole 
of the goods or the part as the case may be and intimate to the supplier the rejection 
without prejudice to the ONGC other rights and remedies to recover from the supplier 
any loss which ONGC may be put to, also reserving its right to forfeit the security 
deposit/performance bond if any made for the due fulfillment of the contract. The goods 
shall be removed by the supplier and if not removed within 14 days of the date of 
communication of the rejection ONGC will be entitled to dispose of the same on account 
and at the risk of the supplier and after recovering the storage charges at the rate of 5% of 
the value of goods for each month or part of a month and the loss and expenses if any 
caused to the ONGC, pay balance to the supplier.  

 
3.  REPLACEMENT  
 
3.1  Rejected goods should be removed and replaced within 14 days of the date of 

communication of rejection.  
 
4.  SUB-LETTING AND ASSIGNMENT:  
 
4.1  The contractor shall not save with the previous consent in writing of the Purchase 

Authority, sublet, transfer or assign the contract or any part thereof or interest therein or 
benefit or advantage thereof in any manner whatsoever. Provided nevertheless that any 
such consent shall not relieve the contractor from any obligation, duty or responsibility 
under the contract.  

 
5.  BREAKAGE/SHORTAGE  
 
5.1  Claim in respect of breakage/shortages in any case shall be preferred on the supplier 

within thirty days from the date of receipt of stores by the consignee which shall be 
replaced/made good by the supplier at his own cost. All risk of loss or damage to the 
material shall be upon the supplier till it is delivered to the purchaser/consignee.  

 
6.  SECURITY DEPOSIT / PERFORMANCE BOND / CONTRACT SECURITY  
 
6.1  For purchases exceeding Rs. 1.00 lakh, the successful bidder, within 15 days of receipt of 

order / letter of award, will be required to send security deposit in the form of Bank Draft 
(or in lieu thereof Performance Bond, in the form of Bank Guarantee as per ONGC’s 
standard proforma) @ 12.2% of contract value.  

 



7 
 

7.  WORK COMPLETION PERIOD:  Within 45 days from placement of NOA 
 
8.  LIQUIDATED DAMAGES CLAUSE  
 

               Time is the essence of the Work Contract. If the Contractor fails to complete the entire 
work by the scheduled completion date, ONGC may without prejudice to any other right 
or remedy available to it as under the Contract /Law: 

 

8.1 Recover from the Contractor as ascertained and agreed Liquidated Damages and not by 
way of penalty, sum equivalent to ½ % of the Total Contract Price for each week of delay 
occurred or part thereof beyond the scheduled completion date subject to a maximum of 
10% of the Total Contract Price even though ONGC may accept delay in Completion of 
work after the expiry of the Scheduled completion date.     

AND/OR 

8.2 Terminate the Contract or a portion or part of the Work thereof.  ONGC shall give 7 
days’ Notice to the Contractor of its intention to terminate the Contract and shall so 
terminate the Contract unless during the 7 days’ notice period, the Contractor initiates 
remedial action acceptable to ONGC.  

 

8.3 In case the Contractor is unable to complete the work by the schedule completion date, it 
may request ONGC before expiry of the scheduled completion date, to allow further time 
for performance of the Contract indicating its willingness to pay the LD amount as agreed 
at 8.1 above. ONGC may at its discretion allow further time as requested by the 
Contractor with or without levy of LD. 
 
 

8.4 The parties agree that the amount of LD provided herein is a genuine pre-estimate of the 
loss/damage which will be suffered on account of delay on the part of the Contractor and 
the said amount shall be payable on demand without there being any proof of the actual 
loss or damage caused by such delay/breach. 
 

8.5 LD will be calculated on the basis of contract value excluding duties and taxes, where 
such duties/taxes have been shown separately in the contract. 
 
 

8.6 The applicable GST on the LD shall have to be borne by the contractor. Accordingly, the 
liquidated damages shall be recovered from the contractor along with applicable GST. 



8 
 

9    Conditions applicable if the offer is from a Micro or Small Enterprises (MSE) 
registered with District Industry Centers or Khadi and Village Industries 
Commission or Khadi and Village Industries Board or Coir Board or National 
Small Industries Corporation or Directorate of Handicrafts and Handloom or any 
other body specified by Ministry of MSME.  

 
(i)  If bidder is a Micro or Small Enterprises (MSE) registered with District Industry Centers 

or Khadi and Village Industries Commission or Khadi and Village Industries Board or 
Coir Board or National Small Industries Corporation or Directorate of Handicrafts and 
Handloom or any other body specified by Ministry of MSME, it shall submit copy of 
valid Registration Certificate,. The Registration Certificate should clearly indicate the 
monetary limit, if any and the nature of jobs/services for which the  bidder is registered 
with any of the aforesaid agencies.  

 
In case bidding MSE is owned by Schedule Caste or Schedule Tribe entrepreneur, valid 
documentary evidence issued by the agency who has registered the bidder as MSE owned 
by SC/ST entrepreneur should also be enclosed.  
 
 

(ii)  In case participating MSEs quote price within price band of L1+15%, such MSE shall be 
considered for award of contract by bringing down their price to L1 price in a situation 
where L1 price is from someone other than a MSE.   In case of more than one such MSE 
qualifying for 15% purchase preference, the contract shall be awarded to lowest eligible 
MSE amongst the MSEs qualifying for 15% purchase preference. 
 
Tendered items and services cannot be procured from multiple sources and are absolutely 
non splitable and non-dividable , PO/Contract shall be placed for supply and installation 
of 100% quantity to lowest eligible bidder, if any, amongst the bidders qualifying for 
purchase preference. 
 

10.0 The bid along with all appendices and copies of documents (except copies of the 
documents required in physical form) should be submitted through ONGC’s e-bidding 
engine, before the scheduled date and time for the tender closing. Such documents submitted 
through e-bidding portal should be as per requirements of the tender,  valid and legally 
operative as on the date fixed for opening of bids. However, documents required in physical 
form should be received at the purchaser’s office (as indicated in “Invitation to Bid”) on or 
before the closing date and time specified for submission of bid through e-bidding portal. 

 
 
 
11.0     The following document should be submitted in physical form  in a sealed envelope 

superscribed as "Physical documents against e-procurement Tender Number 
DM1PL18001, opening on 26.06.2018 at 15.00 hrs.", on the same day of opening of 
tender document so as to reach to the purchaser’s office (as indicated in Invitation to Bid) 



9 
 

on or before the closing date and time specified for submission of bid through e-bidding 
portal . 

 
(i) The “Power of Attorney” or authorization, or any other document consisting of 

adequate proof of the ability of the signatory to bind the bidder, in original, when 
the power of attorney is a special “Power of Attorney” relating to the specific 
tender of ONGC only.  

             A notarized true copy of the “Power of Attorney” shall also be accepted in lieu of the 
original, if the power of attorney is a general “Power of Attorney”.  However, photocopy 
of such notarized true copy shall not be accepted. 

  



10 
 

Appendix-1 

 

UNDERTAKING/DECLARATION 

 

We declare that neither  we nor any of our allied concerns, partners or associates or directors or 
proprietors involved in any capacity, are currently serving any banning orders issued by ONGC 
debarring us from carrying on business dealing with ONGC. 

I/We undertake to provide all the necessary compliances / invoice / documents required under 
GST legislation for enabling ONGC to avail Input tax (GST) credit. 
 

 

 
 

       Signature 
(Seal of bidder) 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  



11 
 

Appendix-2 

Proforma for certificate regarding genuineness of documents 
 
 
The bidder is required to give the following undertaking on the company’s letter head and 
duly signed by the signatory of the bid: 
 
“All the documents/certificates/information submitted by them against the tender are genuine.  In 
case any of the documents/certificates/information submitted by the bidder is found to be false or 
forged, action as deemed fit may be initiated by ONGC at its sole discretion.” 

 
 
 

 

Signature 
(Seal of bidder) 

  



12 
 

Appendix-3 

 

ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS & CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER 

(To be signed (Manual or Digital) by the bidder) 

 

We hereby confirm acceptance of all instructions and conditions of the tender document as well as the 
instructions contained in the web site etender.ongc.co.in for “Supply  and    installation  of    passive 
network infrastructure for New Computer Centre” against Tender No: DM1PL18001 

 

 

Signature 
(Seal of bidder) 

 
 
 
 

  



13 
 

Appendix-4 

Details of the Bidder 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Signature 
(Seal of bidder) 

 

Name of the Bidder                                                              

Complete Address                                                           

Bank Details                                                           

Name and Complete Address of the Vendor as per Bank 

Records 

                                                          

Name &Complete Address of the Bank with Branch 

details 

                                                          

 Bank Account Number (indicate 'Core Bank Account 

Number', if any). 

                                                          

IFSC / NEFT Code (11 digit code) / MICR code, as 

applicable, along with a cancelled cheque leaf. 

                                                          

Permanent Account Number (PAN) under Income Tax 

Act; 

                                                          

GST Registration Number                                                            

e-mail address of the vendor / authorized official (for 

receiving the updates on status of payments). 

                                                          



SCOPE OF WORK AND TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

 

   
1. Existing Local Area Network  
 

The existing network  in ONGC,  IRS comprises of  two  separate  LANs  ‐ “Business Network” 
and  “G&G Network”.  The  nodes  on  the  Business  LAN  facilitate  SAP,  Web  Ice,  Internet, 
Intranet, etc. while  the newly segregated “G&G network” caters  to E&P/EPINET data and 
related  applications.  The  entire  network  has  been  established  recently  on  OM3  OFC 
backbone. 

 
 
2.  Proposed  Networking job at NEW COMPUTER CENTRE, IRS 
 

             Structured LAN Cabling has to be carried out for the New Computer Centre Building which 
includes in general but not limited to Supply, installation, commissioning, testing of various 
passive  components  &  their  integration  with  the  existing  network  as  per  Proposed 
Structured  LAN  Cabling,  Description  of Work,  Bill  of Materials  & Works  and  Technical 
specifications mentioned  elsewhere  in  this document.  The  newly  constructed  Computer 
Centre Building has  few  rooms  in  the Ground  floor and  few on  the First Floor which will 
house around 50 nos. of workstations and Few PCs, printers, etc. on the designed modular 
furniture for the seating arrangement.  

 
               The vendor shall be required to provide all passive components with accessories as per 

BOM.  Installation & Commissioning of the LAN cabling  infrastructure shall be  in accordance 
with the  industry standards and supported by manufacturer and backed with certification / 
warranty. The Racks housing L2 & L3 Switches will be provided by ONGC  for  installation of 
LIU/Jack  Panels.  The  vendor  should  ensure  that  the  existing  network  functioning  is  not 
impaired during implementation any other passive components if required for completion of 
work shall be the responsibility of the vendor.  

 
 

2.1      Broad Guidelines for Network cabling 
 
2.1.1 The proposed  LAN Cabling  schematic and Furniture  layouts  for  seating arrangement on 

the Ground and First Floor of the New Computer Building are given in the next few pages.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 



 
2.1.2 As depicted  in  the Network Cabling Layout, Laser Optimized Multimode Fiber  (LOMMF) 

OM3 OFC cable shall be laid from the Layer 3 Core Distribution Switches at Server Room 
in  Management  Wing  to  Access  Switches  on  First  Floor  and  Ground  Floor  of  New 
Computer  Centre.  PVC  conduit  pipes were  already  laid  during  the  flooring  of  the New 
Computer Centre building  in  accordance with  the  Furniture  layouts  (depicted  in  above 
diagrams)  for  Ground  and  First  Floor.  The  UFTP  Cables  shall  be  laid  from  the  Access 
switches  through  these  conduit  pipes  and  finally  routed  to  the  I/O’s  in  the modular 
furniture to provide connectivity to different user workstations.  

 
2.1.3 The entire LAN cabling work should be carried out as per the broad Furniture layout shown 

in  the diagram. Any  changes  in nodes,  cabling, positioning of  racks,  switches etc. due  to 
change  in  sitting  arrangements  or  other  reasons  thereof  shall  be  accommodated  at  the 
time of job. 

 
2.1.4 OFC Cabling between the  two racks, one on Ground Floor and  the other on First Floor of 

New  Computer  center  shall  also  be  done,  if  required,  in  consultation  with  ONGC 
representative for use in case of emergency, when the main cable is cut or is faulty. 

2.1.5 Cat 6A UFTP cable shall be laid  in already  laid PVC conduits  in the floor and then shall be 
terminated on jack panels on switch side and I/O at user’s side. 

2.1.6 The LAN cabling works must be carried out following structured cabling methodology with 
proper  labelling of  cables at ends,  crimping of  cables,  fixing of patch panels, and proper 
laying  of  LAN  cables  in  PVC  conduits  or  raceways  along  with  necessary  activities.  The 
cabling/crimping must follow TIA/EIA 536‐C standards or above.  

2.1.7 OFC should be laid in a secure and safe manner to provide 100% protection from damage 
caused by rodents or other damage causing entities. 

 

2.1.8 The vendor will supply and install LIU including fixing of the adapter plate and terminating 
pigtails  in the LC modules of the adapter plate and splicing the pigtails with the cores of 
the optical fiber cable terminating  in that LIU. Proper  labelling of the adapter plate shall 
be carried out  including dressing and  labelling of  the  fiber cable and  fiber patch chords 
terminating  in  the  LIU. Dust  plugs will  be  provided  and maintained  on  all  spare  Fiber 
outlets and patch panel ports to protect connections from contamination. 

2.1.9 The vendor will supply and install Jack panels including termination of the CAT 6A cable in 
compliance with  T‐568 C  standard.  Proper  labeling  shall  be done on  the  jack panel by 
mentioning  the number of  the node  (I/O box)  from which  the CAT 6(A) cable has been 
laid.  The  vendor will  install  horizontal  cable manager  and  dressing of  the  high  density 
patch cords coming from jack panel to layer 2/ layer 3 switch. 

 

2.1.10 The  vendor will  lay  the OFC  cable  through HDPE  conduits without  any naked  spaces  in 
between by using necessary accessories so that the cables are not exposed. 

2.1.11 The gap present at both ends of the PVC pipe containing the UFTP cables should be sealed 
by using suitable accessories. 

 

2.1.12 The gap between the PVC pipe and the casing capping should be filled by using the flexible 
PVC conduit to make sure that the UTP/STP cable are not exposed. 

2.1.13 The quantity specified in the BOM is an estimated quantity, the actual quantity required at 



the site may vary depending upon the actual requirement. 

2.1.14 The vendor  is  required  to ensure  that  structured cabling work done under  this contract 
shall be suitable for working for 10 years. 

2.1.15  The  vendor  is  responsible  to  repair/replace  any  existing  cables  &  existing  pipes,  if 
damaged during the LAN cabling works at his cost and labor with prior approval of ONGC. 

2.1.16  All  the  supplied  components  by  the  vendor    shall  be  covered  under  standard  OEM 
warranty. 

 
 

3. Testing & Documentation 
 

3.1.1 The vendor  shall demonstrate  to ONGC  the working of LAN  structured cabling  including 
passive components. To carry out the necessary tests on the installed cable network, the 
required tools/test equipment shall be arranged by the vendor. 

3.1.2 In case, during the testing any passive components found not working, the same shall be 
repaired/replaced by the vendor. 

3.1.3 The vendor has the responsibility to submit OFC cabling routing path and layout diagram of 
UFTP cables & I/O points.  

 
 

4. BILL OF MATERIAL  WITH TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS AND LIST OF SERVICES  
 
The Tentative Bill of Material for the Networking job of New Computer Center is as 
follows:‐ 
 
Sr. 
No. 

Material Description Qty Unit 

1 6 Core Multimode Outdoor Armoured OFC Cable (OM3)  with HDPE 
jacketing, Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Finolex, Panduit 

500 m 

2 12 port Multimode OFC Fully Loaded LIU with  LC Coupler              
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

3 No. 

3 2 meter LC - LC OM3 MM OFC Duplex Patch Cord   
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

20 No. 

4 4 pair  CAT 6A UFTP LSZH 650 MHz cable 
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

4000 m 

5 CAT 6 cable LSZH Jacket  
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, D-link,etc. 

305 m 

6 Cat 6A 24-port loaded, Jack Panel, size 1U 
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex, D-link 

5 No. 

7 Cat6A Patch Cords - 1 Mtr 
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

80 No. 

8 Cat6A Patch Cords - 2 Mtr 
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

80 No. 

9 CAT 6A 10 G Information Outlet  
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

80 No. 

10 CAT 6A Dual Port Face Plate with dust cover protection 
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

80 No. 

11 Back Box for I/O Termination 
Preferred Make :- R&M, Belden, Panduit, Molex 

80 No. 

12 32mm HDPE Pipe with Accessories of ISI Marked Make 300 m 

 



     The List of Services/Works required are:‐ 
 

Sr. 
No. 

Service Description Qty Unit 

1 Laying Of 32mm HDPE Pipe on walls 300 m 
2 Laying of Optical fiber cable in  HDPE/ PVC Pipe 500 m 
3 OFC splicing   48 No. of cores 

4  LIU Fixing  3 No. 
5 OTDR Testing  48 No. of cores 
6  Laying of UFTP CAT6A Cable in  conduit pipe 4000 m 
7 CAT6A 24 Port Patch Panel installation and routing 5 No. 
8 Termination of Cat 6A  cable on the information outlet including 

fixing of Faceplate and SMB at user end 
80 No. 

9 Termination of CAT6A Cable at rack end 80 No. 
10 Labeling and ferruling charges at both ends 80 No. 
11 

RCC cutting and covering 2 No. 

12 Core cutting 2 No. 
13 Excavation and Backfilling  of Soft Soil 3ft Deep and 1.5ft Wide 20 m 
14 Excavation and Backfilling of RCC/PCC road. Backfilling of soil 

and repairing 
20 m 

 
The material quantities mentioned  in Bill of Material  are  approximate.  Payments 
would be made on actual material deployed and actual services undertaken by the 
vendor for completion of work. 
 
The  vendor  would  have  to  get  the measurements  done  in  presence  of  ONGC 
representative for actual installed material at the time of execution. 

 
5. SCHEDULE OF WORK 

 

The vendor will complete the entire work within scheduled time of 40 days from the 
date of NOA/Work Order : 

(i) Supply  of  the  structured  LAN  cabling  components  as  per  Bill  of  Materials 
(BOM) and Technical Specifications. 

(ii) Installation,  commissioning,  testing  of  the  structured  LAN  cabling    after 
connectivity with the L2/L3 switches 

 
6.   PAYMENT TERMS 
 

Payment shall be made by Company after work completion and duly verified /certified by 
Infocom  representative. Work completion Certificate shall be  issued by Head‐Infocom or 
his authorized representative. Payments would be made on actuals. 
 

7. Special Conditions of the contract  
 

7.1 Any  other  minor  work/  supply  required  for  work  completion  as  per  standard  OEM 
practices, though not mentioned above shall be carried out / supplied without additional 

charges to ONGC. 

7.2 Quality of material shall be consistent with accepted standard OEM practices. 
7.3 The vendor has to supply, Install, commission and test all the offered items and accessories 

along with their interconnectivity / integration for fulfilling technical specs and SOW. 

 
 



7.4 All accessories not manufactured by vendor should be of reputed make. Where ONGC feels 
that the material is not confirming to requisite standard, ONGC reserves right to reject the 

material without assigning any reasons and this will be binding to the vendor. 

7.5 Pipes,  RCC  /  core‐cuttings  etc. will  be  back‐filled  and  restored  to  the  original  condition 
immediately  after  laying  of  the  conduits  /  cables.  The  vendor  shall  plug  conduits  and 

entrance holes where the cabling has been installed with suitable material. 

7.6 The  contractor  should  take  all precautions during  cable  laying  and avoid  any damage  to 
personnel  and  property  of  ONGC.  Any  damage  due  to  carelessness  of  the  contractor 

personnel  will  be  the  sole  responsibility  of  the  contractor  and  cost  of  damage  shall 

accordingly be recovered. 

7.7 Clarifications regarding the job shall be obtained from Engineer‐in‐charge or his authorized 
representative.  Any  instruction  /  clarification  provided  by  Engineer  in  charge  or  his 

authorized representative shall be final and binding on the contractor. 

7.8   The contractor  shall arrange  to obtain all necessary entry permits  for personnel  for  the 
job. 

7.9 All tools and equipment required to carry out the contract job shall be arranged / provided         
by the contractor. 

7.10 The contractor must arrange safety footwear and other safety devices for the laborers, the 
safety shall be sole responsibility of the contractor. 

7.11 The contractor shall provide security for all the materials stored  in his custody at the site. 
ONGC will not entertain any claim for loss of material. 

7.12 The contractor need to clear the site in all respect from surplus/ leftover materials brought 
for the job after completion of the work. 

7.13 Completion  certificate  will  be  issued  by  the  engineer  in  charge  or  his  authorized   
representative after satisfactory completion of the entire job as per scope of work. 

7.14 Full and final payment will be made after successful completion of the job. i.e. after issue of 
completion certificate by EIC. 

7.15 The  job shall be attended by personnel having adequate experience  in performing similar 
jobs.  

7.16 ONGC will not own any liability towards the workman engaged by the contractor. 
7.17 For execution of contract, it is contractor’s responsibility to arrange for all necessary tools/ 

testing equipment including safety kit to carry out the jobs in time. 

7.18 Security pass : Contractor has to arrange ONGC security pass for entry of their personnel  to  
be engaged for job  prior to the start of execution as required by IRS, ONGC security. 

7.19 The  contractor  shall  comply  with  all  central,  state  and  local  government  regulations 
applicable to the work and ensure that the personnel engaged under this contract follow all 

safety and security requirements of ONGC. 

 

8. Project Warranty  
 

The  project  shall  be  covered  under One‐year  comprehensive  onsite warranty  in  addition  to 
standard OEM warranty of material supplied for LAN infrastructure.  



Technical Specifications of UFTP/ OFC cables, components and accessories 
 

The minimum specifications for UTP and OFC cable, components and accessories to be 
supplied are as mentioned should be as per Table 1.  

 
Table 1 

 
1.0  Copper UFTP Cable, Components and Accessories: 

  The structured cabling shall meet TIA/EIA‐568‐C.2 Category 6A and ISO/IEC 1801 
Class EA performance requirements. 

  Shall meet IEEE 802.3 and 10 Gigabit Ethernet over UTP requirements. 

  The 4 Pair‐shielded 100 Ohm installation cable with individual pair foiled with AL, 
suitable for transmission frequencies of up to >650 MHz, 4 x 2 (AWG 23). Compliant 
with standards ISO/IEC 11801 standards, 10GBASE‐T in acc. with IEEE 802.3™, tested 
and certified. Should be certified (by independent test i.e. 3P/Delta lab) for 10G 
Gigabit Ethernet Performance up to 100 meters, 23 AWG solid bare copper. Cable 
shall be LSZH/RoHS compliment. 

  Category 6A patch cords shall be ETL/UL Listed/Certified and LSZH/RoHS compliant, 

  Cat 6A Patch Cord‐ Should have RJ‐45 plugs with matching color molded boot at both 
the ends. It should be factory crimped and packed. Patch cord should support 
network line speeds up to 10G. The conductor should be stranded copper for 
flexibility of the patch cable and should be RoHS compliant. 

  The RJ‐45 type information outlets (in single and dual form) should support 10 
Gigabit Ethernet. 

  Faceplate of the outlets should have shutter to prevent dust and dirt getting into the 
outlet for single and dual outlets. The  I/Os must have clear label for identification. 

  The RJ‐45 outlets should have integral hinged dust cover if not available on the face 
plate and suitable wire management unit for cable entry to protect against any loose 
joints, strain etc. 

  The Work Area Patch cord and Mounting Cord should have factory fitted snag less 
boots to maintain the bend radius at both ends.  

  The Patch Panel (wire termination module) should be UL or ETL Certified to meet 
EIA/TIA 568‐B/C and IEC 11801 Class EA standard. The panel shall fit in 19” rack and 
have 24 ports. 

2.0  Optical Fiber Cable, Components and Accessories: 

  The Fiber cable shall be multimode Outdoor armored 850 nm, laser‐optimized 
50/125 µm, OM3 type with 6 cores. It should conform or exceed 10 Gigabit 
performance up to 800m with suitable terminations and connectors. 

  Cable shall meet IEEE 802.3ae 10 Gigabit Ethernet over Fiber requirements. 

 All patch cords shall conform to EIA/TIA‐568C.3 and ISO/IEC‐11801. Patch cords shall 
have Factory Terminated LC connectors at both the ends. 

 The OFC Trunk cable shall be ETL/UL Listed/Certified and LSZH/RoHS compliant. 

 The LC couplers and pigtails should also meet IEC standards

 



 

PRICE FORMAT  

SUPPLY OF MATERIAL 

Sr. 

No. 
Item Description  Qty  Unit  Offered Make and model 

Basic Rate 

Per Unit 

 

GST  

(applicable %age) 

(Please mention 

clearly) 

Total 
cost 

(Rs.) (Rs.) 

1  6 Core Multimode Outdoor Armored OFC Cable 
(OM3)  

500 
m         

2  12 port Multimode OFC Fully Loaded LIU with  LC 
Coupler 

3 
No.         

3  2 meter LC ‐ LC OM3 MM OFC Duplex Patch Cord   20  No.         

4  4 pair  CAT 6A UFTP LSZH 650 MHz cable  4000  m    

5  CAT 6 cable LSZH Jacket  305  m         

6  Cat 6A 24‐port loaded, Jack Panel, size 1U  5  No.         

7  Cat6A Patch Cords ‐ 1 Mtr  80  No.         

8  Cat6A Patch Cords ‐ 2 Mtr  80  No.         

9  CAT 6A 10 G Information Outlet  80  No.         

10  CAT 6A Dual Port Face Plate   80  No.         

11  Back Box for I/O Termination  80  No.    

12  32mm HDPE Pipe with Accessories   300  m         

Total cost of material including GST (1 + 2 + 3 + ………….. + 12)  ‐  “A”    

 
 

Packing and Forwarding Charges for above material , if any,  “B”             
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
INSTALLATION CHARGES 
 

Sr. 

No. 
Service Description  Qty  Unit 

Per Unit 

Basic 

price 

GST  

(applicable %age) 

(Please mention 

clearly) 

Total 
cost 

(Rs.) (Rs.) 

1  Laying Of 32mm HDPE Pipe on walls  300  m       
2  Laying of Optical fiber cable in  HDPE/ PVC Pipe  500  m       
3 

OFC splicing  charges  48 
No. of 

cores 

4   LIU Fixing charges  3  No.

5 
OTDR Testing Charges  48 

No. of 

cores 

     

6   Laying of UFTP CAT6A Cable in  conduit pipe  4000  m       
7  CAT6A 24 Port Patch Panel installation and routing  5  No.       
8  Termination of Cat 6A  cable on the information 

outlet including fixing of Faceplate and SMB at user 
end 

80 
No.       

9  Termination of CAT6A Cable at rack end  80  No.       
10  Labeling and ferruling charges at both ends  80  No.

11  RCC cutting and covering  2  No.       

12  Core cutting  2  No.       
13  Excavation and Backfilling  of Soft Soil 3ft Deep and 

1.5ft Wide 
20 

No.

14  Excavation and Backfilling of RCC/PCC road. 
Backfilling of soil and repairing 

20 
No.

15.  Any other Miscellaneous charges     
Total cost of installation including GST (1 + 2 + 3 + ………….. + 14)  ‐  “C”    

 
 
 



 

LUMP‐SUM CHARGES (TOTAL OF “A”+ “B”+ “C”  ABOVE)    
 
Note  : 

1. Rates should be quoted on FOR Destination, ONGC, IRS, Ahmedabad‐380005 basis.  
2. Discount: Bidders are advised not to indicate any separate discount.  Discount, if any, should be merged with the quoted prices. 
3. The rates must be quoted in figures as well as in words without any cutting or overwriting. In case any discrepancy in the rates quoted in figure and words, the 

rates quoted in words shall be considered as final and authentic. 
4. NOA/ Work Order will be issued to the bidder in case the bid has been determined to be in full conformity to the bid documents and has been determined as 

the lowest evaluated bid as per the evaluation criteria, economically feasible and responsive. 
5. Payment terms :  

a) Payment shall be made by Company after work completion and duly verified /certified by Infocom representative. Work completion Certificate shall be 
issued by Head‐Infocom or his authorized representative. No advance payment will be made. 

b) Payments would be made on actuals. 
c) 100% payment will be made within 21  calendar days  from  the date of  receipt of  clear and undisputed  invoice/bill  subject  to  satisfactory  Inspection  at 

Destination by Indentor & QAD. 
d) The invoice/bill is to be raised in the name of “Manager (F&A), I/C‐Pre‐audit, IRS, ONGC, Ahmedabad”.  
e) The  invoice/bills along with copy QCC issued by ONGC is to be submitted  in a sealed cover addressed to “IMS Desk, ONGC, IRS, Ahmedabad‐380005”. The 

following information should be given on the envelop: 

 Vendor Code  
 NOA No. 
 Invoice No. & date 
 E‐mail ID of the vendor where tracking number will be sent. 
 

 

 

  Signature 

                                   (Seal of bidder) 

 

 


