











































Microsoft Word - TenderforServer+VMWareforNVLI-228


Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 1 of 26  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing 
A Scientific Society of Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology, 

Government of India 

Innovation Park, Panchvati, Pashan, 

Pune 411 008. 

Tel: +91-20-25503108 

www.cdac.in 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Tender No: CDAC-IP/Server+VMWare/2018/228 

 

C-DAC invites ONLINE bids for Supply, Installation & Commissioning of Server: Compute Nodes- 2U Rack 
Mountable Server and VMWare Software for CDAC Pune. 

 
 

Prospective Bidders may download the Tender Document from www.cdac.in / 

https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app.  Bidders a r e  a d v i s e d  t o  go  through the i n s t r u c t i o n s  

p r o v i d e d  a t  Instructions for online Bid Submission’ and submit duly filled bids online on the website  

https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app as per the schedule given in the Tender Document; along with a 

Tender document fee of Rs. 1,000/- (non-refundable) by Demand Draft favouring C-DAC, Pune payable at 

Pune. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 2 of 26  

 

TENDER SCHEDULE 

 

Tender No: CDAC IP/Server+VMWare/2018/228 

Name of the Institute Centre for Development of Advanced Computing, Pune 
411008. 

Place of Supply, Installation & Commissioning,  

Support etc. 
Centre For Development of Advanced Computing, 

Innovation Park, Panchvati, Pashan Road, PUNE. 

Last Date of Submission of Bids  June 11,2018 upto  1500 Hrs 

Date of Opening of Technical Bids  June 12, 2018  @ 1530 Hrs 

Place of Opening of Technical Bids C-DAC, Pune 411 008 

Date of Opening of Commercial Bids will be informed later 

 
Instruction for Online Bid Submission: 

The bidders are required to submit soft copies of their bids electronically on the CPP Portal, using valid 

Digital Signature Certificates. The instructions given below are meant to assist the bidders in registering 

on the CPP Portal, prepare their bids in accordance with the requirements and submitting their bids 

online on the CPP Portal. More information useful for submitting online bids on the CPP Portal may be 

obtained at:  https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app. 

 

REGISTRATION: 

• Bidders are required to enrol on the e-Procurement module of the Central Public Procurement 

Portal (URL: https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app) by clicking on the link ̀ Click here to Enrol’. Enrolment 

on the CPP Portal is free of charge. 

• As part of the enrolment process, the bidders will be required to choose a unique username and 

assign a password for their accounts. 

• Bidders are advised to register their valid email address and mobile numbers as part of the registration 

process. These would be used for any further communication from the CPP Portal. 

• Upon enrolment, the bidders will be required to register their valid Digital Signature Certificate (Class II 

or Class III Certificates with signing key usage) issued by any Certifying Authority recognized by CCA India 

with their profile. 

• Only one valid DSC should be registered by a bidder. Please note that the bidders are responsible to 

ensure that they do not lend their DSCs to others, which may lead to misuse. 

• Bidder then logs into the site through the secured login by entering their user ID / password and the 

password of the DSC / eToken. 

 

SEARCHING FOR TENDER DOCUMENTS: 

• There are various search options built in the CPP Portal, to facilitate bidders to search active tenders 

by several parameters. These parameters could include Tender ID, Organization Name, Location, Date, 

Value, etc. There is also an option of advanced search for tenders, wherein the bidders may combine a 

number of search parameters such as organization name, form of contract, location, date, other 

keywords etc. to search for a tender published on the CPP Portal. 

• Once the bidders have selected the tenders they are interested in, they may download the required 

documents / tender schedules. These tenders can be moved to the respective `My Tenders’ folder. 

This would enable the CPP Portal to intimate the bidders through SMS / E-mail in case there is any 

corrigendum issued to the tender document. 

• The bidder should make a note of the unique Tender ID assigned to each tender, in case they want to 

obtain any clarification / help from the Helpdesk. 

 

 

 

 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 3 of 26  

 

 

 

 

PREPARATION OF BIDS: 

 

• Bidder should take into account corrigendum published if any on the tender document before submitting 

their bids. 

• Please go through the tender advertisement and the tender document carefully to understand the 

documents required to be submitted as part of the bid. Please note the number of covers in which the 

bid documents have to be submitted, the number of documents – including the names and content of 

each of the document that need to be submitted. Any deviations from these may lead to rejection of the 

bid. 

• Bidder, in advance, should get ready the bid documents to be submitted as indicated in the tender 

document / schedule and generally, they can be in PDF / XLS / RAR / DWF formats. Bid documents 

may be scanned with 100dpi with black and white option. 

• To avoid the time and effort required in uploading the same set of standard documents which are 

required to be submitted as a part of every bid, a provision of uploading such standard documents (e.g. 

PAN card copy, annual reports, auditor certificates etc.) has been provided to the bidders. Bidders can 

use `My Space’ area available to them to upload such documents. These documents may be directly 

submitted from the `My Space’ area while submitting a bid, and need not be uploaded repeatedly. This 

will lead to a reduction in the time required for bid submission process. 

 
 

SUBMISSION OF BIDS: 
 

• Bidder should log into the site well in advance for bid submission so that he/she upload the bid in time 

i.e. on or before the bid submission time. Bidder will be responsible for any delay due to other issues. 

• The bidder has to digitally sign and upload the required bid documents one by one as indicated in the 

tender document. 

• Bidder has to select the payment option as `offline’ to pay the tender fee / EMD as applicable and enter 

details of the instrument(s). 

• Financial bids to be submitted in PDF format. 

• The server time (which is displayed on the bidders’ dashboard) will be considered as the standard 

time for referencing the deadlines for submission of the bids by the bidders, opening of bids etc. 

The bidders should follow this time during bid submission, 

• All the documents being submitted by the bidders would be encrypted using PKI encryption techniques 

to ensure the secrecy of the data. The data entered cannot be viewed by unauthorized persons until 

the time of bid opening. The confidentiality of the bids is maintained using the secured Socket Layer 

128 bid encryption technology. Data storage encryption of sensitive fields is done. 

• The uploaded tender documents become readable only after the tender opening by the authorized bid 

openers. 

• Upon the successful and timely submission of bids, the portal will give a successful bid submission 

message and a bid summary will be displayed with the bid no. and the date & time of submission 

of the bid with all other relevant details. 

 
 

ASSISTANCE TO BIDDERS: 

 

• Any queries relating to the tender document and the terms and conditions contained therein should be 

addressed to the Tender Inviting Authority for a tender or the relevant contact person indicated in the 

Tender. 

• Any queries relating to the process of online bid submission or queries relating to CPP Portal in general 

may be directed to the 24*7 CPP Portal Helpdesk. The contact number for the helpdesk is 1800 233 

7315. 

 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 4 of 26  

 

 
 

GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO THE BIDDERS: 

 

• The tenders will be received online through portal https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app. In the 

Technical Bids, the bidders are required to upload all the documents in .pdf format. 

• Possession of Valid Class II/III Digital Signature Certificate (DSC) in the form of smart card/ e-Token 

in the company’s name is a prerequisite for registration and participating in the bid submission 

activities through  https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app. Digital Signature Certificates can be obtained 

from the authorized certifying agencies, details of which are available in the web site 

https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app under the link `Information about DSC’. 

 

Tenderers are advised to follow the instructions provided in the `Instructions to the Tenderers for the e-

Submission of the bids online through the Central Public Procurement Portal for e-Procurement at 

https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app. 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 5 of 26  

 

SECTION I: INVITATION FOR BIDS (IFB) 

 

1. Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) - is a scientific society of Department of 
Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) under the administrative control of Ministry of 

Electronics & Information Technology, Government of India. C-DAC invites `ONLINE’ bids from 

eligible bidders for Supply, Installation & Commissioning of Server: Compute Nodes- 2U Rack 

Mountable Server and VMWare Software, as per schedule of requirements, terms and conditions 

stipulated in this document. 

2. Contact information: 

Material Management Group 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) Innovation Park 

Panchvati, Pashan, Pune 411 008.  

Maharashtra, INDIA 

Tel No.: +91-20–25503108 

E-mail: mmg@cdac.in  
 

3. Two bid System – Online submission through https://www.eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app 

The two-ebid system will be followed for this tender. In this system, bidder must submit their offer 

- online in separate e-packets as explained below: 

4. Online - Envelope No. 1: "Technical eBid" shall contain: (PDF format only) 

a. Scanned copy of Demand Draft towards tender fee of Rs. 1,000/- (Rupees One Thousand 
Only) drawn in favour of C-DAC payable at Pune. (The DD must reach physically at the 

place of Opening of the Tender on or before the Due Date & Time of the Tender) 

b. Scanned copy of Demand draft/Bank Guarantee towards Earnest Money Deposit of 
Rs.90,000/- (Rupees Ninety Thousand only) drawn in favour of C-DAC payable at Pune. (The 

Demand Draft/bank Guarantee must reach physically at the place of Opening of the Tender 

on or before the Due Date & Time of the Tender Submission) 

c. The bidder registered with National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC) may claim 
exemption from submission of EMD. In this case, the bidder must upload copy of valid 

registration certificate from NSIC (valid for the products required by C-DAC). 

d. Duly filled Technical Bid with proper seal and signature of the authorised person (with 
name, designation, email id & contact no.) The authority letter, as per the format attached 

at Annexure – D 

e. A copy of Certificate of Incorporation, Partnership Deed / Memorandum and Articles of 
Association / any other equivalent document showing date and place of incorporation, as 

applicable. 

f. Copy of at least one supply order / installation report in the name of bidder or their principal 
manufacturer indicating that the bidder/ principal manufacturer has supplied and installed 

successfully in India - Hardware & Software of similar nature in Schedule of Requirement. 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 6 of 26  

 

g. Only the principal manufacturers or their authorised system integrators are allowed to bid for 
the items as mentioned in the tender document. The specific authorisation letter from 

Principal/s clearly indicating that the bidder is competent to sell & provide services for the 

items mentioned in the Scope of Supply given in this tender document. The undertaking on 

the letterhead of Principal Manufacturer as per format given in Annexure – B must be 

submitted. 

h. The copy of audited balance sheet or the certificate from a Chartered Accountant for the 
financial year 2015-2016, 2014-2015 and 2013-2014 indicating the annual sales turnover of 

the bidder. 

i. The detailed technical specification, make, model, part number & compliance of each item 
offered supported by the printed catalogue / leaflet published by the Principal 

Manufacturer. 

j. A photo copy of the commercial bid without prices (prices blocked) and copy of 
commercial terms & conditions (in details) as included in the commercial bid. C-DAC reserves 

the right to reject the bid in case of discrepancy observed in the un-priced commercial bid 

and the actual commercial bid. 

k. Undertaking from the OEM to the effect that the products offered are not nearing end-of- 
life / end-of-support five years down the line from the date of bidding. 

l. Undertaking to the effect that a Security Deposit of 5% of the order value will be submitted 
in case C- DAC decides to place the Purchase Order. 

m. Undertaking to the effect that the terms and conditions, clauses etc. stipulated in this tender 
are acceptable. (as per Annexure- C attached) 

n. Other documents necessary in support of eligibility criteria, product catalogues, brochures 
etc. 

 

Note: C-DAC reserves the right to reject the bid if any of the above listed document/s is not 

submitted. 

5. Online - Envelope 2: “Commercial eBid “shall contain: (PDF format only) 
The Commercial Bid along with detailed terms and conditions, complete in all respects with proper 

seal and signature of authorised person with name, designation, email id and contact no. 

 

6. Both the technical bid and commercial e-bid should be addressed to:  

Materials Management Group (MMG) 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) Innovation Park, 

Panchvati, Pashan, Pune 411 008, INDIA. 

 

7.  Date of submission/Due Date of e-bids and opening of the Technical bids – Online. 
Last date for uploading the ebids: 11th June 2018 up to 1500 Hrs and 

Opening of Tech Bids online on – 12th June 2018 at 15.30 Hrs. at  

 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), 

Innovation Park, Pune 411 008.  Maharashtra, INDIA,  

Tel No.: +91-20–25503108 

 E-mail: mmg@cdac.in  

 

 

 

 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 7 of 26  

 

8.  Technical ebids will be opened - online on 12th June 2018 at 1530 Hrs at: 
 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC), 

Innovation Park, Pune 411 008.  Maharashtra, INDIA,  

Tel No.: +91-20–25503108 

 E-mail: mmg@cdac.in   

The bids must be submitted on-line. The Tender Fees & EMD/BG/NSIC etc. must be submitted in 

person or through post/ courier (C-DAC shall not be responsible for any postal delays or any other 

reason for not submitting the tender fees/ EMD etc. in the specified time and resulting in 

disqualification / rejection of any bid) so as to reach on or before the due date and time. The 

representatives (maximum two) of bidders are welcome to attend the opening of the `online’ 

technical ebids. 

In case bidder requires any clarifications / information, they may contact C-DAC address given in 

Clause 2 of Section I. 

Note: Please do not put "Commercial Bid" (prices quoted) in the technical bid envelope. If the price 

quoted is submitted / leaked with technical bid, the tender will be rejected at the sole discretion of 

C-DAC. 

9. Opening of commercial ebids – online 
 

10. Commercial ebids of the qualified bidders only will be opened, in the presence of the bidders or their 
authorized representative of the bidders, who choose to attend, at the time place and date to be 

informed later. The authorized representative of bidders, present at the time of opening of the bids 

shall be required to sign an attendance register as a proof of having attended the commercial 

bid opening. 

The bidder‘s name, bid prices, discounts and other appropriate details will be announced at the time 

of the opening of the commercial bids. 

(END OF SECTION I) 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 8 of 26  

SECTION II: INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS (ITB) 

 

1. Locations for the Supply, Installation & Warranty Services 

The entire products as described in Schedule of Requirements must be supplied, installed, 

commissioned & supported at C-DAC Pune. 

2. Delivery Period: 

All the items covered in the Schedule of Requirements (Section – IV) must be supplied within 0 6  

weeks from the date of placement of order.  Supplier should complete the installation within two 

Weeks from the date of supply. 

3. Order Placements: 

The Supply Order shall be released by: 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) Innovation Park, 

Panchvati, Pashan, Pune 411008, 

Maharashtra, INDIA. 

 

The payments shall be released by: 

 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) 

Innovation Park, Panchvati, Pashan, 

Pune – 08. Maharashtra, INDIA 

 

4. Eligibility Criteria: 

4.1. Bidder should either be a principal manufacturer or authorised system integrator for the 
items mentioned in the tender document. 

4.2. The Indian agent and the Principal / OEM of Servers cannot bid simultaneously. 

4.3. Bidder should have annual sales turnover of minimum Rs. 75 Lakhs for each of the financial year 
2015-2016, 2016-2017, 2017-2018. 

4.4. The bidders should upload the required documents / financial instruments as stipulated in 
Section – I. 

4.5. The bidder must quote for all the items given in Schedule of Requirements – Section IV of this 
document. 

4.6. The bidder must submit the technical compliance sheet/report as per the technical 
requirements/features; stating deviations if any. 

4.7. Undertaking to the effect that a Security Deposit of 5% of the order value will be submitted in 
case C- DAC decides to place the Purchase Order. 

4.8. The bidder must not be blacklisted by C-DAC or any other Educational / R&D / Govt. 
organizations. A certificate or undertaking to this effect must be submitted. 

4.9. The bidder must submit the applicable documents as stipulated at para 4, Section – I. 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 9 of 26  

4.10. Pre-Qualification Criteria:-  

Special Terms & Conditions- 

1. Hardware should be from original manufacturers and should be shipped in original 

packing with OEM part numbers.  

2. Bidder has to quote entire hardware products from Single OEM. One bidder can 

represent only one OEM. 

3. The OEM should have direct sales & support centre in India to provide technical 

support. Contact details of the support centre should be provided with the offer.  

4. The proposed product OEM must have presence in India for more than 05 year’s 

period. 

5. The Bidder should fill compliance statement against each technical specification 

along with technical documentary proof. Any deviation from above mentioned 

technical specifications should be clearly indicated.  

6. The OEM should have executed min one order (in INDIA) for minimum 500 TB of 

storage and a single order of minimum 08 server nodes, supporting documents 

should be furnished along with the bid  

7. The Proposed hardware should support to Hyper Converged Technology.   

8. Bidder must ISO certified company, document should be attached. 

9. All the quoted Software Licences should be perpetual & No additional charges for 

software at the up-gradation of Storage Capacity in future.  

 

 Note:  The bidders should provide sufficient documentary evidence to support the eligibility              

             Criteria. C-DAC reserves the right to reject any bid not fulfilling the eligibility criteria. 

5. Amendment to Bidding Documents 

5.1. At any time prior to the deadline for submission of bids, C-DAC may, for any reason, 
whether on its own initiative or in response to the clarification request by a prospective 

bidder, modify the bid document. 

5.2. The amendments to the tender documents, if any, will be notified by release of 
Corrigendum Notice on www.eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app / www.cdac.in/tender against 

this tender. The amendments/ modifications will be binding on the bidders. 

5.3. C-DAC at its discretion may extend the deadline for the submission of bids if it thinks 
necessary to do so or if the bid document undergoes changes during the bidding period, in 

order to give prospective bidders time to take into consideration the amendments while 

preparing their bids. 

 

6. Preparation of Bids 

Bidder should avoid, as far as possible, corrections, overwriting, erasures or postscripts in the bid 

documents. In case however, any corrections, overwriting, erasures or postscripts have to be made 

in the bids, they should be supported by dated signatures of the same authorized person signing 

the bid documents. However, bidder shall not be entitled to amend/ add/ delete/ correct the 

clauses mentioned in the entire tender document. 

 

7. Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 

7.1. The Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) must be submitted prior to the DUE DATE & TIME of 
submission of the online technical bid. The EMD is required to be in the form of Demand 

Draft/Bank Guarantee in favour of C-DAC payable at Pune, India, for an amount of Rs. 

90,000/- (Rupees Ninety Thousand Only). 

7.2. The Indian bidders registered with National Small Industries Corporation are exempted from 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 10 of 26  

payment of EMD. In this case, the bidders must submit the copy of valid NSIC registration 

certificate for the required items, valid till the date of completion of all obligations/ 

responsibilities of both parties. The bid submitted without EMD/BG/NSIC shall stand 

rejected. No interest shall be payable on EMD. 

7.3. The EMD/BG will be returned to the bidder(s) whose offer is not accepted, within 30 days from 
the date of opening of commercial bid(s). In case of the bidder whose offer is accepted, the 

EMD will be returned on submission of Security Deposit (Refer Clause 5 of Section III). However, 

if the return of EMD is delayed for any reason, no interest/ penalty shall be payable to the 

bidder. 

7.4. The successful bidder, on award of contract / order, must send the contract/ order acceptance 
in writing, within 7 days of award of contract/ order, failing which the EMD will be forfeited 

and the order will be cancelled. 

7.5. The EMD may be forfeited: 

o If the bidder withdraws the bid during the period of bid validity specified in the tender. 

o In case a successful bidder, fails to furnish the Performance Bank Guarantee (Refer Clause 6 
of Section III). 

o If the bidder fails to furnish the acceptance in writing, within 7 days of award of contract/ 
order. 

 

8. Period of validity of bids 
 

8.1. Bids shall be valid for minimum 120 days from the date of submission. A bid valid for a 
shorter period shall stand rejected. 

8.2. C-DAC may ask for the bidder’s consent to extend the period of validity. Such request and 
the response shall be made in writing only. The bidder is free not to accept such request 

without forfeiting the EMD/BG. A bidder agreeing to the request for extension will not be 

permitted to modify his bid. 
 

9. Submission of Bids- Online PDF format only. 

The Bid documents shall be neatly arranged. They should not contain any terms and conditions, 

printed or otherwise, which are not applicable to the Bid. The conditional bid will be summarily 

rejected. Insertions, postscripts, additions and alterations shall not be recognized, unless 

confirmed by bidder’s signature. 
 

10. Deadline for Submission of Bids – Online Only 

10.1. Bids must be received by C-DAC before the due date and time at the address specified in the 
tender document. 

10.2. C-DAC may extend this deadline for submission of bids by amending the bid documents and the 
same shall be suitably notified in the media. 

 

11. Late Bids 

C-DAC shall not be responsible and liable for the delay in receiving the bid for whatsoever 

reason. 
 

12. Bid Opening & Evaluation of Bids 
12.1. The technical bids will be evaluated in two steps. 

• The bids will be examined based on eligibility criteria stipulated at Para 4 of Section II to 
shortlist the eligible bidders. 

• The technical bids of only the short listed eligible bidders shall be evaluated based on 
technical specifications stipulated at Section – IV. 

 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 11 of 26  

12.2. The bidders whose technical bid is found to meet both the requirements as specified above 
will qualify for opening of the commercial bid and will be informed about the date and time 

of the opening of the commercial bid. 

12.3. The duly constituted Tender Evaluation Committee (TEC) shall evaluate the bids. The TEC 
shall be empowered to take appropriate decisions on minor deviations, if any. 

12.4. The bidder’s name, bid prices, discounts and such other details considered as appropriate by 
C-DAC, will be announced at the time of opening of the commercial bids. 

 

13. Comparison of Bids 
 

Only the short-listed bids from the technical evaluation shall be considered for commercial 

comparison. 
 

14. Award of Contract 
 

14.1. C-DAC shall award the contract to the eligible bidder whose technical bid has been accepted 
and determined as the lowest evaluated commercial bid based on the Grand Total calculated 

of all items + taxes etc. of the Commercial Bids. However, C-DAC reserves the right and 

has sole discretion to reject the lowest evaluated bid. 

14.2. If more than one bidder happens to quote the same lowest price, C-DAC reserves the right 
to decide the criteria and further process for awarding the contract, decision of C- DAC shall 

be final for awarding the contract. 
 

15. End User Certificate (if applicable) 

C-DAC can provide end user certificate in advance in order to save on time/ delivery period. However, 

this does not mean that the order shall be placed on the same bidder. The bidder may submit the 

format of end user certificate at the earliest, preferably along with the technical bid. 

 

16. Purchaser’s Right to amend / cancel 
 

16.1. C-DAC reserves the right to amend the eligibility criteria, commercial terms & conditions, Scope 
of Supply, technical specifications etc. 

16.2. C-DAC reserves the right to cancel the entire tender without assigning any reasons thereof. 

16.3. C-DAC reserves right to place part orders. 
 

17. Corrupt or Fraudulent Practices 
 

17.1. It is expected that the bidders who wish to bid for this project have highest standards of ethics. 

17.2. C-DAC will reject bid if it determines that the bidder recommended for award has engaged in 
corrupt or fraudulent practices while competing for this contract. 

17.3. C-DAC may declare a vendor ineligible, either indefinitely or for a stated duration, to be 
awarded a contract if it at any time determines that the vendor has engaged in corrupt 

and fraudulent practices during the award / execution of contract. 

 

18. Interpretation of the clauses in the Tender Document / Contract Document 

In case of any ambiguity/ dispute in the interpretation of any of the clauses in this Tender 

Document, the interpretation of the clauses by Director General, C-DAC shall be final and 

binding on all parties. 

 (END OF SECTION II) 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 12 of 26  

 

SECTION III: SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (SCC) 

 

1. Prices 
 

1.1. The price quoted shall be considered firm and no price escalation will be permitted   
    ( except Govt. Statutory Levies). 

1.2. Bidder can quote in INR only.  

1.3. The prices quoted must be on “all-inclusive till destination” basis.  

1.4. The exact rate of taxes, charges currently applicable must be mentioned in the 
        `Commercial bid format’. 

2. Software Licenses 
 

The software licenses, if any, shall be required in the name of user. The licenses shall contain paper 

licenses and at least one set of media (CDs) – wherever applicable. All software licenses quoted should 

be of perpetual. 

 

3. Security Deposit (SD) 
 

The successful bidder will be required to furnish the Security Deposit in INR equivalent to 05% of the 

order value within 07 days of receipt of Supply Order. The Security Deposit should be submitted 

in the form of Demand Draft/Bank Guarantee drawn in favour of C-DAC payable at Pune. The 

Security Deposit from Indian representative in INR is acceptable. The Security Deposit will be 

returned upon completion of installation & commissioning and on submission of Performance Bank 

Guarantee (PBG). 

 

4. Performance Bank Guarantee (PBG) 
 

The successful bidder will be required to furnish the Performance Guarantee towards the Hardware 

& Software supplied, in the form of a Bank Guarantee  in INR equivalent to 10% amount of 

the Supply Order value, as per the format attached to this document (Annexure – A). This bank 

guarantee should be submitted along with the invoice after successful installation. The Bank 

Guarantee shall remain valid for the period of 37 months from the date of installation. The PBG 

must be negotiable at a branch of issuing bank in India. The PBG from Indian representative is 

acceptable. In case of no warranty claims towards the item under warranty, the PBG will be 

returned on completion of warranty period. 

 

5. Completeness Responsibility 
 

Notwithstanding the scope of work, engineering, supply and services stated in bid document, any 

equipment or material, engineering or technical services which might not be even specifically 

mentioned under the scope of supply of the bidder and which are not expressly excluded there 

from but which – in view of the bidder - are necessary for the performance of the equipment in 

accordance with the specifications are treated to be included in the bid and has to be performed 

by bidder. The items which are over & above the scope of supply specified in the Schedule of 

Requirements may be marked as “Optional Items”. 

 

6. Warranty 
 

The Supplier warrants that all the Goods are new, unused, and of the most recent or current 

models, and that they incorporate all recent improvements in design and materials, unless 

provided otherwise in the Contract. The supplier further warrants that all Goods supplied under 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 13 of 26  

this contract shall have no defect arising from design, materials or workmanship (except when the 

design and/or material is required by the Purchaser’s specifications) or from any act or omission of 

the supplier. The warranty should be comprehensive on site, repair/replacement basis free of cost. 

 

All the equipment’s and components supplied must have 03 (Three) years onsite comprehensive 

warranty with 24x7 support along with 4 hours’ response time and resolution time  within  48 hrs. 

from the time of call logging covering all parts & labour starting from the date after the successful 

installation, during the warranty period, Bidder will have to undertake comprehensive 

maintenance of the entire hardware components, equipment, support and accessories supplied 

by the Bidder at the place of installation of the equipment. 

 

The defects, if any, during the guarantee/warranty period are to be rectified free of charge by 

arranging free replacement wherever necessary.  

 

Goods requiring warranty replacements must be replaced on free of cost basis. 

 

Collecting of faulty Hardware from onsite and provisioning the replacement of Hardware under 

warranty at onsite shall be the responsibility of the supplier. 

 

CDAC reserves the right to invoke the Performance Bank Guarantee submitted by bidder, in case 

of the following: 

 

a. Supplied Hardware & Software components fail to achieve the performance as stipulated in 
this document. 

 

b. The bidder fails to provide the warranty and other services in scheduled time frame, as 
stipulated in this document, penalty clauses mentioned under point 9 of this tender shall be 

applicable. 

 

7. Payments 
 

Payment by NEFT – 90% after Delivery and installation and acceptance by CDAC within 30 Days and 

10% against Performance Bank Guarantee for Warranty period. 

    

8. Bill to/ Ship to:  
 
  Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) 

           Innovation Park, Pashan, Pune 411 008, Maharashtra, INDIA 

 
9. Penalty for delayed Delivery: 

 

C-DAC reserves the right to levy penalty @ of 0.5 % of order value per week of delay beyond the 

scheduled deliveries Within 06 weeks- as mentioned in this tender doc.) / execution of the order 

successfully, subject to maximum of 05 % of the order value. 

 

C-DAC reserves the right to cancel the order in case the delay is more than 06 weeks. 

 

The delay in delivery and/or installation not attributed to supplier viz. delay in site preparation, delay 

in submission of required documents (by C-DAC) etc. and the conditions arising out of Force Majeure 

will not be considered for the purpose of calculating penalties. 

  

  



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 14 of 26  

  

10. Jurisdiction 
 

The disputes, legal matters, court matters, if any shall be subject to Pune jurisdiction only. 

 

11. Force Majeure 
 

C-DAC may consider relaxing the penalty and delivery requirements, as specified in this document, 

if and to the extent that, the delay in performance or other failure to perform its obligations under 

the contract is the result of an Force Majeure. Force Majeure is defined as an event of effect that 

cannot reasonably be anticipated such as acts of God (like earthquakes, floods, storms etc.), acts 

of states / state agencies, the direct and indirect consequences of wars (declared or undeclared), 

hostilities, national emergencies, civil commotion and strikes at successful Bidder’s premises or any 

other act beyond control of the bidder. 

 

12. Arbitration 

All disputes/clams of any kind arising out of supply, commissioning, acceptance, warranty 

maintenance etc. under this Contract, shall be referred by either party (C-DAC or the bidder) after 

issuance of 30 days’ notice in writing to the other party clearly mentioning the nature of dispute to 

the Sole Arbitrator appointed by C-DAC. The venue for arbitration shall be specified in the purchase 

order/agreement. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducting in English and as per the provisions 

of Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be final and 

binding on both the parties. 

 

13. Risk and Ownership 

Upon 80% of payment, C-DAC shall become owners of goods ordered but all risks, 

responsibilities; liabilities thereof in all goods shall remain with selected bidder till delivery of all 

goods to all end users. Part deliveries shall not be treated as deliveries. Only full deliveries of all items 

ordered will be considered as delivery. 

 

14. Indemnity 

Selected bidder shall save, indemnify and hold harmless C-DAC from any third- p a r t y  Govt. 

Claims, losses penalties, if any, arising in connection with this Contract. 

 

15. Assignment 

Selected bidder/ Party shall not assign, delegate or otherwise deal with any of its rights or 

obligation under this Contract without prior written permission of C-DAC. 

 

16. Severability: 

If any provision of this Contract is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, it will be deemed to 

be modified to the minimum extent necessary to be valid and enforceable. If it cannot be so modified, 

it will be deleted and the deletion will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. 

 

(END OF SECTION III) 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 15 of 26 

 

 

 

Section – IV: Schedule of Requirements 

 

                                                                                           Section A 

                                                                   Hardware and associated software specification  

 

Annexure – 01 
 

Server: Compute Nodes - 2U Rack Mountable Server – Qty - 02 Nos 

Item Description of Requirement 

Server Compute Nodes - 2U Rack Mountable Server  

CPU 2 x Intel Xeon E5-2699v4 (22c @ 2.2GHz) CPUs or Higher Processor  

Memory Should be configured with 384GB DDR4 @ 2400 MHz  

DIMM slots The offered Server should be with 24 numbers of DIMM slots. 

Memory Protection Advanced ECC with multi-bit error protection  

HDD Bays Internal hard drive bay and hot-plug backplane: 
Up to 16 x 2.5” HDD: SAS, SATA, near line SAS SSD: SAS, SATA  

Hard disk drive   Should be configured with 3 x 600GB SAS 10k  

Optical drive Bay One internal DVD-RW to be offered 

Controller PCIe 3.0 based 12Gb/s SAS Raid Controller with RAID 0/1/1+0/5/6/10 support. 

The offered Controller should be with 2GB cache (on-board or in a PCI Express 

slot) 

1G Networking 

features 
4 x 1 Gbps  Copper Ethernet with Additional Dedicated Mgmt. Ethernet interface 

port with 3 mts. Length factory crimped copper Ethernet  patch cords for each 

port including mgmt. port 

10G Networking 

features 
4 x 10G Copper Ethernet ports with 3 mts. length 10G factory crimped copper 

Ethernet patch cords for each port 

FC HBA Dual port 16 Gbps FC HBA with two no. of each 3 mts. FC patch cables, Quoted 
HBA should support quoted SAN Switch and Storage 

Interfaces USB 3.0 support with 2 rear, 1 front, 2 internal USB ports 

Bus Slots Three PCI-Express 3.0 slots, at least two x16 slots 

Power Supply Redundant platinum grade Power Supplies 

Fans Redundant hot-plug system fans 

Graphics Integrated graphics controller   

Monitor LED-backlit monitor - 28.8", Native Resolution 2560 x 1080 at 60 Hz, Full HD, Ultra-

wide. Indian standard power supply. 

Industry Standard 

Compliance 

ACPI 2.0b Compliant; PCIe 3.0 Compliant; PXE Support; WOL Support; 

Microsoft® Logo certifications; USB 3.0 Support; Energy Star. 

Embedded system 

management 
Should support monitoring ongoing management, service alerting, reporting and 

remote management with embedded dedicated Gigabit out of band 

management port.  
Server should support configuring and booting securely with industry standard 

Unified Extensible Firmware. 

System should support RESTful API integration. System should support 

embedded remote support to transmit hardware events directly to OEM or an 

authorized partner for automated phone support. 

Management Ethernet port should be separate and not part of Data ports 

mentioned under 1G and 10G networking features. 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 16 of 26 

 

 

Operating Systems 

and Virtualization 

Software Support 

Microsoft Windows Server; Canonical Ubuntu ; Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL); 

SUSE Linux Enterprise  Server (SLES) ; VMware ;Citrix XenServer 

Warranty & support Server Warranty (Hardware) includes with 3-year comprehensive warranty with 

no additional cost to C-DAC for change, replacement of parts, labour, 

consumable, shipment, insurance etc. 24x7 support with 4 hours of response time 

& 48-hour resolution time. 

Remote Management 1. System remote management should support browser based graphical remote 
console along with Virtual Power button, remote media management using 

USB/CD/DVD Drive. It should be capable of offering upgrade of software and 

patches from a remote client using Media/image/folder 
2. Server should have dedicated 1Gbps remote management port.   

3. Server should support agentless management using the out-of-band remote 

management port. 

4. The server should support monitoring and recording changes in the server 

hardware and system configuration. It assists in diagnosing problems and 

delivering rapid resolution when system failures occur. 

5. Should provide remote firmware update functionality. 

Server Management The Systems Management software should provide Role-based security  

Should help provide proactive notification of actual or impending component 

failure alerts on critical components like CPU, Memory and HDD. Should support 

automatic event handling that allows configuring policies to notify failures via e-

mail etc. 

Supply should include IPMI\ILO\Remote Management capabilities with relevant 

advanced licences. 

Management software should support integration with popular virtualization 

platform management software like VCenter, SCVMM and Red Hat RHEV. 

. 

 

Acceptance Criteria 

 
1. All supplied Hardware should go through POST, Servers should undergo extensive memory test for at least 24 

hrs. 

2. Supplied Servers should able to access Dell Storage SC7020 seamlessly through supplied SAN and ISCSI 

networks. 

3. Vendors has to configure the Servers and integrate the servers with VMware VIO Cloud infrastructure which 

is running on end- to-end solutions from DELL OEM. 

4. Quoted servers should be work with VMware VIO Cloud stack. 

5. Vendor has to separately quote for Part-A and Part-B as mention in Annexure- 02, software component part. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 17 of 26 

 

 

                                                                                    Section B 

                                                                          Software Component 

Annexure – 02 

 
Software: VMware and Monitoring -- Qty -01 licensing  

Item VMware Software Component  
 

Part -A 
VMWare vSphere Enterprise Plus socket based License [Total 4 sockets (2 nodes)] with 3-year 

comprehensive warranty with no additional cost to C-DAC for change, shipment etc. Standard 

support for 3 years  

 
 
 
 
 

Part -B 

Monitoring software for cloud 

Monitoring software for 10 nodes (20 sockets Total) licensing required. )] Software to be 

installed on single socket - with 3-year comprehensive warranty with no additional cost to     

C-DAC for change, shipment etc. Standard support for 3 years 

1- Specification - Solution should be able to allow multiple users to 

simultaneously access monitoring and reporting interfaces. 

2- Solution should be able to collect data agentlessly from hosts, management 

servers and failover clusters. 

3- Solution supports VMware and Hyper-V 

4- Solution should be able to monitor and report on one or more vCenter 

Servers,  

5- Solution is able to monitor and report on one or more standalone Hyper-V 

hosts, more Failover Clusters, including specific alarms, reports and charts for 

Cluster Shared Volumes (CSVs). 

6- Solution should support comprehensive, single-product licensing that can be 

easily tracked and managed, e.g. on a per-socket basis. 

7- Solution should deploy quickly and without the use of professional services. 

Solution should include out-of-the-box features, like automatically triggered 

data collection, prebuilt alarms, and predefined dashboards and reports that 

allow users to begin monitoring and reporting immediately after installation. 

8- Solution's database can be located on either a local or remote database 

server. 

9- Solution initiates and manages performance data collection automatically 

upon deployment. 

10- Solution retains historical performance data for up to 3 years. 

11- Solution collects data on an interval that allows users to monitor all major 

performance metrics in real-time. 

12- Solution should support alarms with default notification actions for all virtual 

infrastructure objects. 

13- Solution should offer reports covering all aspects of the virtual environment - 

including VM availability (uptime), trend analysis, resource utilization, 

infrastructure documentation and management, and change tracking - for 

every object in the virtual infrastructure. 

14- Solution should present monitoring and reporting data from both technical- 

and business-oriented perspectives. Business-oriented views are based on 

user-defined criteria and can include categorizations such as organizational 

structure, location, SLA, department, etc. 

15- Solution should provide at-a-glance views of health and performance. 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 18 of 26 

 

 

16- Solution should monitors Datastore utilization and storage clusters 

17- Solution should provide built-in alerts for issuing alarms if virtual disks grow 

beyond configured, over-provisioned limits. 

18- Solution should monitor Datastore I/O counters for keeping tabs on 

performance issues, such as latency and read and write speeds. 

19- Solution should collects data on hardware sensors to provide a single interface 

for monitoring the physical status of ventilation, enclosure, power and other 

subsystems. 

20- Solution should optionally restrict access to monitoring views on a read-only 

basis. 

21- Solution should overlay event data on performance graphs for viewing the 

effect of events on utilization and trends. 

22- Solution should provide visual status indicators on parent objects for at-a-

glance notification of potential problems with underlying objects. 

 

 

Support Matrix:  
 

1. Support/warranty for All Items (Software & Hardware) will be Onsite Support & it  should provide by same 

OEM (Hardware Supplier)  

2. All Hardware should 03 years’ warranty  

3. All Software should have 03 years’ warranty and standard support.  

4. All quoted licenses should be of perpetual 

5. The OEM should have established support centre in India and details of the same to be furnished with the bid 

with Sales and support office in Pune. Should have support telephone e-Mail facilities and share the escalation 

matrix.   

6. The implementation of the project is to be done by Bidder. 

7. Bidder should provide single point of contact for execution of this project. Should also provide call login 

mechanism through phone, e-Mail and escalation matrix. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 19 of 26 

 

 

PRICE BID FORMAT (Section A) 
 

Server + VMWare Software 

 

Sr. No 
 

Name and Specification 

of the Item 

 

Make / 

Model No / 

Part No 

Unit 

Cost  in 

INR 

 
Qty. 

GST 

applicable 

(%) 

Other 

levies 

applicable 

(%) 

Total 

Cost in  

IN R  

 Section A       

1.  

Server: Compute Nodes – 

2U Rack Mountable  

Server 

  02    

2.  

Any Hardware / software /

cables Etc. needed to 

complete the solution has to 

include 

      

 Other Charges (if applicable) In INR Only.    

 
Total Section A   (F.O.R. C-DAC, Pune)     

 

 

PRICE BID FORMAT (Section B) 
 

 Server + VMWare Software 

 

Sr. 

No 

 

Name and Specification 

of the Item 

 

Make / 

Model No / 

Part No 

Unit 

Cost  in 

INR 

 
Qty. 

GST 

applicable 

(%) 

Other 

levies 

applicabl

e (%) 

Total 

Cost in  

IN R  

 Section - B       

Part - A 

1 VMware VSphere ESXi 

server (2 nodes ) 

  01     

Part - B 

1 Monitoring software for 

cloud 

  01    

 Total Section B (F.O.R.  

C-DAC, Pune)     

      

Grand Total Price under Section C (Section A + Section B) (F.O.R.  CDAC Pune)  

Note – 

1. Commercial bids must be offered in the format above. 

2. The applicable exact rates of Taxes will be added as per above columns. 

3. In case of any mistake or error in calculations or any discrepancy in price quoted in word and figures, the 
LOWEST amount will be considered for comparison. If this lowest price is not acceptable to the bidder, 

their bid will be rejected. In this case, C-DAC reserves the right to forfeit their EMD. 

4. L1 is calculated based on the Grand total price under Section C = (Section A + Section B) 

5. C-DAC reserves the right to place part orders.



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 20 of 26 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To, 

ANNEXURE A - PROFORMA OF BANK GUARANTEE 

(on non-judicial paper of appropriate value) 

 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing 

Innovation Park, Panchvati, Pashan, 

Pune 411 008. 

 

BANKS GUARANTEE NO: 

DATE: 

Dear Sir(S) 

This has reference to the Purchase Order No. Dated  been placed by Centre for 

Development of Advanced Computing(C-DAC), Pune on M/s   (Name & Address of Bidder) 

for supply, installation, commissioning and warranty of  (description of items) at client’s site. 

The conditions of this order provide that the Bidder shall, 

1. Arrange to deliver the items listed in the said order to the consignee, as per details given in said 
order, and 

2. Arrange to install and commission the items listed in said order at client’s site, to the entire 
satisfaction of C-DAC  and 

3. Arrange for the comprehensive warranty service support towards the items supplied by Bidder on 
site as per the warranty clause in said purchase order. 

M/s (Name of bidder) has accepted the said purchase order with the terms and conditions stipulated 

therein and have agreed to issue the performance bank guarantee on their part, towards promises and 

assurance of their contractual obligations vide the Supply Order No. M/s. (name of 

vendor) holds an account with us and has approached us and at their request and in consideration of the 

promises, we hereby furnish such guarantees as mentioned hereinafter. 

C-D DAC shall be at liberty without reference to the Bank and without affecting the full liability of the Bank 
hereunder to take any other undertaking of   security in respect of the suppliers obligations and  / or 

liabilities under or in connection with the said contract or to vary the terms vis-a – vis the supplier or the 

said contract or to grant time and or indulgence to the supplier or to reduce or to increase or otherwise 

vary the prices or the total contract value or to forebear from enforcement of all or any of the obligations 

of the supplier under the said contract and/or the remedies of C-DAC under any security now, or hereafter 

held by C-DAC and no such dealing(s) with the supplier or release or forbearance whatsoever shall have the 

effect of releasing the bank from its full liability of C-DAC hereunder or of prejudicing right of C-DAC against 

the bank. 

This undertaking guarantee shall be a continuing undertaking guarantee and shall remain valid and 

irrevocable for all claims of C-DAC and liabilities of the supplier arising up to and until (date) 

This undertaking guarantee shall be in addition to any other undertaking or guarantee or security 

whatsoever the that C-DAC may now or at any time have in relation to its claims or the supplier’s 

obligations/liabilities under and / or in connection with the said contract and C-DAC shall have the full 

authority to take recourse to or enforce this undertaking guarantee in preference to the other undertaking 

or security (ies) at its sole discretion and no failure on the part of C-DAC in enforcing or requiring 

enforcement of any other undertaking or security shall have the effect of releasing the bank from its full 

liability hereunder. 

We (Name of Bank) hereby agree and irrevocably undertake and promise 

that if in your (C-DAC’s)  opinion any default is made by M/s (Name of bidder) in performing 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 21 of 26 

 

 

 

any of the terms and /or conditions of the agreement or if in your opinion they commit any breach of the 

contract or there is any demand by you against M/s (Name of bidder), then on notice to us by 

you, we shall on demand and without demur and without reference to M/s (Name of bidder), 

pay  you,  in  any  manner  in  which  you  may  direct,  the  amount  of  Rs.  /- ( Rupees 

  Only ) or  such portion  thereof as may be demanded  by you  not 

exceeding the said sum and as you may from time to time require. Our liability to pay is not dependent or 

conditional on your proceeding against M/s (Name of b i d d e r ) and we shall be liable 

& obligated to pay the aforesaid amount as and when demanded by you merely on an intimation being given 

by you and even before any legal proceedings, if any, are taken against M/s (Name of 

b i d d e r ) 

The Bank hereby waives all rights at any time inconsistent with the terms of this undertaking guarantee and 

the obligations of the bank in terms hereof shall not be anywise affected or suspended by reason of any 

dispute or disputes having been raised by the supplier (whether or not pending before any arbitrator, 

Tribunal or Court) or any denial of liability by the supplier or any order or any order or communication 

whatsoever by the supplier stopping or preventing or purporting to stop or prevent payment by the Bank 

to C-DAC hereunder. 

The amount stated in any notice of demand addressed by C-DAC to the Bank as claimed by C-DAC from the 

supplier or as suffered or incurred by C-DAC on the account of any losses or damages or costs, charges 

and/or expenses shall as between the Bank and C-DAC be conclusive of the amount so claimed or liable to 

be paid to C-DAC or suffered or incurred by C-DAC, as the case may be and payable by the Bank to C-DAC in 

terms hereof. 

You (C-DAC’s) shall full liberty without reference to us and without affecting this guarantee, postpone for 

any time or from time to time the exercise of any of the powers and rights conferred on you under the 

contact with the said M/s (Name of bidder) and to enforce or to forbear from endorsing 

any power or rights or by reason of time being given to the said M/s (name of bidder) 

which under law relating to the sureties would but for the provisions have the effect of releasing us. 

You will have full liberty without reference to us and without affecting this guarantee, postpone for any 

time or from time to time the exercise of any of the powers and rights conferred on you under the contract 

with the said M/s (Name of bidder) and to enforce or to forbear from endorsing any power or 

rights or by reason of time being given  to the said  M/s (Name of bidder) which under law 

relating to the sureties would but for the provisions have the effect of releasing us. 

Your right to recover the said sum of Rs. _/- (Rupees only) 

from us in manner aforesaid will not be affected/ or suspended by reason of the fact that any dispute or 

disputes have been raised the said M/s  (Name of b i d d e r ) and/ or that any dispute or 

disputes are pending before any officer, tribunal or court or Arbitrator. 

The guarantee herein contained shall not be determined or affected by the liquidation or winding up, 

dissolution or change of constitution or insolvency of the said M/s (Name of bidder) but shall in 

all respects and for all purposes be binding and operative until payment of all dues to C-DAC in respect of 

such liability or liabilities. 

Our      liability      under      this      guarantee      is      restricted      to       Rs. /-      (Rupees 

  Only). Our guarantee shall remain in force until unless a suit action to enforce a 

claim under guarantee is filed against us within six months from (which is date of expiry of guarantee) all 

your rights under the said guarantee shall be forfeited and we shall be relieved and discharged from all 

liabilities there under. 

We have power to issue this guarantee in your favour under Memorandum and Articles of Association of 

our Bank and the undersigned has full power to do under the power of Attorney dated. 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 22 of 26 

 

 

 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein: 

A. Our liability under this guarantee shall not exceed Rs (in words) 

B. This bank guarantee shall be valid up to & unless a suit for action to enforce a claim under 
guarantee is filed against us within six months from the date of expiry of guarantee. All your rights 

under the said guarantee shall be forfeited and we shall be relieved and discharged from all 

liabilities there after i.e. after six months from the date of expiry of this Bank guarantee 

C. We are liable to pay the guaranteed amount or any parts thereof under this bank guarantee only 
and only if you serve upon us a written claim or demand or before    

D. The Bank guarantee will expire on (Min 37 months from the date of successful installations of the 
items in the order)    

 
 

Granted by the Bank 

Yours faithfully, 

For (Name of Bank) 
 

SEAL OF THE BANK  
Authorised Signatory 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 23 of 26 

 

 

 

ANNEXURE B – Undertaking by Principal Manufacturer(s) 

(To be submitted in Original on Letterhead) 

 

Date: 

The Director General, 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing 

Innovation Park, Panchvati, Pashan, 

Pune 411 008. 

Subject: Undertaking by Principal Manufacturer against tender no. –  

                CDAC-IP/Server+VMWare/2018/228, dated 17/05/2018 for Supply, Installation &  

               Commissioning of Server: Compute Nodes- 2U Rack Mountable Server and VMWare Software. 

 

Dear Sir, 

We, M/s (Name     of     the     manufacturer)     having     registered     office     at    

   (address  of  the  manufacturer)  by  virtue  of  being  manufacturer  for

 (Name of the product/s), hereby authorise M/s (Name of the 

bidder) having their office at (Address  of  bidder) to submit quote, supply, install  and  

provide  after sales  support  for our  range of  products quoted by them to meet the above mentioned 

tender requirements. 

 

M/s (Name of the manufacturer) within the scope of requirement as per the tender 

mentioned above undertake to provide technical & other support towards fulfilling the requirements of 

installation, commissioning, benchmarking, acceptance criteria and product warranty services of Server + 

VMWare Software to be supplied and installed at C-DAC, Pune by our authorised representative M/s. 

(Name of bidder) against said tender. 

 

The undersigned is authorised to issue such authorisation on behalf of M/s (Name of the 

manufacturer). 

 

For M/s (Name of the manufacturer) 

 

Signature & company seal 

Name 

Designation 

Email 

Mobile No. 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 24 of 26 

 

 

 

 

ANNEXURE C: TENDER ACCEPTANCE LETTER 
 

 

 
To: 

(To be submitted on Company Letter Head).  
Date: 

Centre for Development of Advanced Computing 

Innovation Park, Panchvati, Pashan, 

Pune 411 008. 

 

SUB: Acceptance of Terms & Conditions of Tender. 

 

Tender Reference No: CDAC-IP/Server+VMWare/2018/228 

Name of Tender / Work: Supply, Installation & Commissioning of Server: Compute Nodes- 2U Rack  

                                              Mountable Server and VMWare Software. 

 

Dear Sir, 

 

1. I / We have downloaded / obtained the tender document(s) for the above mentioned `Tender/Work’ 

from the web site(s) namely: www.cdac.in / www.eprocure.gov.in etc.; as per your NIT / advertisement, 

given in the above-mentioned website(s). 

2. I / We hereby certify that I / We have read the entire terms and conditions of the tender documents 

from Page No.1 to 26  (including all documents like annexure(s), schedules(s), etc.), which form part of 

the contract agreement and I / We shall abide hereby by the terms / conditions/ clauses contained 

therein. 

3. The corrigendum(s) issued from time to time by your department / organization too has also been 

taken into consideration, while submitting this acceptance letter. 

4. I / We hereby unconditionally accept the tender conditions of above mentioned tender document(S) / 

corrigendum(s) in its totality / entirety. 

5. I / We do hereby declare that our Firm has not been blacklisted / debarred by any Govt. 

Department/Public sector undertaking. 

6. I / We certify that all information furnished by our Firm is true & correct and in the event that the 

information is found to be incorrect/untrue or found violated, then your department/ organization 

shall without giving any notice or reason therefore or summarily reject the bid or terminate the 

contract, without prejudice to any other rights or remedy including the forfeiture of the fully said 

earnest money deposit absolutely. 

 

Yours Faithfully, 

 

 

 

Authorized Signatory. 

(Signature of the Bidder, with Official Seal) 

Email id for correspondence. 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 25 of 26 

 

 

 

 

 
 Summary Information Sheet  

Tender No.: CDAC-IP/Server+VMWare/2018/228 

Sr. No. Information heading Details 

 
1 

 

Name of the Vendor 
 

 

2 

Name of the person(s) to whom, all 

references shall be made, regarding this 

TENDER/PROJECT (Authorized 

Signatory) 

 

 

 
3 

 

 
Address of the Contact Person 

 

4 Designation of the Contact Person  

5 
Telephone n u m b e r (s) o f  t h e  

C o n t a c t  Person. 

 

6 Mobile number of the Contact Person 
 

 

7 
 

Fax number of the Contact Person 
 

 
8 

 
Email ID(s) of the Contact Person 

 

 
9 

Annual Turnover (in Lakhs): Last three 

Years (In INR) 

1 

2 

3 

10 Years of Operation (in Years):  

11 PAN Number  

12 GST  Registration Number 
 



Supply & Installation of Server + VMWare Software 
 

Page 26 of 26 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Annexure – D 

 

 

Authority Letter 

 
 

AUTHORIZATION 

 

 

We (name of the bidder) hereby authorise Shri / Smt. (name of the authorised person) to sign and 

submit the bid to Centre for Development of Advanced Computing against their tender No CDAC-

IP/Server+VMWare/2018/228. Shri / Smt.  - (name)  __________  is also authorised to negotiate 

the terms and conditions pertaining to the said tender on behalf of M/s (name of bidder). The 

specimen signature of Shri / Smt. (name) is appended below. 

 

 

 

Specimen Signature: 

Name: 

 

 

 

The undersigned is authorised to delegate the authority on behalf of M/s (name of bidder), 

as stipulated above 

 

 

 

For (name of bidder) 

 

 

Signature & company seal 

Name 

Designation 

Email 

Mobile No. 


