





















































Page 1 of 80 

 
 
 

NATIONALHIGHWAYSAUTHORITYOFINDIA 
(PLANNING & INFORMATION SYSTEMSDIVISION) 

G-5&6, SECTOR-10, DWARKA, NEW DELHI-110 075 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Securityand Wi-Fi 
systems 

 
 

 
 
 
 

TENDER DOCUMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
E-Tender No./ RFP No. NHAI/11013/IT/WI-FI/2017 

 
 
 
 

 



Page 2 of 80 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 

 PARTICULARS PAGE NO. 

PART – I: INFORMATION ABOUT THE TENDER 

SECTION I Notice Inviting Tenders 4 

 Disclaimer 6 

SECTION II Schedule of Important Events 7 

SECTION III Information to Bidders 8 

SECTION IV Terms of Reference (TOR) 22 

SECTION V Preference to domestically manufactured electronic 
products in Government procurement 

46 

PART – II : FORMS FOR SUBMISSION OF BIDS  

SECTION VI Forms for submission of Technical Bid 49 

SECTION VII Forms for submission of Financial Bid 62 

PART – III : FORMAT OF CONTRACT 

SECTION VIII Format of Contract 69 

 
 

 
  



Page 3 of 80 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

PART-I 
 
 
 
 

INFORMATION ABOUT  
THE TENDER 



Page 4 of 80 

SECTION – I 
 

E-Tender No./ RFP No. NHAI/11013/IT/WI-FI/2017 Dated: 19 JUNE 2017 
NATIONALHIGHWAYSAUTHORITYOFINDIA 

PLANNING & INFORMATION SYSTEMSDIVISION 
G-5 & 6, Sector-10, Dwarka, New Delhi-110 075 

 
NOTICE INVITING TENDERS 

(THROUGH E-TENDERING MODE ONLY) 
 
1. Online tenders are invited for Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, 

Server, Storage, Security and Wi-Fi systemsat NHAI HQ along with Warranty for 3 years. 
("Project").  
 

2. The scope of work broadly comprises of upgradation of networking, IP telephony, security 
equipment/ software and solution, servers, operating system,storage solution, cabling and 
AMC of Existing Components. The Bidder after successful installation of supplied 
equipment’sat NHAI Offices and needs to provide comprehensive onsite warranty for a 
period of 3 years.Detailed scope of work, eligibility criteria, bidding procedure, conditions of 
contract and other information relating to the contract are given in the tender document. 
 

3. The estimated cost of the Project for the contract period isRs. 8.5 Cr plus taxes/GST as 
applicable (tentative) 

 
4. Bidder(s) have to pay (a) the Tender Application Fee (non-refundable); and (b) Bid 

Security, in the prescribed manner.    
 
5. ACCESSING/PURCHASING OF BID DOCUMENTS:  

 
(i) It is mandatory for all the Applicants to have class-III digital signature 

certificate (with both Signing and encryption certificate) (in the name of 
person who will sign the Application) from any of the licensed Certifying 
Agency (“CAs”) [Applicants can see the list of licensed CAs from the link 
www.cca.gov.in] to participate in e-tendering of NHAI. The Authorized 
Signatory holding Power of Attorney shall only be the Digital Signatory. In 
case authorized signatory holding Power of Attorney and Digital Signatory 
are not the same, the bid shall be considered non-responsive.  
 

(ii) To participate in the submission of the bid against the RFP, it is mandatory 
for the Applicants to get themselves registered with the NHAI’s e-tender 
portal and to have user ID & password.   
 

(iii) Following may be noted- (a) Registration should be valid at least up to the 
date of submission of Bid. (b) Bids can be submitted only during the validity 
of registration with the NHAI’s e-tender portal. (c) The 
amendments/clarifications to the RFP, if any, will be hosted on the NHAI’s 
website as well as e-tender portal. (d) If the applicant is already registered 
with e-tendering portal of NHAI and validity of registration has not expired, 
the applicant is not required to register afresh.  
 

(iv) For Help, please contact e-tendering Cell and Help Desk Support. Support 
staff at E-Tendering Help desk shall be available on all week days 
(Monday to Friday) from 09:30 AM to 6:00 PM except on Gazetted 
Holidays.  Details may be seen on the NHAI website.    

 



Page 5 of 80 

(v) The authorized signatory holding Power of Attorney shall only be 
the Digital Signatory, In case authorized signatory holding Power of 
Attorney and Digital Signatory are not the same, the bid shall be 
considered non-responsive. 
 

(vi) NHAI reserves the right to accept or reject any or all the proposals 
without assigning any reason whatsoever. 



Page 6 of 80 

Disclaimer   
 

The information contained in this RFP document (the “RFP document”) or subsequently provided to 
Bidder(s), whether verbally or in documentary or any other form by or on behalf of NHAI or any of 
its employees or advisors, is provided to Bidder(s) on the terms and conditions set out in this RFP 
document and such other terms and conditions subject to which such information is provided.   
This RFP document is not an agreement and is neither an offer nor invitation by NHAI to the 
prospective Bidders or any other person. The purpose of this RFP document is to provide 
interested parties with information that may be useful to them in making their technical/ financial 
offers (“Bid(s)”) pursuant to this RFP document. This RFP document includes statements, which 
reflect various assumptions and assessments arrived at by NHAI in relation to the Project. Such 
assumptions, assessments, and statements do not purport to contain all the information that each 
Bidder may require. This RFP document may not be appropriate for all persons, and it is not 
possible for NHAI, its employees or advisors to consider the investment objectives, financial 
situation, and particular needs of each party who reads or uses this RFP document. The 
assumptions, assessments, statements and information contained in this RFP document, may not 
be complete, accurate, adequate or correct. Each Bidder should, therefore, conduct its own 
investigations and analysis and should check the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, reliability, and 
completeness of the assumptions, assessments, statements, and information contained in this RFP 
document and obtain independent advice from appropriate sources.   
Information provided in this RFP document to the Bidder(s) is on a wide range of matters, some of 
which may depend upon interpretation of law. The information given is not intended to be an 
exhaustive account of statutory requirements and should not be regarded as a complete or 
authoritative statement of law. NHAI accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise for any 
interpretation or opinion on law expressed herein.   
NHAI, its employees and advisors make no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to 
any person, including any applicant or Bidder under any law, statute, rules or regulations or tort, 
principles of restitution or unjust enrichment or otherwise for any loss, damages, cost or expense 
which may arise from or be incurred or suffered on account of anything contained in this RFP 
document or otherwise, including the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, completeness or reliability 
of the RFP document and any assessment, assumption, statement or information contained therein 
or deemed to form part of this RFP document or arising in any way for participation in this Bid.   
NHAI also accepts no liability of any nature whether resulting from negligence or otherwise 
howsoever caused arising from reliance of any Bidder upon the statements contained in this RFP 
document. NHAI may in its absolute discretion, but without being under any obligation to do so, 
update, amend, or supplement the information, assessment or assumptions contained in this RFP 
document.   
The issue of this RFP document does not imply that NHAI is bound to select a Bidder or to appoint 
the Successful Bidder for the Project and NHAI reserves the right to reject all or any of the Bidders 
or Bids without assigning any reason whatsoever.   
The Bidder shall bear all their costs associated with or relating to the preparation and submission of 
their Bid including but not limited to preparation, copying, postage, delivery fees, expenses 
associated with any demonstrations or presentations which may be required by NHAI or any other 
costs incurred in connection with or relating to Bid. All such costs and expenses will remain with the 
Bidder and NHAI shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for the same or for any other costs 
or other expenses incurred by a Bidder in preparation or submission of the Bid, regardless of the 
conduct or outcome of the bidding process.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Page 7 of 80 

 
 

SECTION – II 
 

SCHEDULE OF IMPORTANT EVENTS 
 

Sl. 
No. 

EVENT(S) DATE/ TIME  (Unless otherwise notified 
separately) 

1.  Publication of Notice Inviting Tenders 19 JUNE 2017 (Monday)  

2.  Raising Queries on the Bid  1800Hrs(6pm),27 JUNE 2017 (Tuesday) 

3.  Pre Bid Meeting 11:30AM on 30 JUNE 2017 (Friday) in NHAI 
HQ 

4.  Reply to the queries 07 JULY 2017 (Friday) 

5.  Last date for submission of online 
tenders and physical submission 

Before 11:00Hrs  31 JULY 2017(Monday) 

6.  Online Opening of Technical Tenders  11: 30 hrs, 01 AUGUST2017 (Tuesday) 

7.  Online Opening of Financial Bids  To be intimated to successful pre-qualified 
Bidders 

8.  Announcement of Successful Bidder 
and issuance of Letter of Award (LOA) 

Normally within 4 weeks of date of opening of 
Financial Bids 

9.  Successful Bidder to furnish 
acceptance along-with Performance 
Bank Guarantee (PBG)  

Within 15 working days from the issuance of 
LOA 

10. Signing of Contract Normally within 2-3 weeks from the acceptance 
of LOA and submission of PBG by the 
Successful Bidder. 

 
   

NOTE : The above-mentioned schedule of event(s) may be changed, at the discretion of 
NHAI, without assigning any reason. Such change of date(s), if any, will be suitably 
notified only through NHAI’s e-tendering portal. Interested persons/ prospective 
Bidders are advised to periodically monitor the information relating to this tender on 
the NHAI’s e-tendering portaland e-tender portal. 

 
  



Page 8 of 80 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SECTION – III 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
INFORMATION TO BIDDERS 

 
 



 

Page 9 of 80 

1. BACKGROUND AND REQUIREMENT 
 

1.1. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) was constituted by an Act of Parliament, the 
National Highways Authority of India Act, 1988. It is responsible for the development, 
maintenance and management of National Highways entrusted to it and for matters connected or 
incidental thereto. 

 
1.2. The Head Office at Dwarka, New Delhi already has a Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area 

Network (WAN) providing Data and IP Telephony connectivity to its users. NHAI also has co-
located some of its Application Servers at the Internet Data Center (IDC)/ NHAI offices in Delhi/ 
NCR.  

 
1.3. Considering the next stage of services to be offered at Toll plaza and Regional offices which will 

be now connected to the HQ bringing lot of Video, voice and surveillance traffic which needs the 
overall up gradation of the network 
 

1.4. The Headquarters of NHAI is located at Dwarka, New Delhi. NHAI also has Field Offices viz. 
Project Implementation Units (PIUs) and Toll Plazas which are spread all over the country. 
Among these Field Offices, PIUs are responsible for implementing a work plan on a particular 
stretch of roads on National Highways; Corridor Management Units (CMUs) maintain a particular 
stretch of completed roads and Toll Plazas are responsible for collecting the Toll. This network 
will also be connected to all these locations for various mission critical services like Video 
Surveillance at Tolls 

 
1.5. The System Integrator would be expected to provide “Supply, Installation and Commissioning of 

Networking, Server, Storage, Security and Wi-Fi systems” at NHAI HQ along with Onsite 
Warranty for 3 years. Such support would be for a definite period and will not amount to any kind 
of employment obligation on the part of NHAI. 

 
1.6. Bidders are advised to carefully go through the detailed Terms of Reference (TOR) containing 

scope of work, details of existing system, specifications, service window, performance standard 
etc. as well as conditions of the Contract to get them acquainted with the job requirements and 
their cost implications before taking part in the bidding process. 

 
1.7. The Contract period will be for a period of three(3) years as the bidder has to provide on-site 

warranty support. (“Contract Period”).  
  



 

Page 10 of 80 

2. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: 
 

The Criteria for selection of the System Integrator shall be as under. All criteria mentioned need 
to be complied by the Bidder. Any Bidder, not meeting any of the criteria shall be treated as non-
responsive. 

 
2.1 An applicant (referred to as “Bidder”) may be an individual or a firm or a company incorporated 

and registered in India under the Companies Act, 1956 and operating in India for the last five 
years. Certificate of incorporation / registration must be submitted as documentary proof for the 
same.  

 
 Field of Business:The Company should be in the field of Information Technology / 

Communication Technology for at least last 5 years (prior to the date of bid submission). Copy of 
relevant and valid Purchase Order(PO)/ Work order(WO)/LOA/ Contract for last 5 years before 
the date of bid submission should be submitted in the Technical bid.   

 
2.2 A Bidder declared ineligible by NHAI or Ministry of Road Transport & Highways, Government of 

India for indulging in corrupt or fraudulent practices or any of its project is unfinished due to its 
default shall be ineligible to Bid in this tender. 

 
2.3 A Bidder determined non-performing by NHAI shall also not be eligible to Bid during the period so 

determined. 
 
2.4 The Bidder must either be an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) for the equipment’squoted 

in this tender and/ or its Authorized System Integrator/Channel Partner for this bid or any other 
bidder should submit Manufacturers Authorization Form (MAF) for the equipment/services being 
quoted as part of this tender. The Bidder should have direct back-to-back support agreement with 
the OEM. The Support agreement should include the activities like Post-Sales support, Technical 
Assistance support, Spares support, Software Up-gradation support etc.  
 

The Bidder, if it is an OEM, should provide a declaration to this effect strictly as per the 
format given at Form-T2. The Bidder, if it is an authorized System Integrator/channel 
partner of the OEM, should submit a declaration to this effect strictly as per the format 
given under Form-T3 and should submit a letter (MAF), in the letterhead of the OEM, duly 
signed and stamped by the authorized signatory of the OEM. 

 
2.5 Financial Strength:The bidder’s average annual financial turnover should be Rs. 4.25 Crores or 

more in the last three financial years i.e. The net worth of the bidder must be positive and 85 lacs 
or more. 
 

Documentary proof in the form of a certificate from the Company Secretary or statutory 
auditor/ chartered accountant as per the specified format (Form-T4) shall be submitted to 
substantiate the requisite Financial Strength of the Company. Certificates, which are not 
in specified format or are issued with date prior to the Notice Inviting Tender, shall not be 
considered and the Bid accompanying such certificates is likely to be declared as non-
responsive. 

 
2.6 The Bidder shall be involved in provision of similar nature of work i.e. supply and installation of 

networking equipment, servers, storage solution, security solution, and system integration 
services to its clients in Central/State Government or PSU 
 

A self-declaration statement signed by authorized signatory of the Bidder shall be 
enclosed with other supporting documents in the technical proposal as per proforma 
[Form-T5 and T6].   
 
Technical Strength:   The bidder must have experience of having successfully executed 
similar nature of work during last 5 financial years as under -  a) Single work of Rs. 6.8 
crores or above or b) two works of Rs. 4.25 crores each or above or c) three works of Rs. 
3.4 crores each or above. Copy of subject certificate from the client shall be mandatorily 
be enclosed with the proposal. 



 

Page 11 of 80 

 
 

2.7 The Bidder must have service center for repair/ maintenance of IT equipment’s or having 
confirmed tie-up with leading service center(s) for repair of equipment which are to be maintained 
as per this tender. The service center shall have facility through which service be provided within 
24 hours of call logging pending which warranty SLA be referred. 

 
2.8 The main objects of the Memorandum of Association of the Company (Bidder) should 

substantiate that in the ordinary course of its business, the Company is engaged in providing 
similar services in the information technology field and/ or Networking Business. 
 

2.9 EventhoughtheBiddersmeet thequalifyingcriteria, theyaresubjecttobe disqualifiedif theyhave: 
 

(a) mademisleadingorfalserepresentationsintheforms,statementsandattachments 
submittedinproofoftheeligibilityrequirements; 
 

(b) record of poor performance such as abandoning the works, not properly completing the 
contract, inordinate delay in completion, delay in payment of salary to its staff deployed 
to client’s site, litigation history, or financialfailuresetc.; 
 

(c) submitted a Bid which is not substantially responsive to the requirements stated in the 
Tender Document. 

 
3. CONFLICT OF INTEREST 

 
3.1 A Bidder shall not have a conflict of interest that may affect the bidding process (the “Conflict of 

Interest”). Any Bidder found to have a Conflict of Interest shall be disqualified. In the event of 
disqualification, NHAI shall forfeit and appropriate 5% of the value of Bid Security as mutually agreed 
genuine pre-estimated loss and damage likely to be suffered and/ or incurred by the NHAI and not by 
way of penalty for, inter alia, the time, cost and effort of NHAI including consideration of such Bidder’s 
Bids, without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may be available to NHAI hereunder or 
otherwise. 
 

3.2 NHAI requires that the selected bidder provides professional, objective, and impartial advice and at all 
times hold NHAI’s interest’s paramount, avoid conflictswith other assignments or its own interests. 
The selected bidder shall not accept or engage in any assignment that would be in conflict with its 
prior or current obligations to other clients, or that may place it in a position of not being able to carry 
out the assignment in the best interests of NHAI. 

 
3.3 A Bidder shall be deemed to have a Conflict of Interest affecting the bidding process, if: 

 
a) a constituent

1
 of applicant Bidder is also a constituent of another Bidder; or 

 
b) such Bidder or its associate receives or has received any direct or indirect subsidy or grant 

from any other Bidder or its associate; or 
 

c) such Bidder has the same legal representative for purposes of this application as any other 
Bidder; or 

 
d) such Bidder has a relationship with another Bidder, directly or through common third parties, 

that puts them in a position to have access to each other’s information about the bids, or if 
they actually share or access each other’s information regarding the bids or to influence the 
bid of either or each of the other Bidder; or 

 
e) there is a conflict among this and other assignments of the Bidder (including its personnel 

and subordinates) and any subsidiaries or entities controlled by such Bidder or having 

                                                           
1
 For the purpose of this clause the word “constituent” shall include Promoter, Director, Shareholder, 

Partner, Agent, representative etc.  



 

Page 12 of 80 

common controlling shareholders. The duties of the Bidder will depend on the circumstances 
of each case. While providing services to NHAI for this particular assignment, the Bidder shall 
not take up any assignment that by its nature will result in conflict with the present 
assignment; or 
 

f) a firm which has been engaged by the Authority to provide goods and/or works and/or 
services for a project, and its associates, will be disqualified from providing consulting 
services for the same project, conversely, a firm hired to provide services for the preparation 
or implementation of a project, and its associates, will be disqualified from subsequently 
providing goods or works or services related to the same project; or 
 

g) Bidders should be deemed to be in a conflict of interest situation if it can be reasonably 
concluded that their position in a business or their personal interest could improperly 
influence their judgment in the exercise of their duties. The process for selection of Bidders 
should avoid both actual and perceived conflict of interest; or 
 

h) the bidder, its associate (or any constituent thereof), and the Consultant, if any, for the 
Project, have common controlling shareholders or other ownership interest; provided that this 
disqualification shall not apply in cases where the direct or indirect shareholding or ownership 
interest of an bidder, its associate (or any shareholder thereof having a shareholding of more 
than 5% (five per cent) of the paid up and subscribed share capital of such bidder or 
associate(s), if any, or its contractor(s) is less than 5% (five per cent) of the paid up and 
subscribed share capital of such bidder; provided further that this disqualification shall not 
apply to ownership by a bank, insurance company, pension fund or a public financial 
institution referred to in section 4A of the Companies Act, 1956 

 
i) For purposes of this RFP Document, Associate means, in relation to the bidder, a person 

who controls, is controlled by, or is under the common control with such bidder. As used in 
this definition, the expression “control” means, with respect to a person which is a company 
or corporation, the ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% (fifty per cent) of the 
voting shares of such person, and with respect to a person which is not a company or 
corporation, the power to direct the management and policies of such person by operation of 
law or by contract. 

 
3.4 A bidder eventually appointed to provide services for this Project, and its associates, shall be 

disqualified from subsequently providing services related to the Project and any breach of this 
obligation shall be construed as Conflict of Interest; provided that the restriction herein shall not apply 
after a period of 5 (five) years from the completion of this assignment; provided further that this 
restriction shall not apply to services performed for NHAI in continuation of the services hereto or to 
any subsequent services performed for NHAI in accordance with the rules of NHAI. For the avoidance 
of doubt, an entity affiliated with the bidder shall include a partner in the bidder or a person who holds 
more than 5% (five per cent) of the subscribed and paid up share capital of the bidder, as the case 
may be, and any Associate thereof. 
 

3.5 The normal way to identify conflicts of interest is through self-declaration by the Bidder. Where a 
conflict exists, which has not been declared, competing companies are likely to bring this to the notice 
of NHAI. All conflicts must be declared as and when the Bidder becomes aware of them. 

 
4. Preparation & Submission of bids: 
 
4.1 Detailed RFP may be downloaded from NHAI’S website and / or e-tender portal of NHAI and bid shall 

be submitted onlinefollowing the instruction appearing on the screen.  
 

4.2 The following documents shall be submitted in ORIGINAL to NHAI before the prescribed date & time 
for submission of Bids. (a) Tender Application Fee in the manner prescribed.  (b) Bid Security in the 
manner prescribed. (c) Original Power of Attorney* in favour of Authorized Signatory in the Format 
prescribed in this document.   



 

Page 13 of 80 

 
*Copy of Board Resolution and/ or Power of Attorney in the prescribed format / any other 
supporting document indicating that the person signing the bid has the required authority 
to sign on behalf of the bidder. 
 

4.3 The Technical and Financial Bid shall be digitally signed by the Authorized Signatory of the bidder & 
submitted “on-line” only.  No hard copy of Technical and Financial bids is required to be submitted. 
 

4.4 It may be noted that scan copies can be prepared in different file format (PDF, JPEG). 

 
4.5 The Bid shall comprise the following: 
 

Documents as specified in para 4 (ii) above shall be placed in a sealed envelope. The envelop 
should bear the following identifications: “Enclosure to Bid forSupply, Installation and 
Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Security and Wi-Fi systemsat NHAI HQ” and 
addressed to. 
 

ATTN. OF  Sh. Shailesh Yadav   
DESIGNATION  General Manager (IT) 
ADDRESS  National Highways Authority of India,  
  G-5&6, Sector 10, Dwarka,  
     New Delhi-110 075  
Phone No.  :  +91-11-25074100-200 (Extn.: 1272) 
E-MAILADDRESS : shaileshyadav@nhai.org 
 
The envelope should also bear the bidder’s name & address. If the envelope is not sealed 
and marked as above, NHAI will assume no responsibility for the misplacement or 
premature opening of the contents of the envelope and consequent losses, if any, suffered 
by the Bidder. Such Bids may also be declared non-responsive. 
 
Note:  
i. Documents as specified above, if received by NHAI after the prescribed deadline 

(bid due date) will be returned unopened to the Bidder   
ii. If any requisite document/ certificate are not in the prescribed format the same 

shall not be considered while evaluating the Bids and the same may lead to Bid 
being declared as non-responsive. 

iii. The Technical Bid shall not include any commercial quote.    
iv. The bids should be submitted online only in the prescribed format downloaded 

from the e-tendering portal. No other mode of submission is accepted. 
 
 

5. TENDER APPLICATION FEE AND BID SECURITY 
 

5.1 Bidder should pay Tender Application Fee (non-refundable) INR 5,000/- (Rupees Twenty Five 
Thousand) only in the form of Demand Draft/ Banker’s Cheque/ Pay order, drawn on a scheduled 
bank in India and payable to “National Highways Authority of India” at New Delhi. 
 

5.2 The Bid Security of INR 16 Lakh (Rupees sixteenlakh only) shall be furnished in the form of 
Demand Draft/ Banker’s Cheque/ Pay order, drawn on a scheduled bank in India and payable to 
“National Highways Authority of India” at New Delhi or Bank Guarantee of equivalent amount as 
per the format prescribed in theForm T7. NHAI shall not be liable to pay any interest on the Bid 
Security deposit.    

 
5.3 Any bid not accompanied by an acceptable Bid Security and / or Tender Application Fee in the 

prescribed manner shall be summarily rejected. 
 

5.4 The Bid Security of all unsuccessful bidders shall be returned without interest normally within 30 
days after finalization of the tender process i.e. signing of the contract agreement with the 
successful bidder. The bidder should indicate details of their bank account number for crediting the 



 

Page 14 of 80 

refund of bid security through ECS (RTGS/NEFT). This information should be provided in the 
technical bid. 

 
6. FORFEITURE OF BID SECURITY (EMD/ EMBG) 

 
The Bid Security shall be forfeited and/ or appropriated by NHAI as mutually agreed genuine pre-
estimated compensation and as damages payable to NHAI for, inter-alia, time, cost and effort of 
NHAI without prejudice to any other right or remedy that may be available to NHAI under the 
provisions in the RFP and/or under the Contract, or otherwise, under the following circumstances:   
 
(i) If a bidder submits a non-responsive bid  

Subject: however, that in the event of forfeiture and/ or appropriation of bid security 
occurring due to operation of this sub para, the damage so claimed by NHAI shall be 
restricted to 5% of the value of bid security.  

(ii) If a Bidder engages in a corrupt practice, fraudulent practice, coercive practice, 
undesirable practice or restrictive practice; or  

(iii) If the Bid is withdrawn during the intervening period between the bid due date and the 
expiration of the Bid Validity; or  

(iv) If the bidder tries to influence the evaluation process; or   
(v) If a Bidder having been notified Successful Bidder by the NHAI with the issuance of LOA 

during the Validity Period: 

(i) fails or refuses to execute/ sign the Contract within the stipulated time frame; or 
(ii) fails  or  refuses  to  furnish  the  Performance  Security,  in  accordance  with  

the tender conditions. 
 

7. LAST DATE FOR SUBMISSION OF TENDERS 
 

7.1 Tenders, complete in all respects, must be online submitted on or before the last date and time 
specified in the schedule of events.  

 
7.2 NHAI may, at its own discretion, extend the last date for submission of tenders. In such a case, all 

the eligibility requirements shall get automatically modified for the extended timeframe. 
 

8. COSTOF BIDDING 
 

TheBiddershallbearallcostsassociatedwiththepreparationandsubmissionofhisBid 
andanyincidentalexpendituretoward that,and theNHAIwillinnocaseberesponsible andliablefor 
thosecosts, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the bidding process. 

 
9. SITE VISIT 

 
9.1 The Bidder, at the hisown responsibility and risk is encouragedto visit and examineNHAI Officesin 

Delhi/NCR and IDC and obtainall informationthat may be necessaryfor preparing the Bidand 
enteringinto the Contract. Thecosts ofsuch visitshallbeat theBidder'sownexpense. 

 
10. LANGUAGE OF THE BIDS 

 
10.1 The Bid and all communications in relation to or concerning the Bidding Documents and the Bid 

shall be in the English language.No supporting document or printed literature shall be submitted 
with the proposal unless specifically asked for and in case any of the documents is in another 
language, it must be accompanied by an accurate translation of the relevant passages in English, 
in which case, for all purposes of interpretations of the proposal, the translation in English shall 
prevail. 

 
11. TECHNICAL PROPOSAL 

 
11.1 In preparing the Technical Proposal, Bidders are expected to examine the documents comprising 

his Bid in detail. Material deficiencies in providing the information requested may result in 
rejection of a Proposal.   



 

Page 15 of 80 

 
11.2 While preparing the Technical Proposal, Bidders must give particular attention to the following: 

 
i. Technical Bid comprising various formats prescribed including Form T1 in Part II.    
ii. Stipulated documentary evidence attested by the authorized signatory in support 

of their claim for fulfilling the eligibility criteria and an undertaking on the bidder’s 
letterheads to the fairness of these documents in support of their claim while 
submitting the Bids 

iii. Undertaking that the bidder has not been determined non-performing or having 
been terminated any of his project during last three years by Ministry of Road 
Transport & Highways, Government of India or its executing agencies like NHAI, 
NHIDCL etc. 

iv. Undertaking that the bidder has not been declared ineligible by Ministry of Road 
Transport & Highways, Government of India or its executing agencies like NHAI, 
NHIDCL etc. for indulging in corrupt or fraudulent practices shall be ineligible to 
apply for empanelment 

v. Self-declaration i.r.o. any conflict of interest prescribed under para 3 of section III; 
vi. Other documents   

a. Copy of Certificate of Incorporation of Company;  
b. MoA and/or AoA of the Company / or other document showing object clause 

of the firm; and  
c. Signed copy of Integrity Pact in the prescribed format;  
d. Any other document providing additional information in respect of technical / 

financial strength as well as technical experience etc. 
 

11.3 The Technical proposal should also contain the following information: 
 

(i) A brief description of the firm’s organization and an outline of recent experience on 
assignments of a similar nature. For each assignment, the outline should indicate, inter-
alia, duration of the assignment along-with start date & date of completion, contract 
amount, payments received, and firm’s involvement. 

 
(ii) Any additional information the Bidder may like to bring to the notice of NHAI. 

 
11.4 The Technical Proposal shall not include any financial information. 

 
12. FINANCIAL PROPOSAL 
 

i. Financial bid shall be submitted online on e-tender portal on the prescribed format 
which may be downloaded well before the bid due date from e-tender portal. Kindly 
note all forms and tables shall be filled and attached including Form F1 

ii. The bid should include all the charges payable in full compliance to the Scope of 
Work and other terms specified in the RFP document. No additional payments 
whatsoever are envisaged.  

iii. The bid should include all statutory taxes/ levies / surcharge on tax etc. but 
excluding service tax/ GST (as applicable). Any tax, and / or any other levies, if 
altered in future and payable under the law, the same shall be borne by the bidder.   

iv. applicable service tax/ GST (as applicable) shall be reimbursed by NHAI separately 
on production of proof of payment; and  

v. Applicant should note that Income tax payable by the Bidder is not reimbursable by 
NHAI. TDS will be applicable on all payments made by NHAI as per applicable law. 

vi. In case of any difference in figures and words, the amount mentioned in words will 
prevail. 

13. CURRENCIES OF BID AND PAYMENT 
 

13.1 The prices shall be quoted by the Bidder entirely in Indian Rupees. All payment shall be made in 
Indian Rupees. 
 

14. BID VALIDITY 



 

Page 16 of 80 

 
14.1 All the Bids must be valid for a period of 120 days from the last date of submission of the tender 

for execution of Contract (“Validity Period”). However, the quoted rates should be valid for the 
initial/ extended period of the Contract from the effective date of the Contract. No request will be 
considered for price revision during the Contract Period. 

 
14.2 A Bid valid for a shorter period shall be declared as non-responsive. 
 
14.3 During the Validity Period, the Bidder is expected to keep available capacity/ requirement for the 

assignment.    
 
14.4 The NHAI will make its best effort to complete the tender process within this Period. In 

exceptional circumstances, prior to expiry of the original time limit, the NHAI may request the 
Bidders to extend the period of validity for a specified additional period beyond the original validity 
of 120 days.The request and the bidders' responses shall be made in writing or by cable.The 
Bidders who accept the request to extend the period of validity of their Bids shall extend the 
validity of their Bid Security by days equal to the period of extension of validity of the Bids.The 
bidders, not agreeing for such extensions will be allowed to withdraw their bids without forfeiture 
of their Bid Security. 

 
15. MODIFICATION / SUBSTITUTION/ WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS: 
 
(i) The Bidder may modify, substitute or withdraw its e- bid after submission prior to the Bid Due 

Date. No Bid shall be modified, substituted or withdrawn by the Bidder on or after the Bid Due 
Date.  
 

(ii) Any alteration/ modification in the Bid or additional information supplied subsequent to the Bid 
Due Date, unless the same has been expressly sought for by the Authority, shall be disregarded. 
 

(iii) For modification of e-bid, bidder has to detach its old bid from e-tendering portal and upload / 
resubmit digitally signed modified bid. 
 

(iv) For withdrawal of bid, bidder has to click on withdrawal icon at e-tendering portal and can 
withdraw its e-bid. 
 

(v) Before withdrawal of a bid, it may specifically be noted that after withdrawal of a bid for any 
reason, bidder cannot re-submit e-bid again. 

 
16. LATE BIDS 

 
16.1 The Bid received by the NHAI after the prescribed deadline will not be accepted by the online bid 

submission portal. 
 
16.2 Late Submission of Document in Physical Form: 
 
 Any document as specified in clause 4 to be received in physical form, if received by the NHAI 

after the deadline prescribed will be returned unopened to the Bidder and also the e-bid 
submitted by such bidder will not be opened. 

 
17. INVALID OFFERS 

 
17.1 The offers submitted by telex/ telegram/ fax/ e-mail/ physical submission bid or any manner other 

than specified above shall be deemed to be invalid offer and shall not be considered. NHAI is not 
bound to reply/ respond to any representation/ letter or request for change in scope of the works, 
eligibility criteria or any relaxation in respect of the tender conditions. No correspondence will be 
entertained on this matter.  

 
18. PROCESS TO BE CONFIDENTIAL 

 



 

Page 17 of 80 

18.1 Information relating to the examination, clarification, evaluation, and comparison of Bids  and  
recommendations  for  the  award  of  a  Contract  shall  not  be  disclosed  to Bidders  or  any  
other  persons  not  officially  concerned  with  such  process  until  the award  to  the  Successful  
Bidder  has  been  announced.  Any effort by a Bidder to influence the NHAI’s processing of Bids 
or award decisions may result in the rejection of his Bid. NHAI will treat all information, submitted 
as part of the Bid, in confidence and will require all those who have access to such material to 
treat the same in confidence. NHAI may not divulge any such information unless it is directed to 
do so by any statutory entity that has the power under law to require its disclosure or is to enforce 
or assert any right or privilege of the statutory entity and/ or NHAI or as may be required by law or 
in connection with any legal process. 

 
19. OPENING, EVALUATION AND FURTHER PROCESS 

 
(a) The bids will be opened by a committee of officers nominated by the NHAI on the time and 

date specified. 
 

(b) Based on the bids submitted by the Bidders, the Tender Evaluation Committee (TEC) 
constituted by NHAI, shall carry out an evaluation of the qualifications of the Bidders. If at 
any time during the evaluation process, the TEC requires any clarification in order to carry 
out the evaluation, it reserves the right to request information from any Bidder, and the 
Bidder concerned shall be obliged to respond to any request for such information and to 
supply the same to the TEC within such reasonable timeframe as TEC may require. 

 
(c) NHAI will prepare the short-list of qualified Bidders and inform the qualified Bidders of the 

outcome. 
 

(d) This tender confers neither the right nor expectation on any party to participate in the 
selection process. NHAI reserves the right to reject any or all of the bids, if it considers 
necessary to do so, or to vary any of its terms at any time without giving any reason or 
incurring any liability thereto. 

 
20. SELECTION PROCESS 

 
(a) An online Single Stage, two envelope through e-tendering selection procedure will be 

adopted: 
 
Envelope-1: Pre-qualification-cum-Technical Stage 
Envelope -2: Financial Stage 

 
(b) In the first envelope the Evaluation Committee shall examine the statement of 

qualification, experience, technical capabilities etc. furnished by the Bidder.   
 
(c) Second Envelope: After completing evaluation of Technical bids, NHAI shall notify the 

shortlisted bidders indicating the date and time set for opening of their financial bids. The 
NHAI shall also notify those bidders whose technical bids were not shortlisted as per 
conditions of RFP.   The NHAI shall also notify those bidders whose technical bids were 
not shortlisted as per conditions of RFP.    
i. The Financial Bids shall be opened online. The Evaluation Committee will 

determine whether the submitted Financial bids are complete (i.e. whether they 
have included cost of all items of the corresponding proposals; if not, then the 
cost towards such missing  items  will be considered as NIL, but the bidder shall, 
however, be required to carry out such obligations without any additional 
compensation. In case under such circumstances, if NHAI feels that the work  
cannot be carried  out within  the  overall  cost  as  per the submitted financial 
bid, such proposals  shall  be considered non  responsive.    

ii. The Evaluation Committee shall also determine if the financial proposal is without 
computational errors.  

iii. The lowest financial bid among shortlisted bidders would be selected for award of 
work. However, NHAI would be free to take an appropriate decision and is not 
bound to accept the lowest bid 



 

Page 18 of 80 

iv. NHAI reserves the right to reject any bid which is non-responsive and no request 
for alteration, modification, substitution, or withdrawal shall be entertained by 
NHAI in respect of such bids. 
 
 

21.  Disqualification 
 
NHAI may at its own sole discretion and at any time during the process, disqualify any applicant, 
if the applicant has: 

(a) Submitted the bid after the response deadline; 
(b) Made misleading or false representations in the forms, statements and attachments 

submitted in proof of the eligibility requirements; 
(c) Exhibited a record of poor performance such as abandoning works,not properly 

completing the contract, inordinately delaying completion, being involved in litigation, or 
financial failures, etc.; 

(d) Submitted a bid which is not accompanied by required documentation and non-
refundable tender application fee or is non-responsive; 

(e) Failed to provide clarifications, when sought; 
(f) Found to be involved in anti-national activity, corruption, political or other type of 

canvassing in its favor; 
(g) Violated any Act of Government of India or infringed any third party copyright. 

 
22. Any effort by the Bidder to influence the NHAI in the NHAI’s Bid evaluation, Bid comparison or 

Contract award decisions may result in the rejection of the Bidders’ Bid. 
 
23. NHAI’S RIGHT TO ACCEPT ANY BID AND TO REJECT ANY OR ALL BIDS 

 
The NHAI reserves the right to accept or reject any Bid, and to cancel the bidding process and 
reject all Bids, at any time prior to the award of Contract, without thereby incurring any liability to 
the affected Bidder or Bidders or any obligation to inform the affected Bidder or Bidders of the 
grounds for the NHAI’s action. 

 
24. CORRESPONDENCE WITH THE APPLICANT 
 

Save and except as provided in this Tender Document, NHAI shall not entertain any 
correspondence with any Bidder in relation to the acceptance or rejection of any Bid. NHAI is not 
bound to reply/ respond to any representation/ letter or request for change in scope of the works, 
eligibility criteria or any relaxation in respect of the tender conditions. No correspondence will be 
entertained on this matter. 

 
25. INDEMNITY 

 
The Bidder shall, subject to the provisions of the Contract, indemnify NHAI for any direct loss or 
damage that is caused due to any deficiency in services. 

 
26. AWARD OF CONTRACT 

 
26.1 Award of Contract will be limited to one Bidder only. Letter of Award (LOA) shall be issued by 

NHAI to the Successful Bidder and the Bidder shall be asked to submit a Performance Security 
and sign the Contract within the specified timeframe as per the LOA, failing which the offer will be 
treated as withdrawn and the Bid Security will be forfeited. 

 
26.2 NHAI will have a Contract for availing the services during the Contract Period. Depending on the 

project requirements and past performance of the bidder, NHAI may extend the period of 
Contract for additional period as envisaged in this tender on such terms and conditions as NHAI 
may in its discretion deem fit.  

 
27. NOTIFICATION OF AWARD AND SIGNING OF AGREEMENT 

 



 

Page 19 of 80 

27.1 The Bidder whose Bids are successful (“Successful Bidder”) and acceptable will be notified of the 
award by the NHAI in writing through email or cable or telex or facsimile confirmed by post/ 
courier through issue of a LOA. The LOA will state the sum that the NHAI will pay to the 
Successful Bidder in consideration of the execution and completion of the Works as per TOR by 
the Successful Bidder as prescribed by the Contract (hereinafter and in the Contract called the 
“Contract Price”). 

 
27.2 Upon receipt of LOA, the Successful Bidder, shall comply with the conditions of LOA and submit 

a Letter of Acceptance along with Performance Security of requisite amount within the specified 
timeframe. Failing which, the LOA shall stand cancelled and also lead to annulment of the award 
and forfeiture of the Bid Security NHAI shall be entitled to take any other remedy under the 
Contract, and the NHAI may resort to awarding the Contract to any other Bidder. 

 
27.3 Upon furnishing of the Letter of Acceptance along-with Performance Security by the Successful 

Bidder, he shall be asked to sign the Contract.  
 
27.4 After signing of the Contract with the SuccessfulBidder, the NHAI will promptly notify the other 

Bidders that their Bids have been unsuccessful. 
 

28. PROPRIETARY DATA 
 

All documents and other information provided by NHAI or submitted by an applicant or Bidder to 
NHAI shall remain or become the property of NHAI. Bidders are to treat all information as strictly 
confidential. NHAI will not return any proposal or any information related thereto. All information 
collected, analyzed, processed or in whatever manner provided by the Bidder to NHAI in relation 
to the services shall be the property of NHAI. 

 
29. PERFORMANCE SECURITY 
 
29.1 Upon issue of a Letter of Award (LoA) by NHAI, the Successful Bidder shall be required to furnish 

an unconditional and irrevocable Performance Security in the form of a Performance Bank 
Guarantee (PBG) in the prescribed format within a period of 15 days. The PBG shall be for an 
amount of 10% of its bid value and should be in favour of “National Highways Authority of India”, 
New Delhi. The Performance Security shall be valid for period of contract, which may be 
extended appropriately such that it remains valid until one year beyond completion of the 
contract.   

 
29.2     The PBG from following banks shall only be accepted: 

a. State Bank of India or its subsidiaries.  
b. Any Indian Nationalized Bank.  
c. IDBI or ICICI Bank.  
d. A Foreign Bank (issued by a branch outside India) with a counter guarantee from SBI or its 

subsidiaries or any Indian Nationalized Bank.  
e. Any Scheduled Commercial Bank approved by RBI having a net worth of not less than 500 

Crores as per the latest Annual Report of the Bank. In the case of a Foreign Bank (issued by the 
branch of India) the net worth in respect of the Indian operations shall only be taken into account.   

29.3  The acceptance of the PBG shall also be subject to the following condition:-  
a) The capital adequacy of the Bank shall not be less than the norms prescribed by RBI.  
b) The bank guarantee issued by a Cooperative Bank shall not be accepted.   
 

29.4      After acceptance of Performance Security by NHAI, the Bid security of the Successful Bidder 
shall be returned without interest. 

 
30. ADVANCE PAYMENT AND FINANCIAL SECURITY 

 
The NHAI will not make any Advance Payment or provide any financial security against the work 
order/ Contract. 

 
31. CORRUPT OR FRAUDULENT PRACTICES 



 

Page 20 of 80 

 
The NHAI requires Bidder observe the highest standard of ethics during the procurement and 
execution of the Contract. In pursuance of this policy: 
 
(a) defines, for the purposes of this provision, the terms set forth below as follows: 

 
(i) “corrupt practice” means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of anything of 

value to influence the action of a public official in the procurement process or in 
Contract execution;  

 
(ii) “fraudulent  practice”  means  a  misrepresentation  of  facts  in  order  to influence 

a procurement  process or the execution of a Contract to the detriment of the NHAI, 
and includes collusive practice among Bidders (prior  to  or  after  Bid  submission)  
designed  to  establish  Bid  prices  at artificial  non-competitive   levels  and  to  
deprive  the  NHAI  of  the benefits of free and open competition;  

 
(iii) “coercive practice” means impairing or harming, or threatening to impair or harm, 

directly or indirectly, any person or property to influence any person’s participation 
or action in the bidding process; 

 
(iv) “undesirable practice” means (i) establishing contact with any person connected 

with or employed or engaged by the NHAI with the objective of canvassing, 
lobbying or in any manner influencing or attempting to influence the bidding 
process; or (ii) having a Conflict of Interest; and 

 
(v) “restrictive practice” means forming a cartel or arriving at any understanding or 

arrangement among Bidders with the objective of restricting or manipulating a full 
and fair competition in the bidding process. 

 
(b) will reject a proposal for award if it determines that the Bidder recommended for award has 

engaged in corrupt or fraudulent practices in competing for the Contract in question; 
 
(c) will declare a firm ineligible, either indefinitely or for a stated period of time, to be awarded a 

NHAI Contract if it at any time determines that the firm has engaged in corrupt or fraudulent 
practices in competing for, or in executing, a NHAI Contract. 

 
32. CLARIFICATION OF BIDDING DOCUMENTS 

 
32.1 A prospective Bidder requiring any clarification of the Bidding documents may notify NHAI in 

writing or by cable (hereinafter "cable" includes telex and facsimile) at NHAI’s address indicated 
in the invitation to Bid.  NHAI will respond to any request for clarification which is received upto 
two days before the date mentioned for clarifications issuance.  NHAI’s response will be hosted 
on NHAI e-tendering portal indicating a description of the enquiry but without identifying its 
source. 

 
32.2 To assist in the examination, evaluation, and comparison of Bids, the NHAI may, at its discretion, 

ask any Bidder for clarification of its Bid. The request for clarification and the response shall be in 
writing or by cable, but no  change  in  the  price  or  substance  of  the  Bid  shall  be  sought,  
offered,  or permitted except as required to confirm the correction of arithmetic errors discovered 
by the NHAI in the evaluation of the Bids. 

 
32.3 Except in case any clarification is asked by NHAI, no Bidder shall contact the NHAI on any matter 

relating to its Bid from the time of the Bid opening to the time the Contract is awarded.  If any 
Bidder  wishes  to  bring  additional  information  to  the  notice  of  the NHAI, it should do so in 
writing at the address: General Manager (IT), National Highways Authority of India, G 5 & 6, 
Sector – 10, Dwarka, New Delhi – 110075.  

 
33. AMENDMENT OF TENDER DOCUMENT 
 



 

Page 21 of 80 

33.1 At any time prior to the last date for receipt of tenders, NHAI, may, for any reason, whether at its 
own initiative or in response to a clarification requested by a prospective Bidder, modify the 
conditions specified in the Tender Document by an amendment. The amendment will be notified 
on NHAI’s e-tendering portal and should be taken into consideration by the prospective Bidders 
while preparing their Bids. 

 
33.2 Any amendment/ addendum thus  issued  shall  be  part  of  the  tender  document and  shall  be 

communicated  by  hosting  the  same  only on e-tendering portal NHAI’s  web  site. Bidder will 
provide acceptance and confirmation of such amendment/ addendum also by submitting the 
digitally signed document as part their proposal. 

 
33.3 In order to give prospective Bidders reasonable time to take the amendment into account in 

preparing their tenders, NHAI may, at its discretion, extend the last date for the receipt of tenders.  
 
34. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
34.1    This RFP document also includes a format of the Contract Agreement to be executed with the 

successful bidder for providing stipulated services to NHAI. Bidders are advised to study the RFP 
document along with its amendment/ addendum carefully. Submission of the bid will be deemed 
to have been done after careful study and examination of ground realities as well as all the 
instructions, eligibility norms, terms & conditions, requirements and specifications available in the 
RFP document with full understanding of its implications. The Bidder is expected to examine 
carefully all the instructions, conditions of Contract, forms for submitting Technical and Financial 
Bids and scope of work in the RFP document before submitting their Bids. Failure to comply with 
all the requirements of RFP document shall be at the Bidder’s own risk. Bids, which are not 
substantially responsive to the requirements of the RFP document, shall be declared non-
responsive and shall not be considered for evaluation.   
 

34.2     No bidder shall submit more than one bid against this RFP. If more than one bid is received from 
the same bidder, all such bids shall be summarily rejected. 

 
34.3      NHAI will be at liberty to keep the credentials of the bidders submitted by them at bidding stage, 

in public domain and the same may be uploaded by NHAI on its web site. The bidders shall have 
no objection if NHAI uploads/ hosts the information pertaining to their credentials as well as of 
their key personnel. 

 
34.4      The bidding process shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of India 

and courts at New Delhi shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes arising under, pursuant 
to and/or in connection with the bidding process.      

 
34.5    Any dispute arising out of this procurement process shall be referred to Society for Affordable 

Resolution of Disputes (SAROD). The decision of the SAROD in this regard shall be final and 
binding on the parties.    

 
34.6      NHAI, in its sole discretion and without incurring any obligation or liability, reserves the right, at 

any time, to;   
(i) Suspend and/or cancel the bidding process and/or amend and/or supplement the Bidding 
Process or modify the dates or other terms and conditions relating thereto;  
(ii) Consult with any Bidder in order to receive clarification or further information;  
Retain any information and/ or evidence submitted to NHAI by, on behalf of, and/ or in relation to 
any Bidder; and/or;  
(iv) Independently verify, disqualify, reject and/ or accept any and all submissions or other 
information and/or evidence submitted by or on behalf of any Bidder.   
NHAI is not bound to reply/ respond to any representation/ letter or request for Change in Scope 
of work, eligibility criteria or any relaxation in respect of the tender conditions. No correspondence 
will be entertained on this matter.   
 

34.7     It shall be deemed that by submitting the Bid, the Bidder agrees and releases NHAI, its 
employees, agents and advisers, irrevocably, unconditionally, fully and finally from any and all 
liability for claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses or liabilities in any way related to or arising 



 

Page 22 of 80 

from the exercise of any rights and/or performance of any obligations hereunder, pursuant hereto 
and/or in connection with the bidding process and waives, to the 

  



 

Page 23 of 80 

 
 
 
 
 
 

SECTION – IV 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
TERMS OF REFERENCE 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 24 of 80 

TERMS OF REFERENCE (TOR) 
 

1. National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) is responsible for the implementation and monitoring 
of National Highways Development Projects (NHDP). Civil Contracts are executed/ implemented 
by the Project Implementation Units (PIUs) of National Highway Authority of India.  
 

2. NHAI NETWORK ARCHITECTURE – Existing Setup 
Network for NHAI HQ was established in 2006 supporting the local applications and internet 
services to the users. Further in 2013, voice and Video services were added on the same network 
along with additional services like mailing, web, Active directory and other financial application 
hosted in the Data center. Considering the next stage of services to be offered at Toll plaza and 
Regional offices which will be now connected to the HQ bringing lot of Video, voice and 
surveillance traffic which needs the overall up gradation of the network from the following 
perspectives 

a. Network at Core, Distribution and Access Layer 
b. Servers and Storage solution 
c. Security at the perimeter like firewall and IPS 
d. Wi-Fi solution 
e. Network Device authentication through NAC 

2.1 NHAI is having a Local Area Network (LAN) at Head Office providing Data and IP Telephony 
connectivity to its users. NHAI also has co-located some of its Application Servers and the Mail 
Server at the Internet Data Center (IDC) of Tata at Greater Kailash, New Delhi. Some of the Field 
Office users use stand-alone computers that dial out to the Internet for the data access.  

2.2 Moreover, we are coming up with new building across the road which will be catered through the 
same data center and Network Core layer 
 

2.3 The following diagram depicts the logical setup of the existing network at the NHAI Headquarters 
(dotted lines with circled numbers represent the respective floors in the building) and connectivity 
with Wide Area Network. 

 

 

 
2.4 Wide Area Network Architecture:Multi-Protocol Label Switching (MPLS) technology based 

connectivity from the Bandwidth provider connects NHAI HQ with various RO’s. The field offices, 
the Internet Data Center of NHAI (IDC), Office of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways 
(MoRT&H) and the NHAI head office are connected to the MPLS cloud. 



 

Page 25 of 80 

  



 

Page 26 of 80 

3. Scope of work of this tender is divided into following schedule: 
(i) Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Security and Wi-

Fi systems  
(ii) Passive Work including cabling, installation of racks 

 
4. The detailed scope of work are as under: 
 
4.1 The Scope of work of the tender shall broadly cover supply and delivery of products/equipment at 

various sites as per bill of materials, installation and commissioning of supplied equipment’s, 
acceptance testing, documentation, etc. 

 
4.2 The Products/equipment supplied under this contract shall conform to the Technical 

Specifications given in this tender. All the equipment shall operate in 240V AC power.  
 
4.3 All the latest Software Updates/Upgrades and/or Patches shall be for the entire period of 

Warranty by the Successful Bidder at no extra cost to the Purchaser. Acceptance Testing of the 
system, shall be got done by the Successful Bidder through the authority designated by NHAI for 
all functions of all systems after the implementation of Software Updates, Upgrades and Patches 
in each system. 

 
4.4 Any work/service and any product/equipment, not specifically mentioned in the tender, but 

considered essential for the completion of work in all respects, shall be deemed to be included in 
the Scope of Work of the Successful Bidder. 

 
4.5       The Scope of Work of the tender shall cover AMC of Existing Equipment’s as mentioned in Table  
 
5 General Scope of Work Clauses 

a)  Implementation Methodology – The Bidder shall adopt industry best practices to ensure smooth 
implementation of the project including but not limited to: - 

i.  Preparation of Project Schedule & Charter - a detailed location wise project schedule 
conforming to the overall Time frame of the project  

ii.  Understanding the requirements for the project with specific details to kick-off the project 
as per schedule 

The Bidder shall submit the Project Schedule & charter and the Project Team Structure for 
approval to NHAI within 1 week from issue of Letter of Award. 

b)  It shall be the responsibility of the Successful Bidder to bring all the installation equipment and 
tools required for the installation of the LAN/WAN. 

c) The bidder is required to provide on-call support for the contract period at all the locations 
envisaged under the Scope of Work. 

d) In addition to the regular support centers the bidder should provide one contact person either own 
employee or through franchisee. The scope of shall include: 

 Upgradation, supply, installation and implementation of upgraded versions of firmware / 
software (updates /upgrades) 

 Rectification of Bugs/defects if any 
 Preventive Maintenance quarterly 
 Maintenance of Hardware/Software 

 
5.1 Warranty: The warranty period shall not commence unless the supply, installation, commissioning 

and acceptance is complete. The comprehensive warranty of supplied equipment will be for a 
period of 3 years. The rates quoted should include the on-call support/service for the entire 
contract period 

 
5.2 Acceptance Test shall be conducted by the bidder at the sole discretion of NHAI in presence of 

NHAI officials. All the additional charges for conducting the Acceptance Test shall be borne by the 
bidder. 

5.3 AMC: Bidder shall also quote for per year AMC for 4
th
 and 5

th
 year after initial 3years warranty 

period of new supplied items and 3 years AMC services of the existing equipment. NHAI 
management will decide on the AMC subsequently. Successful bidder will inform six months in 



 

Page 27 of 80 

advance before the expiry of warranty period of the supplied hardware and softwareto NHAI. This 
will not be considered for determining the L1 bidder. 

 
5.4 Supply and installation of IP Phone, Servers and Storage devices and their integration with 

the existing IT equipments as per Below table 
(i) Table. 

S. No Hardware Qty 

1 Cisco CUCM version 9 2 

2 
Cisco Fabric Interconnect 
6200 series 2 

3 Cisco Blade Chassis 5108 2 
 

(ii) The above Call manager is installed in NHAI HQ on two servers, new IP phones to be integrated 
with the existing setup and shall be of same OEM. 

(iii) New server and storage solution shall be integrated with the existing management provided by 
Cisco UCS manager to get single window for all the server.  

(iv) The Bidder shall undertake minimum three-years comprehensive on-site Warranty for all the 
supplied products/equipment. 

(v) The Purchaser reserves the right to award the additional work or purchase the equipment during 
any period upto 36 months from the date of contract taking into account the same unit price for 
individual items as mentioned in the Price Schedule. The right of refusal of not getting the work 
done lies with NHAI. Exchange rate variation in case more than +/-2% of any imported item can 
be provided based on the variation in the exchange rate value referred from RBI or SBI 

(vi) Quantity Variation: The quantities mentioned in this contract are indicative. The total contract may 
vary to +/- 30%. However, the approved rate of each item and other terms and conditions shall 
remain unchanged during the period of the contract. The bidder is to confirm the acceptance of 
the same for inclusion in the contract. It will be entirely the discretion of the purchaser to exercise 
this option or not.  

(vii) It shall be the responsibility of the Successful Bidder to bring all the installation equipment and 
tools required for the installation of the supplied products/ equipment’s.  

(viii) All the products/equipment supplied should be quoted with all the necessary and required cables 
and other accessories. 

(ix) The Servers should be rack mountable. All these components shall be quoted with rack mounting 
accessories also. 

(x) All software quoted should be supplied with the respective media in the form of Compact Disk 
(CD)/DVD for each quantity.  

(xi) Documentation: The Successful Bidder has to submit all relevant documentation pertaining to the 
entire solution. This should minimally cover the User Manuals, Operation Manuals, Manufacturer 
Supplied Technical Documentation, Configuration of all the Devices, all relevant 
diagrams/documentation required in hard copy as well as soft-copy.  

(xii) The System integration work would involve Installation and commissioning of the IT Infrastructure 
components such as Servers, Databases, Networking & Security components, Storage Solution, 
Software and other components required at the NHAI Offices supplied as a part of this RFP.  

(xiii) No Products supplied under the RFP should be ‘end of life’ and shall have serviceable life span of 
7 years and certificate by the bidder shall be provided to this effect. All the hardware items which 
are supplied by the SI shall be brand new. SI shall not supply any Refurbished or second hand 
item.  

(xiv) Supplier shall undertake pre-installation planning including but not limited to Rack planning, 
structured cabling, SAN cabling, power points, etc. 

(xv) Supplier shall be responsible for the commissioning of the storage, network & security 
components and related basic infrastructure. 

(xvi) Supplier shall carry out the planning and layout design for the placement of equipment in the 
identified locations of NHAI.  

(xvii) The plan and design documents thus developed shall be submitted to the NHAI for approval and 
the acceptance would be obtained prior to commencement of installation.  

(xviii) The System Integrator at their own risk may visit NHAI HQs to see the condition of these 
equipment’s. 

 



 

Page 28 of 80 

6. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS 
 
(i) The Bidder has to ensure that all the supplied hardware should be compliant to IPV6. The Bidder 

has also make necessary changes in the IP addressing pool scheme to get the IPV6 
implemented with the new hardware at NHAI. 
 

(ii) The Bidder shall submit the detailed breakup of the material list up to the card/module level of 
each quoted item of the Tender as separate Annexure without mentioning the prices and submit 
the same along with the Technical Proposal. The Bidder shall include any other 
hardware/software item required for installing, commissioning the system & launch of service. In 
case it is found that any item not provided in the bid is needed for successful implementation of 
the project, will have to be supplied by the Bidder free of cost. Any prices mentioned in the 
Technical Proposal will lead to disqualification of the bid. 
 

(iii) The Bidder shall also quote as optional items for all such items and their appropriate quantities 
that are not listed in the tender but are considered necessary for the successful implementation of 
the project. 
 

(iv) The Bidder shall submit the detailed breakup of the unit cost of the material upto the card level / 
module level along with the cost of each item given in the Price Schedule of the Tender and the 
Price Schedule for Optional Items mentioning the prices and submit the same along with the 
Commercial Proposal. The Bidder shall include any other hardware/software item required for 
installing, commissioning the system & launch of service.   

 
(v) The Bidder shall submit detailed specification of all the equipment quoted along with supporting 

technical documentation and literature. Authentic product brochures for all the 
products/equipment should necessarily support specifications. Equipment shall conform to the 
Technical Specifications laid down in Section VI and to the relevant Indian/International 
Standards. The standards to which the equipment conforms shall also be specified in the 
Technical Proposal. 

 
(vi) Carrying out of the required site surveys prior to submission of the proposal is the responsibility of 

the Bidder, if he/she may so desire, at its own cost. 
 
(vii) The Bidder shall include in his scope of supply, the components, materials and accessories 

required to render the equipment & systems offered, complete in all respects even though every 
individual item may not have been mentioned specifically in the tender and/or the Technical 
Specifications section of the tender.  

 
(viii) All the equipment offered by the Bidder shall also conform to the statutory requirements of 

Government of India, the State Governments and any other regulatory specifications. 
 
(ix) The Purchaser will neither issue a form nor will offer any help to the Successful Bidder to avail 

any concession on Sales Tax or GST or any other Tax. In case of requirement of entry permits 
(e.g. Form 32 in U.P.), in any state or district, the Bidder has to arrange it itself. 

 
7. DELAYS 
(i) The expected timelines for the completion of the key tasks is given below: 

Activity Expected Timeline for completion 

Supply of the products/equipment at 
respective sites 

Within 100 days from the signing of Contract 
Agreement. 

Successful completion of installation and 
Acceptance at all sites 

Within  8 weeks from the signing of Contract 
Agreement. 

 
(ii) The Successful Bidder shall ensure that the delivery of Products/equipment and/or the delivery of 

the services are in accordance with the time schedules specified in Clause 6 (i).  In case of any 
deviation from the schedule, the Purchaser reserves the right to either cancel the Contract and/or 
recover Liquidated Damage charges.   

 



 

Page 29 of 80 

(iii) The Successful Bidder, if faced with problems in timely delivery of services, which are beyond 
their control at any time during the contract, shall immediately inform the Purchaser in writing, 
about the causes of the delay and tentative duration of such delay etc. The Purchaser, on receipt 
of such notice, shall analyze the facts at the earliest and may at its sole discretion, extend the 
contract period as deemed reasonable. 

 
(iv) Any delay by the Successful Bidder in the delivery of Products/equipment and/or the services will 

make the Successful Bidder liable to any or all of the following: 
i. Forfeiture of Performance Bank Guarantee 
ii. Imposition of Liquidated Damage charges 
iii. Termination of the contract for default. 

 
8. WARRANTY 
(i) The Bidder is required to provide on-site comprehensive warranty valid for 36 months for all 

supplied hardware and software. This warranty, for all equipments, shall remain valid for 36 
months after the final acceptance sign-off of the project. 

 
(ii) The Bidder shall warrant that all the equipment supplied under the contract is newly 

manufactured and shall have no defect arising out of design, materials or workmanship or from 
any act or omission of the Bidder, that may develop under normal use of the supplied 
equipment’s in the conditions prevailing across the country. 

 
(iii) The Bidder shall warrant that the services provided under the contract shall be as per the 

Warranty Service Level Requirements. During the warranty, the Bidder shall perform all the 
functions as mentioned in tender document at no extra cost to the Purchaser. All the penalty 
clauses shall be applicable during the period of warranty in case of failure on part of Bidder. The 
terms and conditions for Warranty are given in the tender document. 

 
(iv) The Bidder shall quote for comprehensive on-site warranty for three years, which shall become 

effective after the Final Acceptance Sign-off. The cost, including visits of the engineers, etc, shall 
be quoted as part of the individual equipment prices. No separate charges shall be paid for visit of 
engineers or attending to faults and repairs or supply of spare parts. 

 
(v) NHAI shall promptly notify the Bidder about any claims arising under this warranty. Upon receipt 

of such notice, the Bidder shall repair/replace/reconfigure/re-provision the defective equipment or 
service. Replacement under warranty clause shall be made by the contractor free of all charges 
at site including freight, insurance and other incidental charges with in 72 hours of notifying the 
bidder 

 
(vi) The Bidder shall, at the time of submitting the bid submit the Technical Proposal specifying how 

the Bidder proposes to carry out repair under Warranty. The Bidder shall also indicate what 
spares will be kept in different locations. The infrastructure planned to be created by the Bidder to 
fulfill his obligations under Warranty and his action plan to deal with the various situations arising 
out of hardware and software faults shall be clearly indicated. 

 
(vii) If the Bidder, having been notified, fails to remedy the defect(s) within the period specified in the 

SLA, NHAI may proceed to take such remedial action as may be necessary at the Bidder’s risk 
and expense and without prejudice to any other rights, which NHAI may have against the Bidder 
under the contract. 

 
(viii) The Bidder has to submit the warranty paper for three years for all the products. The payments of 

any or all equipments shall only be processed on the receipt of warranty papers. 
 
(ix) The bidder shall have back to back alignment on services with the respective OEM 
 
9. PERFORMANCE AND SPARES 
 
(i) The Bidder shall specify in the Technical Proposal the complete list of spares that will be 

maintained by the Bidder for meeting the various Warranty Service Level Requirements specified 
in the tender document. 



 

Page 30 of 80 

(ii) The Successful Bidder shall guarantee that discontinuity of production of any item offered, as a 
part of the system shall not affect the maintainability of the system for a period of 3 years from the 
date of Final Acceptance. 

 
10. WARRANTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
(i) During the period of Warranty, the SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall inter alia: 

 Diagnose the hardware and software faults. 
 Rectify the hardware/software faults detected. 
 Repair and replace the faulty equipment or part thereof. 
 Carry out the periodic preventive maintenance. 
 Upkeep the software periodically. 

 
(ii) The SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall prepare the schedule of preventive maintenance for each 

quarter and shall submit the same to NHAI in advance. The preventive maintenance shall not 
affect the normal functioning of the system. 
 

(iii) The SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall be solely responsible for the maintenance, repair & 
Upgradation of the software/hardware systems, equipment’s and parts thereof and NHAI shall not 
be liable to interact with any of the partners/ collaborators or subcontractors of the SUCCESSFUL 
BIDDER. 
 

(iv) The SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall have adequate Technical support Centers to meet the criteria 
for fault restoration/faulty unit repair. The SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall furnish the names, 
locations, complete postal address, Telephone numbers and FAX numbers of all Technical 
support Centers at the time of signing the Contract.  
 

(v) The SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall also provide the name of alternate contact person or Technical 
Support Center with address & telephone /FAX no., which may be contacted by NHAI or its 
authorized agency staff for support in case of no response/poor response from the designated 
Technical support center.  This, however, shall not preclude NHAI from imposing the penalties, if 
any, as applicable as per the terms & conditions of this tender.  
 

(vi) Any change in Address, Phone number, FAX Number etc shall have to be intimated in writing by 
the SUCCESSFUL BIDDER to the concerned In-charge of the NHAI network at the earliest.  If 
the network in-charge of the NHAI is unable to report the faults to the normally assigned 
Technical support Center due to the change of phone number etc. the fault will be reported and 
the SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall be responsible for rendering all the maintenance support 
services to the affected station as per the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 

(vii) The SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall ensure that all the Technical support centers are manned by 
fully competent and responsible Engineers and are capable of attending the faults at the NHAI 
sites by deputing competitive technical expert. 
 

(viii) The SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall ensure that adequate spares are maintained at the Technical 
support Centers to meet its obligation under Warranty. 
 

(ix) In case of any fault, abnormality in the system, partial or total failure of the system, the officer in-
charge of the NHAI or its authorized agency will immediately contact the designated Technical 
support Center of the SUCCESSFUL BIDDER and give information about the nature of fault over 
phone / FAX / pager / e-mail. 
 

(x) In case of any fault, abnormality in the system, partial or total failure of the system, the officer in-
charge of the NHAI or its authorized agency will immediately contact the designated Technical 
support Center of the SUCCESSFUL BIDDER and give information about the nature of fault over 
phone / FAX / pager / e-mail. 
 

(xi) The details of the faults reported shall be recorded in an agreed format, called the “FAULT 
DOCKET”. The time of occurrence of fault, time of reporting the fault to the service center of the 



 

Page 31 of 80 

successful bidder, time of restoration of fault as recorded in the fault docket shall only be taken 
into consideration for calculating the actual duration of faults.  
 

(xii) In case of any dispute arising regarding duration of fault etc, the Fault Docket as maintained at 
the NHAI or NHAI’s outsourced/in-house team shall be the guiding documents to be agreed by 
both parties. 
 

(xiii) The “Fault Docket” shall be filled with utmost care, giving all the details of the faults and other 
information. 
 

(xiv) Once the fault has been rectified and the system & services were restored to normalcy, the 
visiting engineer of the SUCCESSFUL BIDDER shall record in the fault docket document, the 
details of the works done by him/her for restoration of the faults and also record the details of 
steps to be taken and procedures to be followed for not only restoration of similar faults, but also 
for preventing the occurrence of similar faults in future. 
 

(xv) The Warranty support shall survive change of location of the equipment.    
 
11. WARRANTY SERVICE LEVEL REQUIREMENTS - SLA 

 
(i) Equipment Outage 

a) Equipment Outage is defined as an event when any failure occurs (even if the service is NOT 
interrupted) in any supplied equipment like Servers, Routers, Firewall, IP phones etc. 
(including modules/ power supply system(s)/software module etc.) that are a part of NHAI 
network. 

 
b) The Successful Bidder will be responsible for responding to complaints on Equipment 

Outage.  
 

(ii) Scheduled Downtime 
 

a) Scheduled downtime is defined as the period of time when NHAI services will remain 
unavailable for conducting necessary system activities like preventive maintenance, urgent 
repairs etc. This is the Maximum duration, which the Successful Bidder can take for 
Scheduled downtime purposes.  

b) The same would be carried out with a minimum advance notice of 24 hours in writing and 
subsequent acceptance of the same by NHAI.  

 
(iii) Mean Time To Resolve (MTTR) 
 

a) MTTR is defined as the arithmetic average of the time taken to attend to resolve the issues 
logged over a defined period of time. 
 

b) The Severity Levels for measuring MTTR are provided in the following table: 
Severity 

Level 
Definition 

High a) Any incident/ issue that relates to the equipment/servicescomplete 
failure or complete equipment failure or problems in services 
delivered to MoRT&H, HO & IDC (due to problems in Servers, 
Routers, Core switch,  storage and Firewall Services at HQ) where 
services to bulk or more than 25 users are getting impacted and not 
restored/rerouted. 

Low (i) Any incident/ issue that relates to the equipment problems (due to 
problems in Servers, Routers, Firewall&storage Services at HQ 
equipment), services to end user are impacted but immediately 
restored through rerouting or other mechanism 

(ii) Any other problems attributable to the Bidder in NHAI Offices 
including MoRT&H, HO and IDC. 

 



 

Page 32 of 80 

 
 

c) The various Service Level Requirements (SLAs) and related penalties for default are given 
below: 

Parame
ter 

Details 
Measurement 

criteria 
Penalties per hour of delay / per fault / 

per occasion 
Mean 
time to 
resolve 
(MTTR) 

(i) Within 6 Hours 
from the call 
logging time - for 
all High Severity 
events 
(ii) Within 24 
hours from the 
time of attending 
the problem for 
all Low severity 
events 
 

Calculation of 
fault duration 
per instance 
based on Fault 
Docket  

(i) For High Severity events, Rs. 
4000/- 
(ii) For Low Severity events, Rs. 
2000/- 
Delay will be counted in steps of one 
hour. 
The penalty will be applicable on per 
fault basis even if there is a 
commonality of fault at any point in 
the system causing full or part failure 
of service at more than one location in 
the network. 
Penalty will be deducted from the 
Performance Guarantee. 

 
d) After the expiry of Warranty contract period, it shall be optional for NHAI not to enter the 

Warranty contract further with the contractor.  
 

e) The Successful Bidder has to maintain adequate spares for maintaining the Service Level 
parameters as mentioned in the tender. Any cost involved to meet the SLAs specified below 
is to be borne by the Bidder. 
 

f) The Successful Bidder needs to maintain the Service Levels as follows: 
 99.5% of the times for the MTTR of High Severity Events where whole network is 

effected like both Core switches going down 
 95% of the times for the MTTR of Low Severity Events where part of network is effected 
 

g) In case the Service Level Requirements are violated continuously for a period of three 
months, the Purchaser reserves the right to terminate the Contract by giving a written notice 
of 30 days to the Successful Bidder. 

 
12. Documentation: The Successful Bidder has to submit all relevant documentation pertaining to the 

entire solution. This should minimally cover the User Manuals, Operation Manuals, Manufacturer 
Supplied Technical Documentation, Configuration of all the Devices, all relevant 
diagrams/documentation required in hard copy as well as soft-copy.  

 
13. Handover: After Acceptance of the respective sites (locations) are completed successfully, and 

the required on-site training at each site is successfully completed, the Bidder must properly 
handover each site’s installed components to the NHAI or the authorized agency of NHAI with all 
required documentation. Handover will include submission of the escalation matrix, handover of 
documentation. The Purchaser and/or its authorized agency/agencies will certify that the site has 
been handed over successfully with all requisite information for the sustenance of the system 
being made available and the required training(s) done.  

 
 



 

Page 33 of 80 

Appendix-A to Section III 
 

Part A – Active Equipment 

1. WAN Router  
 

S. No. Technical Requirements Compliance (Yes/No) 
1 General Hardware and Interface requirements  
1.1 Router should be chassis based and modular architecture with 

multicore processor for scalability and hot swappable 1:1 redundant 
internal power supply 

 

1.2 Router should have 4 nos. of 10/100/1000 Base-T Ports and at least 1 
SFP MM based ports. Additional 3 10G port shall be provided with 
Multimode SFP+ or XFP 

 

1.3 Router should have minimum 8 GB RAM and 8 GB Flash from day 1.  
1.4 Router should have DES, 3DES and AES Standards through dedicated 

encryption module/processor. Should support IPSec with IKEv2 and 
Suite-B Encryption. 

 

2 Performance Requirements: Router should have a minimum 10 Gbps 
of bandwidth and scalable to 20 Gbps. 

 

3 Routing Protocols  
3.1 Router should support static Routes, OSPFv2, OSPFv3, BGP4, MBGP, 

BFD, Policy based routing, IPv4 and IPv6 tunneling, IGMP v1/v2/v3 and 
PIM multicast routing. 

 

3.2 Should support other IP Services like GRE tunnel, IPv4 tunnel, IPv6 
tunnel, Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol (VRRP), Network Address 
Translation (NAT), Access Control Lists (ACLs). 

 

4 Quality of Service (QoS): Shall have 802.1p class of service, IP 
differentiated service code point (DSCP) and IP precedence. 

 

5. System Management and Administration  
5.1 Router should support SSHv2, SNMPv2c, SNMPv3, RADIUS and 

TACACS+, NTPv4, configuration rollback, software upgrades via TFTP 
or FTP 

 

5.2 Support for accounting of traffic flows for network planning and security 
purposes. Router shall provide application recognition through analysis 
of flows. 

 

5.3 Should support extensive support for best path selection based on 
metrics like delay, latency, jitter, packet loss to assure business-critical 
IP applications. 

 

5.4 Router should support monitoring of network traffic with application 
level insight with deep packet visibility into web traffic, RTP-Based VoIP 
traffic and cRTP 

 

5.5 Router shall have traffic load balancing capability on dual WAN Links 
based on based on advanced criteria, such as reach ability, delay, loss, 
jitter and bandwidth utilization. 

 

6 Regulatory Compliance  
6.1 Router shall conform to UL 60950 or IEC 60950 or CSA 60950 or EN 

60950 Standards for Safety requirements of Information Technology 
Equipment. EN 55022 Class A/B or CISPR22 Class A/B or CE Class 
A/B 

 

6.2 Router / Router’s Operating System should be tested and certified for 
EAL 2 or NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification  

 

6.3 Router should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready  
 
 



 

Page 34 of 80 

 

2. Core Switches 
 
S. 
No. 

Technical Requirements 
Compliance 
(Yes/No) 

1 General Hardware and Interface requirements  
1.1 Switch shall have minimum 48 nos. SFP+ ports loaded with 20 nos. of 1 Gig MMF 

Modules, 10 nos. of 1000 Base-T Modules and 10 nos. of 10 Gig MMF Modules. 
Switch shall have 4 nos. of 40 Gig QSFP ports and loaded with 2 SM Modules. 
Shall have 8GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage or higher 

 

1.2 Modular Chassis solution with all critical components like supervisor modules, 
fabric modules and controller modules should be redundant. Failure of one 
component must not degrade performance of switch. Shall have minimum 2 blank 
slot for scalability in addition to asked ports. 

 

1.3 Switch shall have hot swappable 1:1 redundant internal power supply and hot 
swappable fan modules. 

 

1.4 Switch shall have minimum 1.28 Tbps (2.56 Tbps in full duplex) switching 
bandwidth per slot. Shall support 40G and 100G for future requirements and 
minimum 1.28 Tbps of switching fabric scalable to 3.84 Tbps. 

 

1.5 Switch should be scalable to additional 96 no. of 10 Gig or 48 nos. of 40 Gig Ports   
2 Performance Requirements  
2.2 Shall have minimum 64K MAC Addresses and 4K Active VLANs.  

2.3 Shall have minimum 16K IPv4 and IPv6 unicast routes, 4K IPv4 and IPv6 multicast 
groups, minimum 4K IPv4 and IPv6 QoS and Security ACLs. 

 

2.4 Shall have Virtual Extensible LAN (VXLAN) bridging and routing feature with BGP 
based EVPN and shall have minimum nos. of 8K tunnel endpoint and VXLAN. 

 

2.8 Shall have static routing, OSPFv2, OSPFv3 and BGPv4. Policy based routing, 
virtual routing and forwarding feature. 

 

2.9 Shall have Protocol-independent multicast (PIM) for IP multicast routing is 
supported, including PIM sparse mode (PIM-SM)/PIM dense mode (PIM-DM)/PIM 
sparse-dense mode and source-specific multicast (SSM). 

 

3 IEEE Standards: Should support IEEE Standards of Ethernet: IEEE 802.1D, 
802.1s, 802.1w, 802.1x, 802.3ad, 802.3x, 802.1p, 802.1Q, 802.3, 802.3u, 
802.3ab, 802.3z. 

 

4 Quality of Service (QoS) requirements: Switch shall have 802.1p class of service, 
IP differentiated service code point (DSCP) and cross stack QoS, have minimum 8 
egress queues per port and strict priority queuing 

 

5. System Management and Administration  
5.1 Switch should support SSHv2, SNMPv2c, SNMPv3, RADIUS, TACACS+, Switch 

Port Analyzer (SPAN), Remote Switch Port Analyzer (RSPAN and NTPv4. 
 

5.3 Switch should support IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs, VLAN, Port and Time based access 
list with time ranges. Per port broadcast, multicast and unicast storm control. 
IGMP Snooping for IPv4 and IPv6, MLD v1 and v2 Snooping. 

 

5.4 Switch should be Software Defined Networking Ready with Openflow protocol 
support.  

 

6 Regulatory Compliance  
6.1 Switch shall conform to UL 60950 or IEC 60950 or CSA 60950 or EN 60950 

Standards for Safety requirements of Information Technology Equipment. 
 

6.2 Switch shall conform to EN 55022 Class A/B or CISPR22 Class A/B or CE Class 
A/B or FCC Class A/B Standards for EMC (Electro Magnetic Compatibility) 
requirements. 

 

7 Evaluation Compliance  
7.1 Switch / Switch’s Operating System should be tested and certified or in process of 

certification for EAL 2/NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification. 
 



 

Page 35 of 80 

7.2 Switch should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready.  
7.43 Core Switch Migration shall be done as per required configurations.  

3.  IP Phone 
 

S. 
No. 

Technical Requirements 
Compliance 

(Yes/No) 

  Type-1    

 1 
The IP Phone shall have minimum 3.5", backlit display. LED/LCD Indicator for 
Call Waiting and Message Waiting. SIP/H.323 protocol support   

 2 

Able to create Local Phone book with at least  25  contacts  as  well  as  pull  
information  from  the directory   

 3 

IP phones shall support industry standard audio codec viz. G.711 (A-law and Mu-
law), G.729a, G.722 audio codec. SRTP and TLS support for secure calling   

4 
The display shall provide features such as Date and Time, Calling Party Number 
and Digits Dialed.   

 5 

There shall be provision to provide electrical power to the IP  phones  either  
through  power  adapter  or  via  PoE (IEEE 802.3af) enabled Ethernet port.   

6 

It shall be possible to view call history for at least last 10 missed calls, 10 dialed 
calls and 10 received calls for each call taker desk.   

7 It shall be possible to set preferences such as Display Contrast   

8 Desk or wall mountable with optional wall mount adapter.   

9 
 Should be integrated with existing call manager and shall be from same OEM as 
the call manager   

  Type-2    

1 

The IP Phone shall have minimum 5" high resolution graphical display with 
integrated camera for video calling   

 2 

The  IP  phones  shall  support  industry  standard  audio codec viz. G.711 (A-law 
and Mu-law), G.729a, G.722 audio codec.   

 3 
The display shall provide features such as Date and Time, Calling Party Number 
and Digits Dialed.   

 4 
IP phones shall be able to work on SIP/H.323 protocols and H.264. SRTP and 
TLS support for secure calling   

 5 

There shall be provision to provide electrical power to the IP  phones  either  
through  power  adapter  or  via  PoE (IEEE 802.3af) enabled Ethernet port.   

6 

It shall be possible to view call history for at least last 10 missed calls, 10 dialed 
calls and 10 received calls for each call taker desk.   

 7 
The phone offers a built-in Gigabit Ethernet switch for both network connection 
and your PC connection   

 8 It shall be possible to set preferences such as Display Contrast    

 9 
Should be integrated with existing call manager and shall be from same OEM as 
the call manager   

 

4. Rack Server 
 
S. No. Technical Requirements Compliance 

(Yes/No) 
1 Processor: 2 CPU X Intel Xeon E5-2600-v4 2.2 GHz 8Core CPU or better   

 2 RAM: Shall have 24 DIMM slots and 64GB RAM shall be provided on day1   



 

Page 36 of 80 

 3 HDD:  1.2 TB 12G SAS with usable space after RAID-5, 1.8TB. Shall have 
additional two internal 32Gb or higher mirrored SD/USB Card based storage to 
host OS or hypervisor 

  

 4 RAID:  0,1,5   

 5 NIC: 2X1G   

 6 Power Supply: Redundant   

 7 Management: Dedicated interface, Remote Console, VGA, USB-Port. 
Management should be integrated with existing management window of 
existing Blade servers in the DC 

  

 8 Microsoft OS 2012 or higher standard   

9 Shall have 6 PCI Generation 3 slots with minimum 4 full length and full height  

 

5. Storage 
 
S. No Technical Requirement Compliance 

(Yes / No) 

1 The solution must provide hyper converged software that allows delivery of 
enterprise-class storage services using latest x86 server infrastructures 
without dependence on a separate Storage Area Network & associated 
components such as SAN Switches & HBAs. 

 

2 The proposed solution must be a factory shipped engineered & integrated 
system. All the components of solution such as compute nodes, hypervisor 
OS, storage disks, management software must be factory installed and 
shipped ready for fast deployment. 

 

3 The storage solution must support scaling hyperconverged node (compute 
storage), compute-only or storage-only (HDDs) independent of each other 
under a single cluster.  

 

4 
No single point of failure in the solution 

 

5 

Maximum Configuration. The storage solution software license version must 
be quoted for maximum scalability on day 1. 

 

7 The proposed solution must have min. 4 nos. of Server nodes in Hyper-
converged system. Each server node must have dedicated redundant hot 
swap power supplies & cooling fans. 

 

8 Min 2 Nos. of 2.2 GHz E5-2600v4 16C/ per CPUs per server node. All 
software features turned on/maximum performance of the STORAGE 
SOLUTION node. 

 

9 Min. 8 qty of 32GB DDR4-2400-MHz RDIMM/PC4-19200/dual rank/x4/1.2v 
per server node. All software features turned on/maximum performance of the 
storage solution node. 

 

10 

The hypervisor OS must be in redundant boot drives for high availably of boot 
partition on each node. 

 

11 Min. 18 nos. of hot swap 1.2T SAS 10K RPM or higher HDDs for capacity tie 
and min 1 *1.6 TB SSD for tiring & caching per server node. The hypervisor 
OS must be in redundant boot drives for high availability of boot partition on 
each server node. The HDDs must be presented via pass through mode 
without any hardware RAID on every server node. If using HDDs lower than 
10K RPM, the vendor must quote 2X HDDs per server node to deliver optimal 
performance. 

 



 

Page 37 of 80 

12 It should be a distributed scalable architecture. The Hyperconvergence 
software must pool all SSDs from all the nodes in the cluster to present a 
single storage cache pool & all HDD's from all nodes to present a single 
storage resource pool across the nodes.  If the vendor solution does not 
support a single storage cache pool across nodes, the vendor must quote 
minimum 3 nos. SSD cache tier per node to deliver optimal performance.  

 

13 Must support Inline Deduplication across SSD & HDD (all storage tiers). In 
case, the vendor solution does not support inline deduplication on HDD tier, 
the vendor must quote 150 % more storage for the solution. 

 

14 The solution must be configured with minimum of 35 TB usable storage 
capacity with RF=2 data replication policy solution must support various data 
replication methods (RF=2 & RF=3) for data protection. Any software license 
required to enable RF=2 & RF=3 must be quoted on day 1. 

 

15 
Min. 2 * 10Gbps network ports per server node. 

 

16 The solution must include integrated network switch in the solution/ should 
connect to existing network switch to run the solution.  In case integrating to 
existing network switch The solution should include necessary cables, 
licenses for ports, uplink ports, SFP’s. Solution must support network QoS at 
TOR switch and also at network adapter on server side to streamline network 
traffic to improve network traffic filtering and segmentation. Shall be provided 
with required virtualization/Hypervisor license 

 

 

6. Network Management System 
 

S. 
No. 

Technical Requirement Compliance 
(Yes / No) 

1 NMS shall be able to monitor and configure devices as part of this RFP including 
new purchase and the Networking elements as part of the AMC (should be 
proposed against the proposed devices) and should have scalability to manage 
up to 5000 devices in future. NMS shall be able to manage both wired and 
wireless networks in single pane of glass management. 

 

2 NMS should be scalable to provide Deep application visibility on the WAN links, 
NetFlow/Sflow, application recoganization or packet inspection to recognize a 
wide variety of applications   and SNMP .NMS should be able to provide Network 
topology . 

 

3 NMS solution should deliver pinpoint visibility into the who, what, when, where, 
and how of wireless access through its own data collection and key integrations. It 
should support spatial / floor mapping; integrated location-based tracking of client 

 

4 Should provide a customizable at-a-glance summary of all discovered devices 
and existing network switches to proactively identify problem areas and help 
prevent network downtime. The network has to be manageable at Network 
Operations Center (NOC) and through secured browser. 

 

5 Should be able to discover, configure, monitor, manage, and deploy 
configurations to dynamically update groups of devices.  

  

6 Should allow flexible definitions of administrator roles and responsibilities with role 
based access control for different teams. 

  

7 Should enable performance management by providing customizable dashboards 
and historical data visibility  

  

8 Should be able to generate reports designed to summarize utilization of and traffic   



 

Page 38 of 80 

patterns on network interfaces. 

9 Should allow administrators to track device configuration changes, enabling 
viewing, retrieval, and restoration of configuration files, and monitoring of 
configuration drift for troubleshooting purposes.  

The system design should provide access to only authorized users, RBAC and by 
using Secure Digital Certificates to completely trace back an individual user, in 
case of Cyber Crime or any other cyber investigation, as per the NHAI HQ 
security policy of Govt. of India policy/guidelines 

  

 

7. Edge Switches 
 

S. No. Technical Requirement 
Compliance 
(Yes/No) 

1 General Hardware and Interface requirements  
1.1 Switch should have minimum 12 nos. 10G SFP+ ports with 6 populated SFP+ 

(MM)/XFP transceivers. 
 

1.2 Switch shall have minimum 240 Gbps of stacking bandwidth with dedicated 
stacking ports and cables. With 1:1 redundant hot swappable internal power 
supplies. Fan modules and transceivers modules should be hot swappable. 

 

2 Performance Requirements  
2.1 Switch shall have minimum 320 Gbps of switching fabric and 227 Mpps of 

forwarding rate. 
 

2.2 Shall have minimum 32K MAC Addresses, 1000 active VLANs, 15K IPv4 and 
IPv6 unicast routes 

 

2.3 Shall have RIP,OSPF and OSPFv3, Protocol-independent multicast (PIM) for IP 
multicast routing is supported, including PIM sparse mode (PIM-SM)/PIM dense 
mode (PIM-DM)/PIM sparse-dense mode and source-specific multicast (SSM). 

 

3 IEEE Standards: Should support IEEE Standards of Ethernet: IEEE 802.1D, 
802.1s, 802.1w, 802.1x, 802.3ad, 802.3x, 802.1p, 802.1Q, 802.3, 802.3u, 
802.3ab, 802.3z. 

 

4 Quality of Service (QoS): Switch shall have 802.1p class of service, IP 
differentiated service code point (DSCP) and cross stack QoS. Minimum 8 egress 
queue per port, committed information rate, rate limiting and flow based rate 
limiting, strict queuing/priority. 

 

5. System Management and Administration  
5.1 Switch should support SSHv2, SNMPv2c, SNMPv3, SPAN, RSPAN and NTP.  
5.2 Switch should support AAA using RADIUS and TACACS+ based on standard  
5.3 Switch should support port security, DHCP snooping, Dynamic ARP inspection, 

IP Source guard, BPDU Guard, Spanning tree root guard and IPv6 First Hop 
Security. 

 

5.4 Switch should support IPv4 and IPv6 ACLs, VLAN, Port and Time based access 
list with time ranges. Per port broadcast, multicast and unicast storm control. 

 

5.5 Switch shall have Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) Snooping for 
Ipv4 and Ipv6, MLD v1 and v2 Snooping and Multicast VLAN Registration 
protocol. Switch should be Software Defined Networking Ready 

 

6 Evaluation Compliance  
6.1 Switch / Switch’s Operating System should be tested and certified for EAL 

2/NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification. 
 

6.2 Switch should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready.  

8. Distribution Switch 
 

S. No. Technical Requirement Compliance 



 

Page 39 of 80 

(Yes/No) 
1 General Hardware and Interface requirements  
1.1 Switch should have minimum 16 nos. 10G SFP+/XFP ports and should be 

populated with 10 MM trans 
 

1.2 Switch shall have minimum 240 Gbps of stacking bandwidth with dedicated 
stacking ports, 300 Gbps switching capacity and cables and 200Mpps of 
forwarding Rate 

 

1.3 Switch should have 1:1 redundant internal power supply. Power supply modules, 
fan modules and transceivers modules should be hot swappable. 

 

1.4 Shall have minimum 32K MAC Addresses, 1000active VLAN, 16k IPv4 and 
16IPv6 unicast routes 

 

1.5 Shall have RIP, OSPF, OSPFv3, Protocol-independent multicast (PIM) for IP 
multicast routing is supported, including PIM sparse mode (PIM-SM)/PIM dense 
mode (PIM-DM)/PIM sparse-dense mode and source-specific multicast (SSM). 

 

2 IEEE Standards: Should support IEEE Standards of Ethernet: IEEE 802.1D, 
802.1s, 802.1w, 802.1x, 802.3ad, 802.3x, 802.1p, 802.1Q, 802.3, 802.3u, 
802.3ab, 802.3z. 

 

3 Quality of Service (QoS): Switch shall have 802.1p class of service, IP 
differentiated service code point (DSCP) and cross stack QoS. Committed 
information rate, rate limiting, flow based rate limiting and minimum 8 egress 
queues per port 

 

4. System Management and Administration  
4.1 Switch should support SSHv2, SNMPv2c, SNMPv3, RADIUS,TACACS, SPAN 

and RSPAN 
 

4.2 Switch should support port security, DHCP snooping, Dynamic ARP inspection, 
IP Source guard, BPDU Guard, Spanning tree root guard and IPv6 First Hop 
Security. 

 

4.3 Switch shall have Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) Snooping for Ipv4 
and Ipv6, MLD v1 and v2 Snooping and Multicast VLAN Registration protocol. 

 

4.4 Switch shall have per port broadcast, multicast and unicast storm control.  
4.5 Switch should be Software Defined Networking Ready with Openflow protocol 

support. 
 

5 Evaluation Compliance  
5.1 Switch / Switch’s Operating System should be tested and certified for EAL 

2/NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification. 
 

5.2 Switch should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready.  

9. Firewall 
 

S. No Technical Requirement Compliance 
(Yes / No) 

1 The appliance based security platform with multicore CPU should be capable of 
providing firewall, URL Filtering, IPS and Anti Malware Protection with required 
license should be provided 

  

2 The appliance should have min 12 no. of 10/100/1000 Base-T Gigabit Ethernet 
ports plus 4 x 10G SFP+ port 

  

3 The appliance hardware should be a multicore CPU architecture with a hardened 
64 bit operating system to support higher memory 

  

4 Proposed Firewall  should  not  be  proprietary  based  in  nature  & should be 
open architecture based on multi-core CPU's to protect & scale against dynamic 
latest security threats. 

  

5 Firewall shall have hot swappable 1:1 redundant internal power supply   

6 Firewall    should    support    stateful    failover    of    sessions    in 
Active/Standby and Active/Active mode 

  



 

Page 40 of 80 

7 Should have minimum Firewall throughput with multiple protocol of 4.5 Gbps. 
Real world profile should include but not limited to HTTP, Bit Torrent, FTP , SMTP 
and IMAPv4 

  

8 Firewall should support DES, 3DES/ AES IPSec VPN throughput of minimum 1.5 
Gbps. Should support minimum 7,000 cumulative VPN including IPSec  

  

9 Firewall concurrent sessions 2M or higher   

10 Firewall should support URL/AVC filtering, antimalware prevention with licenses 
to be provided   

11 Firewall should have integrated intrusion prevention system   
13 Firewall should be provided with management software   
 
10. Wireless Access Point (Indoor) 

S.No Technical Requirement 
Compliance 
(Yes / No) 

1 
Wall/Ceiling mounted Wi-Fi access-point suitable for indoor use with at least 2 
10/100/1000Mbps Ethernet ports supporting standard 802.3af/at POE+.   

2 

802.11ac AP should operate in 2.4 GHz (450 Mbps or more) and 5 GHz 
simultaneously and capable of minimum 1.7Gbps on 5 Ghz for 802.11ac clients 
supporting minimum 4x4 MIMO with 4 spatial streams. It must support minimum 3 
concurrent MU-MIMO users.   

3 
Should support minimum 16x BSSID per AP. Should have OperatingTemperature 
of 0-40 Deg Centigrade   

4 

The access point should be capable of performing security scanning and 
servingclients on the same radio. It should be also capable of performing RF 
analysis and security scanning using same radio.   

5 

Must support minimum 22dbm of transmit power in both 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz radios 
and minimum 3dB antenna gain. AP should support 20MHz, 40MHz and 80MHz 
channel size.   

6 AP should support band steering and load balance across bands and AP's   

7 
Security mechanisms should be in place to protect the communication between 
the Access Point controller and the Access Points   

8 
The access point should support WPA2 enterprise authentication and AES/CCMP 
encryption.   

9 
AP should support 802.11k for Radios Resource management and 802.11r for 
fast roaming.    

10 
Implement Wi-Fi alliance standards WMM, 802.11d, 802.11h and 802.11e and 
should support VoWLAN    

11 AP must support L7 Application Identification and spectrum analysis functions    

12 

AP should support Minimum -90dB Receiving sensitivity. AP should support 
Receiver sensitivity Threshold to reduce noise reception in the AP to increase 
SNR and performance    

13 

802.11 a/b/g/n/ac wave 2 functionality certified by the Wi-Fi alliance, Should be 
plenum rated (UL2043), and RF transmission power should be approved by 
WPC.    

 

11. Wireless LAN Controller  

S.No. Technical Requirement 
Compliance 
(Yes / No) 

1 
Must be compliant with IEEE CAPWAP for controller-based WLANs or equivalent 
feature and it should be appliance based.   

2 
WLC should support IPv4 and IPv6 including IEEE 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 
802.11d, WMM/802.11e, 802.11n, 802.11ac standards.   



 

Page 41 of 80 

3 
WLC must have minimum 4 x 1G SFP of uplink interfaces and should be 
populated with Base-T ports from day 1   

4 

WLC should support up to 75 Access points day 1 and up to 6,000 Devices in a 
single chassis. It should be scalable to 500 AP's through single appliance or 
through cluster with single interface management of all WLC's. It should also 
support AP license migration from one WLC to other, in case of future up 
gradation.   

5 
WLC Must provide Active: Active with 1+1 or N+1 redundancy. The controllers 
shall be implemented in HA mode.    

6 

WLC should provide air-time fairness between these different speed clients – 
slower clients should not be starved by the faster clients and faster clients should 
not adversely affected by slower clients.   

7 
WLC Must support an ability to dynamically adjust channel, power settings and 
airtime, based on the RF environment.   

8 WLC should support L2/L3 discovery for AP's   

9 

Should support adhere to the strictest level of security standards, including 
802.11i Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2), WPA, 802.1X with multiple Extensible 
Authentication Protocol (EAP) and 802.1x Authentication.   

10 
Controller should support WIDS/WIPS includes rogue AP detection, classification 
and automatic containment feature and prevention for DOS attacks.   

11 

WLC should support L2/L3/L4 Access Control and L2 Client Isolation so User 
cannot access each other’s devices. Isolation should have option to apply on AP 
or SSID's   

12 
Controller/System should support Access Control based on Identity/Role/ 
Device/Time or Application.   

13 Must support client roaming in L2/L3 networks and also across controllers   

14 
Controller should support integrated or External AAA servers including Microsoft 
AD and Linux based open source AAA.   

15 

The Controller/System should support L7 Application/OS/Device finger printing 
and device type based policies i.e allow or deny, Bandwidth rate limit, VLAN 
mapping   

16 
Wireless Network should support deep packet inspection for all user traffic across 
Layer 4-7 network to analyses information about applications usage   

17 
The controller/System should be able to raise critical alarms by sending an email 
and/ or SMS.   

18 Per SSID or dynamic Per user bandwidth Rate Limiting   

19 
Support advanced multicast features and WMM support to provide best 
performance on Video applications.   

20 
Controller/ System should have BYOD features and should support integrated/ 
and external captive portal integration   

21 

System should provide a web-based application that allows non-technical staff to 
create Guest accounts with validity for fixed duration like hours or days and 
restricted to number of devices. Password to guest should be sharedover Email 
and SMS (SMS gateway services shall be provided by NHAI in case Service is 
required).   

22 Proposed solution should be an Appliance based solution   

12. POE Layer2 Switch 
 

S. No. Technical Requirement 
Compliance 
(Yes/No) 

1 General Hardware and Interface requirements  
1.1 Switch shall have minimum 48 nos. 10/100/1000 Base-T ports with PoE+ 

capability and minimum 360W of PoE Power and additional 2 nos. SFP+ 
 



 

Page 42 of 80 

uplink ports.  
1.2 Switch shall have dedicated slot for minimum 80 Gbps of stacking bandwidth 

with dedicated stacking ports  
 

1.3 Switch should support internal/external redundant power supply.  

2 Performance Requirements  
2.1 Shall have minimum 88 Gbps of switching fabric and 65 Mpps of forwarding 

rate. 
 

2.2 Shall have minimum 16K MAC Addresses, 1K Active VLANs, 1K IPv4 and 
IPv6 multicast groups, 1K IPv4 and IPv6 QoS and Security ACLs 

 

3 IEEE Standards: Should support IEEE Standards of Ethernet: IEEE 802.1D, 
802.1s, 802.1w, 802.1x, 802.3ad, 802.3x, 802.1p, 802.1Q, 802.3, 802.3u, 
802.3ab, 802.3z. 

 

4 Quality of Service (QoS): Switch shall have 802.1p class of service, IP 
differentiated service code point (DSCP) and cross stack QoS. Committed 
information rate, rate limiting, flow based rate limiting and minimum 8 egress 
queues per port 

 

5 System Management and Administration  
5.1 Switch should support SSHv2, SNMPv2c, SNMPv3, RADIUS,TACACS, 

SPAN and RSPAN 
 

5.2 Switch should support port security, DHCP snooping, Dynamic ARP 
inspection, IP Source guard, BPDU Guard, Spanning tree root guard and 
IPv6 First Hop Security. 

 

5.3 Switch shall have Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) Snooping for 
Ipv4 and Ipv6, MLD v1 and v2 Snooping 

 

5.4 Switch shall have per port broadcast, multicast and unicast storm control.  
6 Evaluation Compliance  
6.1 Switch / Switch’s Operating System should be tested and certified for EAL 

2/NDPP or above under Common Criteria Certification. 
 

6.2 Switch should be IPv6 Certified/IPv6 logo ready.  
 

13. AAA/NAC 
 
S. No. Technical Requirement Compliance 

(Yes / No) 

1 Proposed AAA solution should be an Appliance based solution.  

2 Proposed solution must support integration and security for both wired and 
wireless infrastructure. It should be ready to handle 1000 users and 1500 
concurrent Devices from day1 and scalable for up to 6000 users and 12000 
Devices. Devices are mixture of guest users, institute staff, machine 
endpoints. 

 

3 AAA should support BYOD with Self-service authorization and device 
provisioning via open network. 

 

4 It must allow for Machine Authentication (or an appropriate alternative) by 
AD-joined Windows laptops/tablets allowing wireless connection before user 
logon.  

 

5 The Solution should have detailed reporting capabilities in conjunction with 
NMS based on sharing contextual sharing between AAA and NMS. AAA must 
issue certificates to mobile devices like Tabs/iPads - to allow machine 
authentication for non-AD joined devices.  

 

6 The proposed solution should have Built-in user database with per 
device/user credential management and should also provide Seamless 

 



 

Page 43 of 80 

backend integration with RADIUS, AD, LDAP 

7 Solution should be Threat-Centric and conduct scan test for vulnerability 
assessment of Endpoint devices and control access based on endpoint’s 
threat score Solution should be Threat-Centric and conduct scan test for 
vulnerability assessment of Endpoint devices and control access based on 
endpoint’s threat score.  

 

8 Proposed solution should address (but not limited to) the below requirements:  

Intuitive user/device management and Unified device visibility and reporting  

Self-service 802.1X and guest access. Should also have option for MAC 
authentication for selective devices and Social Login. 

 

Integrated AAA server with key policy definitions. Should also support 
integration with external AAA server and CA server. 

 

9 AAA should be able to integrate with existing user databases like Microsoft 
AD/LDAP/Certificate Authority 

 

10 It should be scalable to enforce device-specific settings for antivirus, firewall 
and OS patches, passcodes, NAC, proxies 

 

11 It should be able to enforce custom user and device privileges  

 

PART B – Passive, Cables and Racks 
 
This Section Includes: 

 
1. Copper Components 
2. Fiber components 
3. Labeling and administration  
4. Cabinet 
5. PVC Components  

1 Copper Solution 
 

1.1 CABLE CAT-6A U/UTP 
 

S. No Generic Requirement 
Compliance(Yes/N

O) 

1 

Exceeds requirements of ANSI/TIA-568-C.2,ISO/IEC 11801 Class EA 
Category      6A channel standards.   

2 
Meets requirements of IEEE 802.3af and IEEE 802.3at for PoE 
applications   

3 Cable diameter :7.239 mm, (0.285 in) nominal   

4 

High performance, Category 6A, low smoke zero halogen (LSZH), 4-pair, 
UTP copper cable. Copper conductors are 23 AWG constructions  

  

5    Flame rating: LSZH   

6    Operating temperature range: -20 °C to +60 °C (-4 °F to +140 °F)   

7    Installation tension: 110 N (25 lbf) maximum   

8     Channel characterized to 550 MHz above the standard.   

9 

   Descending length cable markings enable easy identification of 
remaining cable which reduces installation time and cable scrap   

10  Smoke Test Method  : IEC 61034-2   



 

Page 44 of 80 

11  ROHS: Compliant   

1.2 MODULE 
 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/NO) 

1  Housing Material : High-impact, flame retardant, thermoplastic   

2 

  Exceed requirements of ANSI/TIA-568-C.2 Category 6A, IEEE 802.3an-2006, and 
ISO 11801 Class EA channel standards   

3   UL Flammability Rating : UL 94V-0   

4   Termination Method to Wire/Cable : Insulation Displacement Crimp (IDC)   

5  Exceed requirements of IEC 61156-5 Category 6A component standards   

6   Meet requirements of IEEE 802.3af and IEEE 802.3at for PoE applications   

7  Category 6A, RJ45, 8-position, 8-wire universal module.   

8 RoHS Compliant   

9  Terminate 4-pair, 22 – 26 AWG, 100 ohm, solid or stranded twisted pair cable   

10 Universal termination cap is color-coded for T568A and T568B wiring schemes   

11  Accept 6 and 8-position modular plugs without damage.   

12  Plug Insertion Life, minimum : 750   
 

 

1.3 Patch Panel 
 

S No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/NO) 

1   24-port with labels   

2 Allow labeling scheme and port identification to be visible at all times   

3  Allow front access to installed modules for easy moves, adds and changes   

4 

Accept 8-position, 8-wire universal module for UTP, fiber optic, and audio/video, 
which snap in and out for easy moves, adds, and changes   

5 Mount to standard EIA 19" racks or 23" racks with optional extender brackets   

6 RoHS Compliant    
 

 

1.4 Patch Cord 
 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/NO) 

1 

 Exceed ANSI/TIA-568-C.2 Category 6A and ISO 11801 Class EA Edition 2.1 
standards for all frequencies from 1 to 500 MHz   

2  Meet requirements of IEEE 802.3af and IEEE 802.3at for PoE applications   

3  Each patch cord is 100% performance tested and wired T568B   

4  Slender strain relief boot provides easy access in high density applications   

5 

Perform in center of TIA/EIA component range, ensuring interoperability and 
excellent performance   

6 

Labels on patch cords provide identification of performance level, length, and 
quality control number   

7  RoHS Compliant    

8  Operating Temperature Range : 10 °C to +60 °C (+14 °F to +140 °F)   

9 Flammability Rating : LSZH (Low Smoke Zero Halogen)   



 

Page 45 of 80 

1.5 Face Plate 
 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/NO) 

1 Individual modules snap in and out of provided insert   

2 Single or double gang configurations   

3 Excellent for copper and fiber applications   

4 Shutters protect modules when not in use   

5 

86 x 86mm single gang faceplate frame and one 1/2 size sloped shuttered module 
insert. Depth to rear of modules: 18.0mm   

6 RoHS Compliant    
 

 

2 Fiber Solution 

2.1 Fiber Cable: 
 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/No)

1  1 run of Inter Building backbone cable shall meet multimode OM4 performance.   

2  1 run of Inter Building backbone cable shall meet multimode OS2 performance.   

3  Intra Building backbone shall meet Multimode OM3 performance.   

4 Fiber cable shall be indoor/Outdoor all dielectric rated.   

5 Flammability Rating : LSZH (Low Smoke Zero Halogen)   

6 Installation Temperature  : -30 °C to +60 °C (-22 °F to +140 °F)   

7 Operating Temperature: -40 °C to +70 °C (-40 °F to +158 °F)   

8 Storage Temperature   : -40 °C to +75 °C (-40 °F to +167 °F)   

9 Inter building backbone fiber count shall be 24 fiber.   

10 Intra building backbone fiber count shall be 12 fiber.   

11 Mounting: Integral mounting flange for installation in 19" wide EIA-310 racks   

12 Loaded with fiber pigtails and splice holder   

13  Drawer concept allows For :   

  (a)  Easy access to splicing tray   

   (b) Easy access to back side of connector   

14 TIA-606-A compatible labeling.   
 

 

2.2 Fiber PATCH CORDS 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/No)

1  Pass all TIA/EIA-568-B.3 performance requirements   

2  Insertion loss per connection: .30dB maximum at each end.   

3  Factory terminated and 100% tested for insertion loss   

4  Backward compatible for use with all 50/125μm system requirements.   

5  Insertion loss data recorded for every multimode patch cord   

6  Flammability Rating : LSZH (Low Smoke Zero Halogen)   
 

 
Note: All Single mode fiber components shall be standard compliant. 
 
 

3. LABELLING & IDENTIFICATION SOLUTIONS 
 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/NO) 



 

Page 46 of 80 

1 

  The Labeling & Identification Solution should Meet or exceed the requirements of 
UL, CSA, and TIA/EIA-606-B standards.   

2 

 All components of the infrastructure should be labeled, including, but not limited to 
the following:   

  a.   Copper Cabling should be labeled with self-laminating labels.   

  

b.   Patch Panels and Fiber Enclosures with dedicated label insert locations should 
be labeled.   

  c.   Punch-Down Blocks should be labeled with adhesive component labels.   

  

d.   Faceplates with dedicated label insert locations should be labeled with  non-
adhesive component labels   

  

e.   Faceplates without dedicated label insert locations should be labeled with  
adhesive component labels   

  f.    Telecommunication Spaces should be identified with  component labels   

  

g.   Equipment and Panels should be identified with  component labels and marked 
with the appropriate safety markings and warnings in accordance with local 
regulatory requirements   

  h.   Circuit Boards should be labeled with polyimide component labels.   

3 

   Labeling Software should be part of a complete system for identification designed 
to efficiently support TIA/EIA-606-B standard labeling requirements. 

  

4. CABINETS 
 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/No) 

1 

(42,) RU 800 x 1000mm and 1200mm Wide Cabinet Modular cable management 
fingers easily mount to the front and/or back of all four cabinet posts 

  

2   Adjustable rear equipment rails with infinite positioning    

3   Conforms to DIN 41494 or Equivalent EIA /ISO / EN / CEA Standard   

4  Numbered U positions   

5 Universal 25MM Pitch Holes For ETSI Standard Racks   

6 

State-of-the-art manufacturing methods provide the best product quality and 
fastest delivery in the industry.   

7 

Powder coated finish with Seven tank pretreatment process meeting ASTM 
standard   

8 

100% assured compatibility with all equipment’s conforming to DIN 41494 
(General industrial standard for equipment’s)   

5. PVC Components 
 

S. No Generic Requirement Compliance(Yes/No) 

1 All PVC Components shall be ISI Marked and approved.   

2 All PVC components shall be minimum Medium grade.   

3 HDPE pipe shall be equipped with rope.   

4 All accessories shall be with same grade.   
 
VC Conduit shall be FRLS rated. 

 
 

Appendix-B to Section IV 
Important Note:- 

 
The bidder/vendor/tenderer should have full-fledged /fully equipped service center at Delhi NCR 



 

Page 47 of 80 

 
1.  Installation of the system & training for a minimum period of a week will have to be arranged by 

the vendor. In case installation/training charges are to be paid extra, the same MUST be specified 
in the offer, failing which the offered rates will be treated as inclusive of installation/training 
charges.Name and postal address of the agency who will provide after sales service MUST be 
clearly mentioned in your offer. Installation and training clauses MUST be clearly mentioned in 
your offer (both in technical and commercial bids). 

 
2.  The equipment quoted shall be complete in every respect with all mounting, fittings, fixtures and 

standard accessories needed for installation and safe operation, though some of them may not 
have been detailed in the technical specification.  

 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS:- 
 
i.  After sales service – the supplier should have full fledge workshop to provide after sales and 

support service. 
ii. Demonstration of equipments / goods should be arranged at the supplier’s expense.  
iii. The offer should be for the reputed brands of item and detail specifications should be furnished 

for each items. 
iv. A complete list of optional utilities along with specifications and cost should be given. 
v.  Installation and satisfactory operation of the supplied items will be the responsibility of the 

supplier 
vi.      The free services, warranty, up gradation, maintenance and other facilities provided should be 

specified along with conditions if any. 
vii.  Catalogue/Technical literature drawing to be attached with the tender document. 
viii.  List of customers / offices may be mentioned to whom the items has been supplied and 

performance certificate, if any. 
  



 

Page 48 of 80 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SECTION – V 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
PREFERENCE TO DOMESTICALLY MANUFACTURED ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS IN 

GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENT 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

  



 

Page 49 of 80 

1. Policy for Preference to domestically manufactured electronic products in Government 
procurement as per Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY), Ministry of 
Communication and Information Technology vide Notification No.33(3)/2013-IPHW dated 
23/12/2013 has been promulgated and is being adhered to.  

 

2. Purchaser reserves the right for providing preference to domestically manufactured electronic 
products in terms of the Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) Notification 
No.33(3)/2013-IPHW dated 23.12.2013 read with Notification No.33(3)/2013-IPHW dated 
22/05/2014 and Guidelines issued there under through Notification No. 8(78)/2010-IPHW dated 
12/06/2013.  A copy of the aforesaid Notifications / Guidelines can be downloaded from DeitY website 
i.e. URL www.deity.gov.in/esdm. Purchase preference for domestic manufacturer, methodology of its 
implementation, value addition to be achieved by domestic manufacturers, self-certification, and 
compliance and monitoring shall be as per the aforesaid Guidelines/ Notifications. The Guidelines may be 
treated as an integral part of the tender documents.  

 

1) The modalities through which the preference for Domestically Manufactured Electronic 
Products (DMEPs) shall be operated are as follows:  

 

a) The electronic products for which preference will be provided to domestic 
manufacturers shall be Servers,Core/Edge/Enterprise Ethernet Switches, Hubs, etc. , 
CPE  and Network Management systems.(Item Description) 

b) The quantity of procurement for which preference will be provided to domestic 
manufactures shall be 30% of the total tendered quantity.  

c) Percentage of domestic value addition, which qualifies the electronic product 
i.e.Servers,Core/Edge/EnterpriseEthernet Switches, Hubs, etc. , CPE  and  Network 
Management systemsto be classified as domestically manufactured shall be  

25%(Percentage of domesticvalue addition in terms of BOM of domestic 
manufacturers for first year then increased at 30%, 35%, 40%,45% consequently for 
next four years) for the financial year from 01/04/2016 to 31/03/2017. 

d) The preference to DMEP shall be subject to meeting technical specifications and 
matching L1 price.  

 

2) Domestic manufacturers are required to indicate the domestic value addition in terms of BoM 
for the quoted product, in terms of aforesaid guidelines, in their bid in the following format:   

 

 Format for Domestic Value Addition in terms of Guidelines issued for procurement of notified 
electronic products by Government  

 

Item 
No. 

Item Description 
Manufacturer/ 
Supplier 

Country of 
Origin 

Value 

Domestic  

Value  

Addition in 
Percentage 

1       

2       
....n      

 

3) Bidders, claiming to bid in the status of domestic manufacturer, are required to give an 
undertaking in the format as given as Form 1 of the guidelines Notification No. 
8(78)/2010IPHW dated 12/06/2013. Furnishing of false information on this account shall 
attract penal provisions as per Guidelines/Notification.  

 

4) Procedure for award of contacts involving procurement from domestic manufacturers will 
be guided by policy mentioned above.  



 

Page 50 of 80 

Form 1  
 

Format for Affidavit of Self Certification regarding Domestic Value Addition in an Electronic 
Product to be provided on A100/- Stamp Paper.  

Date : ........................  
 

I _________________________ S/o, D/o, W/o _____________________, Resident of 
_______________________________________________do hereby solemnly affirm and declare as 
under.  
 

That I will agree to abide by the terms and conditions of the policy of Government of India issued vide 
Notification No.33 (3)/2013-IPHW dated 23.12.2013 
 

That the information furnished hereinafter is correct to best of my knowledge and belief and I undertake 
to produce relevant records before the procuring authority or any authority so nominated by the 
Department of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India for the purpose of assessing 
the domestic value-addition.  
 

That the domestic value addition for all inputs which constitute the said electronic products has been 
verified by me and I am responsible for the correctness of the claims made therein.   
 

That in the event of the domestic value addition of the product mentioned herein is found to be incorrect 
and not meeting the prescribed value-addition norms, based on the assessment of an authority so 
nominated by the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India for the 
purpose of assessing the domestic value-addition.  I will be disqualified from any Government tender for 
a period of 36 months.  In addition, I will bear all costs of such an assessment.  
 

That I have complied with all conditions referred to in the Notification No., wherein preference to 
domestically manufactured electronic products in Government procurement is provided and that the 
procuring authority is hereby authorised to forfeit and adjust my EMD and other security amount towards 
such assessment cost and I undertake to pay the balance, if any, forthwith.  
 

I agree to maintain the following information in the Company’s record for a period of 8 years and shall 
make this available for verification to any statutory authorities :   
 

• Name and details of the Domestic Manufacturer (Registered Office, Manufacturing unit 
location, nature of legal entity)  

• Date on which this certificate is issued.  
 

• Electronic Product for which the certificate is produced.  
• Procuring agency to whom the certificate is furnished.   
 

• Percentage of domestic value addition claimed.   
 

• Name and contact details of the unit of the manufacturer.   
 

• Sale Price of the product.   
 

• Ex-Factory Price of the product.   
 

• Freight, Insurance and handling.   
 

• Total Bill of Material.   
 

• List and total cost value of inputs used for manufacture of the electronic product.   
 

• List and total cost of inputs which are domestically sourced.  Please attach certificates from 
suppliers, if the input is not in-house.   

 

• List and cost of inputs which are imported, directly or indirectly.  
 

For and on behalf of ____________________________________ (Name of firm/entity)  
 

Authorised signatory (To be duly authorised by the Board of Directors) 
Name, Designation and Contact No.  



 

Page 51 of 80 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

PART-II 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

FORMS FOR  
SUBMISSION OF BIDS 

 
 
 
 
 
 

  



 

Page 52 of 80 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SECTION – VI 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

FORMS FOR  
SUBMISSION OF TECHNICALBID 

 



 

Page 53 of 80 

Form-T1 
 

(As per e-form for technical bid) 
 
To, 

GeneralManager(IT) 
NationalHighwaysAuthorityofIndia(NHAI), 
G 5&6,Sector–10,Dwarka, 
NewDelhi –110075 

 
 
Subject: Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Security and Wi-
Fi 

systems. 
 
Reference:  NHAI/11013/IT/WI-FI/2017 Dated: 19 JUNE 2017 
 
 
Sir, 

 
We, the undersigned, offer to provide the services for the above mentioned project in 

accordance with your Tender Notice referred above. The technical proposal in the prescribed 
proforma is submitted for consideration. 

 
2. We undertake that, in competing for (and, if the award is made to us, in executing) the above 
Contract, we will strictly observe the laws against fraud and corruption in force in India namely “Prevention 
of Corruption Act 1988”. We understand that NHAI is not bound to accept the lowest or any Bid received 
by NHAI. 
 
 
Yours sincerely,  
 
 
 
Authorized signatory 
Name & Title of Signatory:     

 
 

 



 

Page 54 of 80 

General instructions : 
 

(To be furnished by individual firm)  
 

(a) In case the Bidder has to furnish no information against any of the items below, either ‘Nil’, ‘No’ or 
‘Not applicable’, as the case may be, should be mentioned. If in the information supplied, against 
any item, a dash is marked or is left blank, it shall be treated as incomplete  

 
1. (a)  Name of Bidder  
 
 (b)  Constitution of the Bidder entity e.g. Government enterprise, private limited company, limited 

company etc. 
 
 (c) In case of a Government enterprise, please indicate as to whether legally and financially 

autonomous and operate under commercial law. 
Yes/ No/ Not applicable 

 (d) Name(s) of Partners/ Directors 
 
2.  Complete postal address with Telephone/ Fax numbers/ e-mail address 
i) Corporate Office 
 
ii) Registered Office 
 
3.  Address for correspondence with Telephone/ Fax numbers/ e-mail address. Please provide at least 

one fixed and one mobile telephone number on which the Authorized Person can be contacted during 
the tender process. It is the Applicant’s responsibility to ensure that ALL these means of 
communications are working and being monitored regularly from the date of Application to the 
conclusion of the tender process: 

 
(a) Complete postal address: 

(to which the correspondence will be made) 
 
 
(b) Fixed telephone number 
 
(c) Mobile telephone number  

(Note: the mobile telephone specified should be capable of receiving SMS) 
 
(d) E-mail address 
 
6. Name of the Company Secretary/ Chartered Accountant certifying the documents along with his/ her 

Membership number, if applicable: 
 
 
7. (a) Whether the Bidder is having requisite Financial Strength:    Yes/ No 
 

(b) If yes, please indicate the average annual turnover of the Bidder: 
 

 (Note : Please attach certificate from Company Secretary/ Chartered Accountant in the prescribed 
format duly countersigned by the authorized signatory certifying the Net worth.) 

 
8. Whether in the ordinary course of its business, the Company is engaged in providing similar services 

in the information technology field and/ or Networking Business: 
 

 Yes/ No 
 
9. Whether the Bidder have requisite experience of having successfully completed similar works : 

Yes/ No 
 



 

Page 55 of 80 

10. Whether the Bidder have been declared ineligible by NHAI or Ministry of Road Transport & Highways, 
Government of India for indulging in corrupt or fraudulent practices : 

Yes/ No 
 
11. (a) Whether the Bidder have been declared/ determined non-performing by NHAI :    

Yes/ No 
 (b) If so, period of debarment: 
 
 
12. Whether copy of Resolution of Board of Directors/ Power of Attorney/ Authority Letter stating that the 

person signing the Application is an authorized signatory has been attached : 
Yes/ No 

(Note: Copy to be certified by Company Secretary/ Director/ Managing Director of the Company and 
should also bear the signature of the authorized signatory) 

 
13. Whether the Bidder has a office in Delhi/NCR :      Yes/ No 
 If yes, complete postal address with Telephone/ Fax numbers : 
 
 
 
Certificate / undertaking: 
 

A. It is hereby certified that the contents of the Notice inviting tenders has been carefully gone 
through and the Bidder undertakes to fully comply with the terms and conditions specified in the 
tender document including addendum thereof. 

B. It is hereby certified that neither the Bidder nor any of its Directors are the subject of criminal or 
civil proceedings that could be expected to adversely affect its business or its ability to Bid in the 
present tender. 

C. It is hereby certified that the Bidder understands that this Technical Bid, if found incomplete in any 
respect and/ or if found with conditional compliance or not accompanied with the requisite Bid 
Security (Earnest Money Deposit/ Earnest Money Bank Guarantee), shall be summarily rejected. 

D. It is hereby certified that the Bidder do not have any record of poor performance such as 
abandoning the works, not properly completing the Contract, delay in payment of salary to its staff 
deployed to client’s site, or financial failures etc.; 

E. It is hereby certified that the Bidder understands that the tender application fee is nonrefundable 
irrespective of whether or not the Contract is granted to it. 

F. It is hereby certified that the Bidder hasn’t been blacklisted by a central/ state Government 
institution/ Public Sector Undertaking/ Autonomous body and there has been no litigation with any 
Government Department/ PSU/ Autonomous body on account of similar services. 

G. It is hereby certified that the Bidder will intimate the NHAI promptly in case of any change in the 
information submitted as part of this Technical Bid. 

H. It is hereby certified that the Bidder understands that all matters relating to the tender or Contract 
if granted to it will be subject to jurisdiction of courts/ Tribunal(s) in Delhi/ New Delhi only. 

I. It is hereby certified that the Bidder understands that if at any time, any averments made or 
information furnished as part of this Bid is found incorrect, then its Bid and the Contract if 
awarded on the basis of such Bid shall be cancelled. 

J. It is hereby certified that the Bidder offers to execute the works in accordance with the Conditions 
of Contract, Specifications and TOR accompanying this Bid. 

K. I hereby confirm that this Bid complies with the Bid Validity and Bid Security required by the 
conditions of tender document. 

L. It is hereby certified that the information provided in this Technical Bid (including the attachments) 
is true, accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge & belief. 

 
Date:  

Signature of the Authorized Signatory 
Name & Designation/ Title of the Authorized Signatory 

Place: 
(Company’s Seal) 

  



 

Page 56 of 80 

Form-T2 
Declaration from OEM Bidder for clause 2.17.1.1 (i) 

 
To,   

GeneralManager(IT) 
NationalHighwaysAuthorityofIndia(NHAI), 
G 5&6,Sector–10,Dwarka, 
NewDelhi –110075 

 
Subject: Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Security and Wi-

Fi systems 
 
Reference:  NHAI/11013/IT/WI-FI/2017 Dated: 19 JUNE 2017 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We, the undersigned, confirm that we are the Original Equipment Manufacturers of the Networking 
equipments/ Servers/ SANquoted for in our proposal for the subject tender. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
(Signature of the Authorized signatory): 
Name and Designation of the Authorized signatory: 
Name and Address of Firm: 
Phone, Fax & E-Mail 



 

Page 57 of 80 

Form-T3 
 

Declaration from the Non-OEM Bidder for clause 2.17.1.1 (i) 
 
To,   

GeneralManager(IT) 
NationalHighwaysAuthorityofIndia(NHAI), 
G 5&6,Sector–10,Dwarka, 
NewDelhi –110075 

 
Subject: Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Security and Wi-

Fi systems 
 
Reference:  NHAI/11013/IT/WI-FI/2017 Dated: 19 JUNE 2017 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We, the undersigned, having our registered office at __________, declare and confirm that we are the 
authorized System Integrators/channel partners of M/S. ____________________, the Original Equipment 
Manufacturers (OEM) of the Networking Equipments, Servers and Desktops quoted for in our proposal for 
the subject tender. The OEM of Networking Equipments/Servers/ SAN quoted is having their registered 
office at __________________________.  
 
We are also attaching the authorization letter(s) of our OEM as required in the Eligibility Criteria of the 
tender. 
 
We are also attaching the letter duly signed and stamped by the authorized signatory of the above said 
OEM confirming the support provided by them to us will include the activities like Pre & Post-Sales 
Support, Integration Support, Technical Assistance Support, Spares Support, Software Up-gradation 
support, etc. 
 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
(Signature of the Authorized signatory): 
Name and Designation of the Authorized signatory: 
Name and Address of Firm: 
Phone, Fax & E-Mail 
  



 

Page 58 of 80 

 
Form-T4 

 
Format of Certificate showing Bidder’s Annual Turnover 

(To be issued on letter-head of the Chartered Accountant) 
 

Dated 
 

Certificate of Annual Turnover 
 
 
 
It is certified that we have examined the books of accounts of M/s. ___ (name and address ofthe 
Bidder) ___  and theaverageannualturnover of the company/ firm isnotlessthanRs.__________ 
(Rupees_________ ) duringthelast threefinancialyears. 
 
It is also certified that the net worth of the M/s. ___________ (name and address of the Bidder) is positive 
during last three financial years. 

 
Thedetailsoftheannualturnoverareasunder: 

(Amount in Rs.) 
Sl. No. Particulars FY 20013-14 FY 2015-16 FY 2016-17 

 
1. 

 
Total Annual Turnover of M/s 
____________ 
 

   

 
(Signatureof Company Secretary or Statutory Auditor/ Chartered Accountant)  
Nameof theCompany Secretary or Statutory Auditor/ Chartered Accountant :  
Seal: 
 
 
ImportantNotes: 
(i) The above data should relate onlyto the Bidder who has submitted thetender.  
(ii) In the above table, FY means Financial Year i.e. a period from 1

st
 April of preceding year to 31

st
 

March of the succeeding year. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 59 of 80 

Form-T5 
 

Self-Declaration regarding Technical Capability of Similar Nature of Work 
Date 

 
We   ____________  (Name  of  the  Bidder),  having  registered  office  at  _______________  

(address) hereby  declare  and  confirm  that   
 

(a) We hereby declare and confirm that we, ____________ (Name of the Bidder), having registered 
office at _______________ (address) have successfully executed contracts of similar nature i.e. 
supply and installation of networking equipments,servers, IP telephony and system integration 
services to its clients in Government or PSU or private organization of repute. We certify that we had 
executed similar contracts as per the table below 

 

Sl. 
No 

Name of the 
Client 

Organization 

Purchas
e Order 
(P.O) 
No. & 

Date of 
Issue Of 

P.O. 

Project 
Value 

Start 
Date 

End 
Date 

Brief 
Scope 

Of Work  

Whether The 
Successful 
Completion 

Certificate As 
Required, Is 
Attached? 

Whether The 
Copies Of The 

Purchase Orders / 
Contracts From 
The Client As 
Required, Is 
Attached? 

Yes/
No 

Pg. No. 
On The 

Proposal 

Yes/
No 

Pg. No. 
On The 

Proposal 
           

           

(b) We are also attaching the completion certificates from the respective client organizations and the 
copies of work orders/contracts from the client as required in the tender along with this. 

 
Authorized Signature: 
Name & Title of Signatory:     
Name of Bidder     
 
ImportantNotes: 

1. The above information should relate onlyto the Company(Bidder) who has submitted 
thetender. 



 

Page 60 of 80 

Form-T6 
 

Self-Declaration regarding Technical Capability of handling similar works 
 

Date 
 

We hereby declare and confirm that we, ____________ (Name of the Bidder), having registered 
office at _______________ (address), are in the business of voice, video and data implementation and/ 
or integration related activities for at least the past 3 years. 

 
(a) We have service center having state-of-the-art equipment for repair/ maintenance of IT equipment 

or having confirmed tie-up with leading service center(s) for repair of equipment which are to be 
maintained as per the tender. The service center shall have facility through which service be 
provided within 24 hours of call logging. Our main service center is located at _________ (Complete 
address of service center be mentioned). Through this service center, we are providing maintenance 
of IT equipment facility to:- 

(i) Private Customers  :- Yes / No 
(ii) Government / PSU clients  :- Yes / No 

  If yes, name of client be specified   _________________ 
(iii) Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)  :-  Yes / No 

  If yes, name of OEM be specified M/s. ________________ 
 

(b) We also undertake that the following services towards this tender will not be sub-contracted and will 
be executed by our Company. 

 Design Of Solution Architecture,  
 Network Installation, Commissioning and Integration of Routers, Switches, Firewall, IP 

Phones, Servers, SAN, etc. 
 Acceptance Tests,  
 Trainings And Handover,  
 Project Management Services. 

 
(c) We are intending to subcontract the following works to the respective subcontractors as found in the 

table below. We submit the same for your approval. 

Sl. 
No. 

Name of 
Subcontracted 

Service 

Sub-Contractor 
Name, Address and 
Contact Numbers 

Details of the 
Subcontract 

work 

Brief Profile of the 
Subcontractor proposed 

     
     

 
(d) We also undertake that under all circumstances, the value of the works sub-contracted by us will not 

exceed 25% of the Services Price. 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
(Signature of Authorized Signatory) 
Name and Designation of the Authorized Signatory: 
Name and address of the Bidder Company: 
Important Notes:  

 The above data should relate only to the Company (Bidder) who has submitted the tender. Data 
relating to sister companies, group companies, parent company, subsidiary companies shall not 
be considered.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 61 of 80 

 
          Form –T7  

Format for Bank Guarantee towards Bid Security 
 
BG No. ………………………………  
 
Date ………..  
 
 
To,  
The Chairman  
National Highways Authority of India  
G-5&6, Sector – 10 Dwarka,  
New Delhi - 110075  
 

1. In consideration of “National Highways Authority of India (NHAI)” (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Authority”, which expression shall unless it be repugnant to the subject or context thereof include 
its successors and assigns) having agreed to receive the application of M/s ………………………. 
and having its registered office at ………………..(hereinafter referred to as the “Bidder” which 
expression shall unless it be repugnant to the subject or context thereof, include its/ their 
successors, administrators, executors and assigns), for submission of bids for the works of 
…………………………………………………………. (hereinafter called the “Works”) pursuant to 
RFP document no. ………….. dated ……..…. of the Authority, and the bidder having agreed to 
furnish a Bank Guarantee to the Authority as “Bid Security” for the purpose indicated in the said 
RFP, we, ……………….….. (Name of the Bank) having our registered office at 
………………..……………. and one of its branches at …………………………………., a body 
registered / constituted under the ………………………. (hereinafter referred to as the Bank), 
which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the subject or context thereof, include its 
successors, administrators, executors and assigns at the request of the bidder, do hereby in 
terms of RFP document, irrevocably, unconditionally and without reservation guarantee the due 
and faithful fulfillment and compliance of the terms and conditions of the RFP document by the 
said bidder and unconditionally and irrevocably undertake to pay forthwith to the Authority an 
amount of Rs. …………./- (Rupees …………….……..only) (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Guarantee”) as aforesaid at any time up to …..………….. as our primary obligation without any 
demur, reservation, recourse, contest or protest and without reference to the Bidder if the Bidder 
shall fail to fulfil or comply with all or any of the terms and conditions contained in the said RFP 
Document.  

 
2. Any such written demand made by the Authority stating that the Bidder is in default of the due 

and faithful fulfilment and compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the RFP / 
Bidding Documents shall be final, conclusive and binding on the bank.  
 

3. We, the Bank, do hereby unconditionally undertake to pay the amounts due and payable under 
this Guarantee without any demur, reservation recourse, contest or protest and without any 
reference to the Bidder or any other person and irrespective of whether the claim of the Authority 
is disputed by the Bidder or not, merely on the first demand from the Authority stating that the 
amount claimed is due to the Authority by reason of failure of the Bidder to fulfil and comply with 
the terms and conditions contained in the RFP/ Bidding Documents including failure of the said 
Bidder to keep its Bid open during the Bid validity period as set forth in the said RFP / Bidding 
Document for any reason whatsoever. Any such demand made on the bank shall be conclusive 
as regards amount due and payable by the Bank under this Guarantee. However, our liability 
under this Guarantee shall be restricted to an amount not exceeding Rs. ………... (Rupees 
………….. .. only).  
 

4. This Guarantee shall be irrevocable and remain in full force upto ……..…. inclusive of a claim 
period of 60 (sixty) days or for such extended period as may be mutually agreed between the 
Authority and the Bidder, and agreed to by the Bank, and shall continue to be enforceable till all 
amounts under this Guarantee have been paid.  
 



 

Page 62 of 80 

5. We, the Bank, further agree that the Authority shall be the sole judge to decide as to whether the 
Bidder is in default of due and faithful fulfillment and compliance with the terms and conditions 
contained in the RFP/ Bidding Documents including, inter alia, the failure of the Bidder to keep its 
Bid open during the Bid validity period set forth in the said Bidding Documents, and the decision 
of the Authority that the Bidder is in default as aforesaid shall be final and binding on us, 
notwithstanding any differences between the Authority and the Bidder or any dispute pending 
before any Court, Tribunal, Arbitrator or any other Authority.  
 

6. The Guarantee shall not be affected by any change in the constitution or winding up of the Bidder 
or the Bank or any absorption, merger or amalgamation of the Bidder or the Bank with any other 
person.  
 

7. In order to give full effect to this Guarantee, the Authority shall be entitled to treat the Bank as the 
principal debtor. The Authority shall have the fullest liberty without affecting in any way the liability 
of the Bank under this Guarantee from time to time to vary any of the terms and conditions 
contained in the said RFP / Bidding Documents or to extend time for submission of the Bids or 
the Bid validity period or the period for conveying acceptance of Letter of Award by the Bidder or 
the period for fulfilment and compliance with all or any of the terms and conditions contained in 
the said RFP / Bidding Documents by the said Bidder or to postpone for any time and from time 
to time any of the powers exercisable by it against the said Bidder and either to enforce or forbear 
from enforcing any of the terms and conditions contained in the said RFP/ Bidding Documents or 
the securities available to the Authority, and the Bank shall not be released from its liability under 
these presents by any exercise by the Authority of the liberty with reference to the matters 
aforesaid or by reason of time being given to the said Bidder or any other forbearance, act or 
omission on the part of the Authority or any indulgence by the Authority to the said Bidder or by 
any change in the constitution of the Authority or its absorption, merger or amalgamation with any 
other person or any other matter or thing whatsoever which under the law relating to sureties 
would but for this provision have the effect of releasing the Bank from its such liability.  
 

8. Any notice by way of request, demand or otherwise hereunder shall be sufficiently given or made 
if addressed to the Bank and sent by courier or by registered mail to the Bank at the address set 
forth herein.  

 

9. We undertake to make the payment on receipt of your notice of claim on us addressed to name of 
Bank along with branch address and delivered at our above branch which shall be deemed to 
have been duly authorized to receive the said notice of claim.  
 

10. It shall not be necessary for the Authority to proceed against the said Bidder before proceeding 
against the Bank and the guarantee herein contained shall be enforceable against the Bank, 
notwithstanding any other security which the Authority may have obtained from the said Bidder or 
any other person and which shall, at the time when proceedings are taken against the Bank 
hereunder, be outstanding or unrealized.  
 

11. We, the Bank, further undertake not to revoke this Guarantee during its currency except with the 
previous express consent of the Authority in writing. 
 

12. The Bank declares that it has power to issue this Guarantee and discharge the obligations 
contemplated herein, the undersigned is duly authorized and has full power to execute this 
Guarantee for and on behalf of the Bank.  
 

13. This guarantee shall also be operable at our ___________________branch at New Delhi, from 
whom, confirmation regarding the issue of this guarantee or extension/ renewal thereof shall be 
made available on demand. In the contingency of this guarantee being invoked and payment 
thereunder claimed, the said branch shall accept such invocation letter and make payment of 
amounts so demanded under the said invocation.  
 

14. This bank guarantee shall be valid from ……………………  
 



 

Page 63 of 80 

15. Notwithstanding anything contained herein:  
 

(i) Our liability under this Bank Guarantee shall not exceed Rs. ……………/-  
(ii) The Bank Guarantee shall be valid up to…………………………………  
(iii) We are liable to pay the Guarantee amount or any part thereof under this Guarantee 

only and only if you serve upon us a written claim or demand on or before ……….….  
 

 

Signed and Delivered by ……………………………. Bank.  

By the hand of Mr. / Ms. ………………………….., its ………………. and authorize official.  

 

 

 

(Signature of the Authorised Signatory)  

(Name & Designation with Bank’s Official Seal)  

 

 
NOTE:  

(i) The bank guarantee(s) shall contain the name, designation and code number of the officer(s) 
signing the guarantee(s);  

(ii) The address, telephone no. and other details of the Head Office of the Bank as well as of issuing 
branch should be mentioned on the covering letter of issuing Branch.  

(iii) The bank guarantee shall be signed by the officials as per the norms prescribed by the RBI in this 
regard. 

 
  



 

Page 64 of 80 

 
 
 
 
 

SECTION – VII 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

FORMS FOR  
SUBMISSION OF FINANCIALBID 

 
 



 

Page 65 of 80 

Form-F1 
[Location,Date] 

From: 
 (Name and Address of the Bidder)  
 
To   

GeneralManager(IT) 
NationalHighwaysAuthorityofIndia(NHAI), 
G 5&6,Sector–10,Dwarka, 
NewDelhi –110075 

 
Subject: Supply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Security and Wi-Fi 
systems 
 
Reference: NHAI’s Tender No.NHAI/11013/IT/WI-FI/2017 dated 19/06/2017 
 
 
Sir, 

 
We, the undersigned, offer to provide the services for the above mentioned project in 

accordance with your Tender Notice referred above and our Proposal. The amount indicated in this 
Financial Bid is inclusive of all the taxes, duties, fees, levies, and other charges imposed under the 
applicable law. The details are as follows: 

 
(Amount in Rs.) 

Particulars Contract period for 3 year 
Cost of providing equipment/ services described under Terms 
of Reference (in figures). As per Grand Total for Schedule-I 
(Sl. 5 – Sl. 6) of SUMMARY OF COST FOR SCHEDULE-I 

 

 
(Amount in words) 
Excluding taxes as applicable 
 

 

Total Taxes as applicable  
Total Taxes Amount in Words  
Grand Total  

 
2. Our Proposal is binding upon us and subject to the modifications resulting from Contract 
negotiations, if any, up to expiration of the validity period of the proposal i.e. 120 days from the last 
date of submission of the Bid or as extended in accordance with the tender conditions. 
 
3. We undertake that, in competing for (and, if the award is made to us, in executing) the above 
Contract, we will strictly observe the laws against fraud and corruption in force in India namely 
“Prevention of Corruption Act 1988”. We understand that NHAI is not bound to accept any proposal it 
receives. 
 
Yours sincerely,  
 
Authorized signatory 
Name & Title of Signatory:    
Designation of the Signatory: 
Name of Bidder & Address:     
  
  



 

Page 66 of 80 

FORM-F2 
Detailed breakup of Rates of the Financial Bid 

 
1. Up-gradation of networking, IP telephony, security equipment/ software.  
 
Sr. 
No. 

Description Qty Unit Rate w/o 
taxes (INR) 

Total Amount 
w/o taxes 

(INR) 

Per Year AMC 
w/o taxes (For 
total Quantity) 

1.  WAN Router 4    
2.  Core Switch  2    
3.  IP Phone Type1 30    
4.  IP Phone Type2 15    
5.  Rack Servers 1    
6.  Storage Solution with minimum 35TB 

usable storage and 4 Compute nodes 
with Virtualization license 

1 
Set 

   

7.  Firewall 2    
8.  Edge Switch 2    
9.  Distribution Switch 2    
10.  PoE Layer2 Switch 9    
11.  Network Management System 1    

12.  AAA/NAC 2    
13.  Wireless Access Points 72    

14.  Wireless Controller 2    
15.  Windows 2012 standard SP2 or 

latest 
6    

16.  Installation Charges 1    
Total of Schedule-I (1)   

 
 

Applicable taxes on above 
 

 

Grand Total inclusive of all taxes for Schedule-I (1)  
Total Per Year AMC after initial Warranty Period (w/o taxes)  
 
Note: Shall include 3 year Product warranty in the Base Price 
Per Year AMC for each of the product to be not included in determining L1 
 
2. Up-gradation of Passive Components. 
 
Sr. 
No. 

Description Qty. Unit Rate 
w/o taxes 

(INR) 

Total Amount w/o 
taxes (INR) 

Per Year AMC 
w/o taxes (For 
total Quantity) 

1.  WI-FI LAN Cabling including PVC 
conduit & other relevant items. 

1 LOT    

2.  Intra Building Backbone including 
PVC conduit & other relevant items. 

1 LOT    

3 Racks/Cabinets including all 
accessories 

1 LOT    

4 Installation/configuration Charges for 
computer hardware and peripherals 
as well as system integration at NHAI 
office (New Delhi). 

1 LOT 
- 

 
 
 

  

Total for Schedule-I (2) 
 
 

 

Applicable taxes on above  
Grand Total inclusive of all taxes for Schedule-I (2)  

Total Per Year AMC after initial Warranty Period (w/o taxes)  
 



 

Page 67 of 80 

 
 
 
 
3 Cost for 3 Year AMC of Existing Components 
 

 
S. 

No. 

Description Qty Unit Rate 
w/o taxes 

(INR) 

Total Amount w/o 
taxes (INR) 

1 Cisco Rack Server UCSC-C420-M3 16   

2 Cisco Blade Chassis 5108 2   
3 Cisco Fabric Interconnect  6248 2   
4 Cisco CUCM Call Manager 

Licenses(Enhanced Plus ver 9.x and Unity 
Standard) 

1 lot 
approx. 
310 lic. 

  

5 Call Manager HW (UCUCS-EZ-C220M3S) 2   
6 Cisco UCSB-B200-M3 Blade server 4   
7 Cisco Switch 24 Port S-C2960S-24TS-L 6   
8 Cisco Switch 48 PortWS-C2960S-48TS-L 6   
9 Cisco Router 2921 MPLS Router 4   

10 Cisco Router 3945 MPLS Router 1   
11 Cisco Firewall ASA-5585 4   
12 Cisco IP Phone CP-7942 60   
13 Cisco IP Phone CP-8945 30   
14 Cisco IP Phone CP-9971 20   
15 Cisco VC Endpoints (CTS-INTP-C60K9) 

Distributed across RO offices) 
25   

16 MCU 8210 1   
17 Samsung LED(Distributed Across RO offices) 25   
18 Microsoft SQL 14 Enterprise Edition 12 

licenses 
on 2 

Servers 

  

19 Microsoft 2013 Exchange Enterprise Edition 4 
license 

  

Total for Schedule-I (3) 
 
 

Applicable taxes on above 
 

 

Grand Total inclusive of all taxes for Schedule-I (3) 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 68 of 80 

 
 
 
 
 
4. Cost for Optional Items 

The Bidder is required to provide the Price Schedule for Optional Items, in the following format 
and attach itwith the Commercial Proposal. 
 

Sl. 
No. 

 
Item Description 

 
Qty. 

Basic Unit Price 
inclusive of all 

levies & 
charges 

Total Price 
inclusive of all 

levies & 
charges 

1 (Description of any other optional item) (Add additional rows 
as required) 

 
  

2     

3     

4     

5     

Total for Schedule-I (4)  

Applicable taxes on above  

Grand Total inclusive of all taxes for Schedule-I (4)  

 
 
 
5. Buy-Back of existing IT equipment 
 

SI 
No. 

Description and Brief specifications  
(These equipment’s are in As-Is-Where-Is Basis)  

Qty. 
Lump-Sum Buy-

Back Amount (INR) 
1. Cisco 3800 series Router 2  
2. Cisco 6500 series Switch 1  

Total Cost for Schedule-I (5)  
 



 

Page 69 of 80 

6. SUMMARY OF COST FOR SCHEDULE-I 

Amount in Rupees 
 

Sl. 
No. 

Particulars 
Amount in 

Figures 
Amount in 

Words 

1.  Total for Schedule-I (1)   
2.  Total for Schedule-I (2)   
3.  Total for Schedule-I (3)   
4.  Total for Schedule-I (4)   
5.  Total Cost  

(Schedule-I (1) + (2) + (3) + (4) 
  

6.  Total for Schedule-I (5)   
Grand Total for Schedule-I (Sl. 5 – Sl. 6)   

 
 

 
NOTE: Contract will be awarded to fully technical complied and L1 bidder based on the Grand total in the 
table above I.e. “Grand Total for Schedule (SI. 5 – SI.6) of Table “Summary of Cost for Schedule – I”.  
 
Kindly note that Taxes like GST/Service Tax/Octroi will not be considered to declare the L1 bidders and 
same shall not be included in the tables “SUMMARY OF COST FOR SCHEDULE-I” 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

Page 70 of 80 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

PART-III 
 
 
 
 
 

FORMAT OF CONTRACT  



 

Page 71 of 80 

SECTION – VIII 
 

FORMAT OF CONTRACT  
 
No. …………… 
 
This Contract (hereinafter called the “Contract”) is made on this ___day of the month of ___, 2017 

BETWEEN 
National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), constituted by an act of Parliament, The National 
Highways Authority of India Act, 1988, and having its head office at G 5 & 6, Sector 10, Dwarka, 
New Delhi-110075 (hereinafter referred to as the “NHAI” or the “Employer”, which expression shall, 
unless repugnant to or inconsistent with the context, mean and include its  successors and 
assigns) of the FIRST PART. 

AND 
___________________, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 
and having its registered office at 
1____________________________________________________ (hereinafter referred to as the 
“_______” or the “System Integrator” which expression shall unless repugnant to or inconsistent 
with the context, mean  and  include  its  successors  and assigns) of the OTHER PART. 
 
WHEREAS 
 
(A) the System Integrator, in the ordinary course of its business, is engaged in 

providingSupply, Installation and Commissioning of Networking, Server, Storage, Security 
and Wi-Fi systemswith Warranty for 3 years and have represented to the NHAI through 
their tender proposals, against NHAI/11013/IT/WI-FI/2017 dated 19/06/2017(hereinafter 
called the “Tender”) for Comprehensive IT and Network Services Management at NHAI 
offices (hereinafter called the “Services”), that they have required professional skills, 
personnel and technical resources to provide the required Services; 

(B) the System Integrator has been adjudged the SuccessfulBidder and NHAI vide its Letter of 
Award (LOA) No. ………… dated xx.xx.2017 has requested the System Integrator to 
submit Performance Security along with the letter of acceptance for providing the Services; 

(C) the System Integrator has submitted the requisite Performance Security and agreed 
through their letter of acceptance dated ___________ to provide the Services on the terms 
and conditions set forth in this Contract; 

 
NOW THEREFORE THIS CONTRACT WITNESSTH 
 
1. In this Contract words and expressions shall have the same meanings as are respectively 

assigned to them in the Conditions of the Contract hereinafter referred to. 
 
2. The following schedules/ appendices shall be deemed to form and be read and construed 

as part of this agreement viz. 
(a) Schedule – I: General Conditions of the Contract (GCC); 
(b) List of appendices: 

Appendix A Copy of Financial Bid submitted by the System Integrator 
showing breakdown of Contract Price 

Appendix B Letter of Award issued by NHAI 
Appendix C Letter of Acceptance submitted by the System Integrator 
Appendix D Copy of Performance Security submitted by the System 

Integrator 
Appendix E Copy of authorization/ Power of Attorney in favour of authorized 

representative of the System Integrator authorizing him to sign 
this Contract  

Appendix F Copy of the Tender Document and any addendum thereof 
 



 

Page 72 of 80 

3. The System Integrator shall submit the details as sought by the NHAI in the format 
provided under the appendices of this Contract.The foregoing schedules and appendices 
shall be construed as complementary and mutually explanatory one with another. Should 
any ambiguities or discrepancy be noted then the order of precedence of these schedules/ 
appendices shall subject to the Special Conditions be as listed above. 

 
(a) This Contract together with the schedules and appendices hereto, constitutes the 

entire Contract between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes in all respects all prior proposals, negotiations, conversations, discussions 
and agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. 
Subsequent alterations, amendments, changes or additions hereto, if any, shall be 
binding and valid unless agreed to in writing and signed by each Party. 

 
5. The mutual rights and obligations of the NHAI and the System Integrator shall be as set 

forth in the Contract, in particular: 
(a) The System Integrator shall carry out the Services in accordance with the 

provisions of this Contract; and 
(b) The NHAI shall make payments in accordance with the provisions of this Contract. 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Contract to be executed by their 
respective authorized representatives on the day and year first before written. 
 

FOR AND ON BEHALF OF 
(National Highways Authority of India) 

 FOR AND ON BEHALF OF 
(M/s ____________) 

 
 

  

(Authorized Representative) 
Name: ______________  

Chief General Manager (P&IS) 
National Highways Authority of India 

G-5&6, Sector – 10, Dwarka 
New Delhi – 110075 

 (Authorized Representative) 
Name: ______________________  
Designation: __________________ 
M/s __________________________  
Address:_______________________ 

 
In the presence of following witnesses: 
  

 
   

1. 
 
 
 
 

Name: ______________  
Dy General Manager (P&IS) 
National Highways Authority of India 
G-5&6, Sector – 10, Dwarka 
New Delhi – 110075 

 1. Name: ______________________  
Designation: __________________ 
M/s __________________________  
Address:_______________________ 
 

     
2. Name: ______________  

Manager (P&IS) 
National Highways Authority of India 
G-5&6, Sector – 10, Dwarka 
New Delhi – 110075 

 2. Name: ______________________  
Designation: __________________ 
M/s __________________________  
Address :______________________ 
 



 

Page 73 of 80 

SCHEDULE – I 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE CONTRACT 

 
1. PRELIMINARY 

 
Subject as hereinafter otherwise provided, the guidelines contained in the NHAI Works Manual 
(hereinafter referred to as “Works Manual”) shall apply to this Contract and in so far as they are not 
provided, amended or substituted by the Conditions in the GCC& SCC and hereby expressly 
declared that in case of any conflict between the provisions contained in the GCC& SCC hereof 
and the provisions of the Works Manual, the provisions contained in the GCC& SCC hereof shall 
prevail. 
 
2. GENERAL PROVISIONS 

 
a. Definitions: Unless the context otherwise require, the following terms whenever used in this 

Contract shall have the following meanings: 

(i) “Applicable Law” shall mean the laws and other instruments having the force of law 
in India as applicable from time to time. 

(ii) “Contract” shall mean the Contract signed by the parties, to which these General 
Conditions of the Contract (GCC) are attached, together with all the schedules/ 
appendices listed in Clause 2 of such Contract. 

(iii) “Defect Liability Period” shall mean the period of 365 days beyond the validity of this 
Contract during which the System Integrator shall be liable to rectify defects in the 
performance of Services as pointed out by the Employer. 

(iv) “Effective Date” shall mean the date on which this Contract comes into force and 
effect pursuant to Clause 3.1 hereof. 

(v) “Employer” refers to National Highways Authority of India. 
(vi) “GCC” shall mean General Conditions of the Contract. 
(vii) “Government” means the Government of India. 
(viii) “NHAI” shall mean National Highways Authority of India. 
(ix) “NHAI Works Manual” shall mean manual containing guidelines/ instructions issued 

by NHAI from time to time on various aspects including selection of consultants, 
award of contracts, contract management, etc. A copy of the manual is available on 
NHAI’s website.  

(x) “Party” shall mean NHAI or the System Integrator, as the case may be, and 
“Parties”shall mean NHAI and the System Integrator. 

(xi) “Personnel” shall mean persons hired by the System Integrator or by any Sub-
Contractor as employees and assigned to the performance of the Services or any 
part thereof under this contract. 

(xii) “Third Party” shall mean any person or entity other than the Government, the NHAI 
and the System Integrator. 

 
b. Law Governing the Contract: This Contract, its meaning and interpretation, and the relation 

between the Parties shall be governed by the Applicable Law. 
 
c. Language: This Contract has been executed in Hindi and English. However, the English 

version shall be binding for all matters relating to the meaning and interpretation of this 
Contract. 

 
d. Headings: The headings shall not limit, alter or affect the meaning of this Contract. 
 



 

Page 74 of 80 

e. Notices:  Any notice, request, consent or communication required to be made pursuant to 
this Contract shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been made when delivered in 
person to an authorized representative of the Party,as per Clause 2.6, to whom the 
communication is addressed, or when sent by registered/ speed post or courier to such 
Party’s authorized representative at the address specified in SCC. 

 
f. Authorized Representatives: Any action required or permitted to be taken, and any document 

required or permitted to be executed, under this Contract by the NHAI or the System 
Integrator may be taken or executed either by the persons signing this Contract or by the 
officials specified in the SCC. Changes in authorized representative(s) are to be notified in 
writing by the Parties immediately and in any case within one (1) week of such change. 

 
g. Location: The Services shall be performed at such locations as are specified in this Contract 

or at a location approved by the Employer. 
 
h. Taxes and Duties: The System Integrator, their Personnel and their Sub-Contractor, if any, 

shall pay such taxes, duties fees, and other impositions as may be levied under the 
Applicable Law, the amount of which is deemed to have been included in the Contract Price. 

 
i. Survival:  Rights and obligations which have accrued at that time of termination or expiry of 

this Contract shall survive even after the termination or expiry of this Contract and any 
provisions hereof which, by their nature are intended to survive this Contract, will so survive. 

 
j. Assignment or transfer of obligations: This Contract shall ensure the benefit of each of the 

parties and their respective successors and neither Party shall otherwise assign the benefit 
or burden of this Contract to any other entity, without the prior written consent of the other 
Party. The System Integrator shall not outsource the work to any other associate/ franchisee/ 
third party, without prior written consent of the Employer, under any circumstances. If it so 
happens then NHAI shall impose sanctions which will include forfeiture of the Performance 
Security and/ or termination of the Contract for default. 

 
k. Relationship of Parties: It is clearly understood that the relationship of the Parties is in terms 

of this Contract. Neither party shall be deemed to be the legal representative or agent of the 
other. 

 
3. COMMENCEMENT, COMPLETION, MODIFICATION, AND TERMINATION OF CONTRACT 

 
a. Effectiveness of Contract: The Contract shall come into effect on the date the Contract is 

signed by the Parties or such other date as may be stated in the SCC (“Effective Date”). 
 
b. Expiration of Contract: Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Clause 3.6 hereinafter, this 

Contract shall terminate at the end of such time period after the Effective Date as is specified 
in the SCC. 

 
c. Modification: Any amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of this Contract, 

including any modification of the scope of the Services or of the Contract Price, shall be valid 
and binding on the Parties only if made in writing and signed on behalf of both the Parties by 
their respective authorized signatories. However, the Employer reserves the right to modify 
at any time the terms and conditions of the Contract, if in the opinion of the Employer it is 
necessary or expedient to do so in public interest or in the interest of the security of the State 
or for the proper conduct of the Service. The decision of the Employer shall be final in this 
regard. 

 
4. Force Majeure 
 



 

Page 75 of 80 

Definition: For the purposes of this Contract, “Force Majeure” means an event which is 
beyond the reasonable control of a Party, and which makes a Party’s performance of its 
obligations under the Contract impossible or so  impractical as reasonably to be 
considered impossible under the circumstances. 
 

a. Force Majeure includes, but is not limited to, war, riots, civil disorder, earthquake, fire, 
explosion, storm, flood or other adverse weather conditions strikes, lockouts or other 
industrial action (except where such strikes, lockouts or other industrial action are within 
the power of the Party invoking Force Majeure to prevent), confiscation or any other action 
by government agencies. 

 
b. Force Majeure shall not include (i) any event which is caused by the negligence or 

intentional act of a Party or such Party’s Sub-Contractors or agents or employees, nor (ii) 
any event which a diligent party could reasonably have expected to (A) take into account at 
the time of the conclusion of this Contract and (B) avoid or overcome in the carrying out of 
its obligations hereunder. 

 
c. Force Majeure shall not include insufficiency of funds or failure to make any payment 

required hereunder. 

 
i. The System Integrator shall advise the Employer in writing, duly certified by the reasonable 

authority, the beginning and the end of the above causes of delay, within seven (7) days of 
the occurrence and cessation of the Force Majeure conditions. In the event of a delay 
lasting for more than 60 days, if arising out of clauses of Force Majeure, the Employer 
reserves the right to cancel the order without any obligation to compensate the System 
Integrator in any manner for whatsoever reason. 

 
5. Termination 
 

i. By the Employer:  
 
a. The Employer may terminate this Contract, by written notice of termination to the System 

Integrator, to be given after the occurrence of any of the events specified in paragraphs 
(a) through I below: 

 
 
(a) if the System Integrator do not remedy a failure in the performance of their 

obligation under the Contract, within 15 days after being notified or within any 
further period as the Employer may have subsequently approved in writing; 

 
(b) if the System Integrator, in the judgment of the Employer, has engaged in corrupt 

or fraudulent practices in competing for or in executing the Contract; 
 

(c) if the System Integrator becomes bankrupt or otherwise insolvent; 
 

(d) if, as a result of Force Majeure, the System Integrator is unable to perform a 
material portion of the Services for a period of not less than sixty (60) days.   

 
b. If the Employer, in its sole discretion, decides to terminate this Contract, it may do so, by 

written notice of one hundred eighty (180) days to the System Integrator. 
 



 

Page 76 of 80 

ii. By the System Integrator: The System Integrator may terminate this Contract, by not less 
than thirty (30) days’ written notice of termination to the Employer, such notice to be given 
after the occurrence of any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) below: 

 
(b) If the Employer fails to pay any monies due to the System Integrator pursuant to this 

Contract and not subject to dispute pursuant to Clause 7 within forty-five (45) days 
after receiving written notice from the System Integrator that such payment is overdue; 
or 

(c) if, as a result of Force Majeure, the System Integrator is unable to perform a material 
portion of the Services for a period of not less than sixty (60) days. 

 
iii. Payment upon Termination: Upon termination of this Contract, the System Integrator shall 

be entitled to all undisputed sums that are due for the Equipment supplied and Services 
satisfactorily rendered prior to the termination. In the event of such termination, the System 
Integrator shall refund the sums on pro-rata basis, if the advance sums are with the 
System Integrator, for the period unutilized, after considering the period of notice.  
 

iv. In case of occurrence of any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Clause 
3.6.1.1, the Employer may, at its discretion, also take the following action against the 
defaulting System Integrator: 

 
The Employer may transfer upon such terms and in such manner, as it deems 
appropriate, the work order for the balance work to any other agency and the 
defaulting System Integrator shall be liable to compensate the Employer for any extra 
expenditure involved towards the said balance work to complete the scope of Services. 

 
6. OBLIGATIONS OF THE SYSTEM INTEGRATOR 
 

a. General: The System Integrator shall perform the Services and carry out their 
obligations with all due diligence, efficiency and economy, in accordance with 
generally accepted professional techniques and practices, and shall observe 
sound management practices, and employ appropriate advanced technology and 
safe methods in accordance with standards of the profession. The System 
Integrator shall always act, in respect of any matter relating to this Contract or to 
the Services, as  faithful  adviser  to  the Employer and  shall  at  all  times  support  
and safeguard the Employer’s legitimate interests in any dealings with the Sub-
Contractors or third parties. 

b. Conflict of Interests: Further, the System Integrator and its affiliates shall not 
engage directly or indirectly in activities that is against the interest of the Employer 
under the Contract. 

 
c. Confidentiality:  

 
i. As used herein, the term “Confidential Information” means any information, including 

without limitation, information created by or for the other Party, whether written or 
oral, which relates to internal controls, computer or data processing programs, 
algorithms, electronic data processing applications, routines, sub-routines, 
techniques or systems, or information concerning the business or financial affairs 
and methods of operation or proposed methods of operation, accounts, transactions, 
proposed transactions or security procedures of either party or any of its affiliates, 
except such information which is in the public domain at the time of its disclosure or 
thereafter enters the public domain other than as a result of a breach of duty on the 
part of the party receiving such information. It is the express intent of the Parties that 
all the business process and methods used by the System Integrator in rendering the 
services hereunder are the Confidential Information of the System Integrator. 

 



 

Page 77 of 80 

ii. The Parties shall handle any Confidential Information of the other Party with the 
same degree of care as it would treat its own Confidential Information. The Parties 
agree that the Confidential Information will be used only for the purposes of this 
Contract and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party for any reason whatsoever. 

 
iii. The System Integrator shall not, without NHAI’s prior written consent, disclose the 

Contract, or any provision thereof, or any specification, plan, sample of information 
furnished by or on behalf of the Employer in connection therewith, to any person other 
than a person employed by the System Integrator engaged in the performance of the 
Contract. Disclosure to any such employed person will be made in confidence and will 
be extended as may be necessary for the purposes of fulfillment of such performance. 
The System Integrator shall ensure that no information about the software, hardware, 
database and the policies of Employer is taken out in any form including electronic 
form or otherwise, from any of the work site by the manpower posted by them. The 
obligations of confidentiality under this section shall survive termination or expiration of 
this Contract. 

 
iv. At all times during the performance of the Services, the System Integrator shall abide 

by all the applicable Employer’s security rules, policies, standards,guidelines and 
procedures.  The System Integrator agrees that before any of its employees or 
assignees is given access to the Confidential Information, each such employee and 
assignees shall agree to be bound by the term of this Contract and such rules, policies, 
standards, guidelines and procedures of the Employer, which is followed by the 
Employer’s employees or agents. 

 
d. Right & Ownership of equipments or software or documents: 

 
i. All specifications, designs, flow-charts, reports and other documents and software 

submitted by the System Integratorunder this Contract shall become and remain the 
property of the Employer, and the System Integrator shall, not later than upon termination 
or expiration of this Contract, deliver all such documents and software to the Employer, 
together with a detailed inventory thereof.  

 
ii. All Services rendered by the System Integrator under this Contract and the equipments or 

documents of such Services including but not limited to written materials manifested in 
programs, design documentation, disks, and tapes shall belong to the Employer. 

 
iii. All documentation, wherever called for, shall be in good, simple and concise English using 

accepted technical terms and symbols. All documents, except for the standard 
documentation that accompanies the appropriate hardware and software shall be made 
available in hard copy and/ or soft copy to the Employer. All such documents shall have 
comprehensive index to facilitate quick reference. All printed documentation shall come 
with ring folders and proper font size labels. The documentation shall be properly arranged 
and sorted. 

 
iv. The System Integrator shall be responsible for the provision of adequate and suitable 

documentation wherever applicable. All documentation shall be completed and delivered to 
the Employer. The System Integrator shall provide satisfactory answers to any reasonable 
queries raised by the Employer concerning any information stated in the documentation. 

 
v. On the completion of Contract Period, the System Integrator shall handover all related 

documents and shall demonstrate that the source code is executable. In summary, the 
System Integrator shall be responsible for technology transfer of the system in such a way 
that the same can be put to use by the Employer after conclusion of the Contract through 
alternate resources. The technology transfer procedures shall be completed before 



 

Page 78 of 80 

submission of final bills on completion of the Contract or within 21 days of earlier 
termination of the Contract. 

 
vi. Change in the Applicable Law: If, after the date of this Contract, there is any change in the 

Applicable Law with respect to taxes and duties which increases or decreases the cost of 
the Services rendered by the System Integrator, then the remuneration and reimbursable 
expenses otherwise payable to the System Integrator under this Contract shall be 
increased or decreased accordingly by agreement between the Parties, and corresponding 
adjustments shall be made to the amount referred to in Clause 7.1 hereof. 

 
7. PAYMENTS TO THE SYSTEM INTEGRATOR 
 

a. Total Remuneration: The remuneration payable to the System Integrator shall not 
normally exceed the Contract Price during the validity period of the Contract. In 
case the Contract is extended beyond the initial Contract period as stipulated in 
the tender conditions, the total remuneration shall increase by an amount agreed 
by the Parties in accordance with the financial proposal of the System Integrator 
accepted by NHAI.  

 
b. Contract Price: The Contract Price shall be equivalent to the cost of Services for 

the initial Contract period payable by the Employer as per financial proposal of the 
System Integrator. This price shall be used for determination of amount for 
Performance Security. 

 
c. Terms and Conditions of Payment:  
 
Payments under different schedule shall be released from:- 
 

Sr. 
No. 

Work/ Services 
Payment to be 

made from 
Payment Periodicity 

1.  

Supply, Installation 
and Commissioning of 
Networking, Server, 
Security, Storage and 
Wi-Fi systems 

NHAI HQs 

 80% after supply items 
 10% after the installation 

of equipments 
 10% will be paid after 1 

months of successful 
acceptance. 

 
The amount due for providing the Services shall be payable quarterly in arrears on 
satisfactory performance and submission of Pre-receipted bills in triplicate subject to 
following conditions: 

 
(a) The payment to the System Integrator shall be made on the basis of unit rate as per 

actual quantity for which service is rendered by the System Integrator. 
 
(b) All payments to the System Integrator shall be made subject to deduction of TDS (Tax 

deduction at Source) as per the Income Tax Act, 1961, damages for late payments 
and other taxes if any as per Government of India rules. 

 
(c) The following conditions should be met for release of payment: 

 
(i) The System Integrator shall raise and submit to NHAI pre-receipted bills in 

triplicate for the respective quarter based on actual number of locations/ services 
provided and approved rates for the number of days worked in a month duly 
verified by the representative of the Employer. 

 



 

Page 79 of 80 

(ii) The System Integrator shall not receive any remuneration in connection with the 
assignment, except or otherwise, provided in the Contract.  

 
i. Changes in the Payment terms: In case the provisions of payment terms change in any 

manner, the parties agree to change the sum of consideration as per mutual 
agreement. Such changes, if any shall be treated as variation to the Contract.  

 
ii. SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES 

 
(i) Amicable Settlement: The Parties shall use their best efforts to settle amicably 

all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Contract or its interpretation. 
 
(ii) Arbitration:  

In the event of any dispute or difference arising out or connected to this 
Contract and/ or in relation to the implementation or interpretation hereof, the 
same shall be resolved initially by mutual discussion and conciliation but in the 
event of failure thereof, the same shall be referred to Sole Arbitrator(The 
Chairman of NHAI or his nominee) and the decision of the Sole Arbitrator shall 
be final and binding upon the Parties. The arbitration shall be held in Delhi and 
the Sole Arbitrator shall give his award in accordance with “The Arbitration and 
Conciliation Act, 1996”. In this clause the expression “Chairman, NHAI” shall 
also include any person who for the time being is the administrative head of 
NHAIor any person for the time being is officiating as Chairman, NHAI.  
In the event of death of the Sole Arbitrator, or he neglects or refuses to act or 
resigns or is unable to act for any reason or his award being set aside by the 
Court for any reason it shall be lawful for the Chairman, NHAIor his nominee to 
appoint another arbitrator in place of outgoing arbitrator in the manner 
aforesaid. 

 
(iii) Jurisdiction: This Contract  shall  be subject  to  the  exclusive jurisdiction  of  

the  courts  in Delhi. 
 
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
 

a. One or more damages may be imposed concurrently; however, the same shall be 
limited to 5% of the Contract Price. Once the amount of damages is equal to 5% of 
the Contract Price, the Employer, at its discretion, may consider termination of the 
Contract as well as forfeiture of Performance Security. 

 
b. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Contract, in no event shall either 

Party be liable, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, for special, punitive, indirect 
or consequential damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits or revenues 
arising under or in connection with this Contract even if such Party has been 
advised in advance of their possibility. 

 
c. The System Integrator shall have adequate Technical Support Centers/ Network 

Operations Center (NOC) to meet the service level requirements defined in the 
tender document. The System Integrator shall provide contact number on which all 
calls will be logged. The System Integrator shall furnish the names, locations, 
complete postal address, Telephone numbers and FAX numbers of all Technical 
Support Centers at the time of signing the Contract. The System Integrator shall 
also provide escalation matrix to escalate the unresolved issues 

 



 

Page 80 of 80 

 
9. REVIEW OF PERFORMANCE: 

 
The Employer shall review from time to time, the performance reports provided by the 
System Integrator. The Employer may suggest any modifications/ changes considered 
necessary in presentation of reports for better monitoring. Based on the review of 
performance, the System Integrator/ its personnel shall be adjudged performing or non-
performing and appropriate action shall be taken by the Employer under this Contract. 

 
10. FORFEITURE OF PERFORMANCE SECURITY 

 
In the event of forfeiture of Performance Security by the Employer before termination of the 
Contract, in accordance with the terms of this Contract, the System Integrator shall 
replenish the same within 10 days of the forfeiture thereof. 

 
11. EXTENSION OF CONTRACT: 
 

The initial duration of contract will be of 3 (three) years. The Employer reserves the right to 
extend the Contract by additional 2 (two) years, beyond the initial Contract Period of 3 
(three) year subject to satisfactory performance by the System Integrator and continued 
requirement of the Employer.  

 
 


