











































Microsoft Word - Draft RFP DAS_V2.0.docx


 

2018 
 
 
 

 

RFP	 for	 Supply	 &	 Installation	 of	 Direct	
Access	 Storage	 (DAS)	 for	 RSDC	 through	
Open	Competitive	e-Bidding 

 
F5(1127)/DoIT/Tech/2018/00920/2018  dated 01/06/2018 

 
 
 

Mode of Bid Submission Online though e-Procurement/ e-Tendering system at 

http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in  

Procuring Authority Commissioner, 

Deptt. of IT&C, Govt. of Rajasthan  

II Floor, Yojna Bhawan, Tilak Marg, C-Scheme, 

Jaipur (Rajasthan) 

Last Date & Time of Submission of Bid As per NIT 

Date & Time of Opening of Technical Bid As per NIT 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

II Floor, Yojana Bhawan, Tilak Marg, C-Scheme, Jaipur (Rajasthan) 

Phone: 0141-5103902, 2221482 Fax: 0141-2222011 

Web: http://doitc.rajasthan.gov.in, Email: proc.cell.doitc@rajasthan.gov.in 

 
 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 2 of 57 
 
 

ABBREVIATIONS & DEFINITIONS 

Act 
The  Rajasthan  Transparency  in  Public Procurement Act, 2012 (Act No. 21 of 
2012) and Rules thereto 

Authorised Signatory The bidder’s representative/ officer vested (explicitly, implicitly, or through 
conduct) with the powers to commit the authorizing organization to a binding 
agreement. Also called signing officer/ authority having the Power of Attorney 
(PoA) from the competent authority of the respective Bidding firm. 

BG Bank Guarantee 

Bid/ eBid A formal offer made in pursuance of an invitation by a procuring entity and 
includes any tender, proposal  or quotation in electronic format 

Bid Security 
A security provided to the procuring entity by a bidder for securing the fulfilment 
of any obligation in terms of the provisions of the bidding documents. 

Bidding Document 
Documents issued by the procuring entity, including any amendments thereto, that 
set out the terms and conditions of the given procurement and includes the 
invitation to bid 

BoM Bill of Material 

CMC Contract Monitoring Committee 

Competent Authority An authority or officer to whom  the  relevant  administrative  or  financial  powers 
have  been  delegated  for  taking  decision  in  a  matter relating to procurement. 
Commissioner, DoIT&C, GoR in this bidding document. 

Contract/ Procurement 
Contract 

A contract entered into between the procuring entity and a successful bidder 
concerning the subject matter of procurement 

Day A calendar day as per GoR/ GoI. 

DOIT&C Department of Information Technology and Communications, Government of 
Rajasthan. 

FOR/ FOB Free on Board or Freight on Board 

GoI/ GoR Govt. of India/ Govt. of Rajasthan 

Goods 

All articles, material, commodities, electricity, livestock, furniture, fixtures, raw 
material, spares, instruments, software, machinery, equipment, industrial  plant,  
vehicles,  aircraft,  ships,  railway rolling  stock     and  any  other  category  of  
goods, whether in solid, liquid or gaseous form, purchased or otherwise acquired 
for the use of a procuring entity as  well  as  services  or  works  incidental  to  the 
supply  of  the  goods  if  the  value  of  services  or works or both does not exceed 
that of the goods themselves 

ICT Information and Communication Technology. 

IFB 
Invitation for Bid (A document published by the  procuring  entity  inviting  Bid  
relating  to  the subject matter of procurement and any amendment thereto and 
includes notice inviting Bid and request for proposal) 

INR Indian Rupee 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 3 of 57 
 
 

IT Information Technology 

ITB Instruction to Bidders 

LD Liquidated Damages 

LoI Letter of Intent 

NCB A bidding process in which qualified bidders only from within India are allowed 
to participate 

NIB Notice Inviting Bid 

Notification A notification published in the Official Gazette 

OEM Original Equipment Manufacturer 

PAN Permanent Account Number 

PBG Performance Bank Guarantee 

PC Procurement/ Purchase Committee 

PQ Pre-Qualification 

Procurement Process 
The  process  of procurement extending from the issue of invitation to Bid till the 
award of the procurement contract or cancellation of the procurement process, as 
the case may be 

Procurement/ Public 
Procurement 

The acquisition by purchase, lease, license or otherwise of works, goods or 
services, including award of Public Private Partnership projects, by a procuring 
entity whether directly or through an agency with which a contract for procurement 
services is entered into, but does not include any acquisition without consideration, 
and “procure” or “procured” shall be construed accordingly 

PSD/ SD Performance Security Deposit/ Security Deposit 

Purchaser/ Tendering 
Authority/ Procuring 
Entity 

Person or entity that is a recipient of a good or service provided by a seller (bidder) 
under a purchase order or contract of sale. Also called buyer. DoIT&C, GoR in this 
RFP document. 

RISL RajCOMP Info Services Limited 

RSDC Rajasthan State Data Centre or any of its wings 

State Government Government of Rajasthan (GoR) 

STQC Standardisation Testing and Quality Certification, Govt. of India 

TPA Third Party Auditors 

GST Goods and Services Tax 

WO/ PO Work Order/ Purchase Order 
 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 4 of 57 
 
 

1. INVITATION FOR BID (IFB) & NOTICE INVITING BID (NIB)  
F5(1127)/DoIT/Tech/2018 /                                                                                        dated 01.06.2018 

Name & Address of the 

Procuring Entity 

• Name: Commissioner, DoIT&C, GoR 
• Address: IT Building, Yojana Bhawan Campus, Tilak Marg,C-Scheme, 

Jaipur (Rajasthan) 

Name & Address of the 
Project Officer In-charge 
(POIC) 

• Name: Rajeev Gujral 
• Designation: Sr. Project Officer 
• Address: IT Building, Yojana Bhawan Campus, Tilak Marg, C-Scheme, 

Jaipur (Rajasthan) 
Subject Matter of 
Procurement 

Supply & Installation of Direct Access Storage (DAS) for RSDC 

Bid Procedure 
Single-stage: two part (envelop) open competitive e-Bid procedure at 
http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in 

Bid Evaluation Criteria  
(Selection Method) 

Lowest evaluated Technically responsive bidder will be awarded the 
Contract 

Websites for downloading 
Bidding Document, 
Corrigendum’s, Addendums 
etc. 

• Websites: http://sppp.rajasthan.gov.in, http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in, 
http://doitc.rajasthan.gov.in 

Fees 

• Bidding document fee: Rs. 5,000 (Rupees Five thousand only) in Cash 
challan/ Demand Draft/BC in favour of “Technical Director, DoIT&C” 
payable at “Jaipur”.  

• RISL Processing Fee: Rs. 1,000 (Rupees one thousand only) in Demand 
Draft/BC in favour of “Managing Director, RISL” payable at “Jaipur”. 

• EMD/Bid Security: Amount (INR): Rs. 5,00,000/- (Rupees Five Lakhs 
only) [2% of the estimated procurement cost] in the form of DD/BC/BG 
in favour of “Technical Director, DoIT&C” payable at “Jaipur”.. 

Estimated Procurement 
Cost 

Rs. 2,50,000,00/- (Rupees Two Crores and Fifty Lakhs only) excl. taxes 

Bid Security and Mode of 
Payment 

• Mode of Payment: Banker’s Cheque or Demand Draft 

Period of download of 
Bidding Document (Start/ 
End Date) 

• 01.06.2018 to 02.07.2018 

Date/ Time/ Place of PreBid 
Meeting 

• Date: 08.06.2018, 3.30 PM  
• Place: DoIT&C, Committee Room, Second Floor, IT Building, Yojana 

Bhawan Campus, Tilak Marg, C-Scheme, Jaipur (Rajasthan) 
• Prebid queries to be emailed in the specified format (in word file format 

only) at proc.cell.doitc@rajasthan.gov.in 

Manner, Start/ End Date for 
the submission of Bids 

• Manner: Online at e-Procurement website  
(http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in) 

• 25.06.2018 to 02.07.2018, 4 PM 
Submission of Banker’s 
Cheque/ Demand Draft for 
Tender Fee, Bid Security, 
and Processing Fee* 

• Till 02.07.2018, 4 PM 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 5 of 57 
 
 

Date/ Time/ Place of 
Technical Bid Opening 

• Date: 02.07.2018, 5:30 PM  
• Place: DoIT&C, Committee Room, Second Floor, IT Building, Yojana 

Bhawan Campus, Tilak Marg, C-Scheme, Jaipur (Rajasthan) 
Date/ Time/ Place of 
Financial Bid Opening 

Will be intimated later to the Technically qualified bidders 

Bid Validity 90 days from the bid opening date 
 

Note: 
1) Bidder (authorised signatory) shall submit their offer on-line in Electronic formats both for technical and financial 

proposal. However, DD for Tender Fees, RISL Processing Fees and Bid Security should be submitted physically at 
the office of Tendering Authority as prescribed in NIB and scanned copy of same should also be uploaded along 
with the technical Bid/ cover. 

2) * In case, any of the bidders fails to physically submit the Banker’s Cheque/ Demand Draft for Tender Fee, Bid 
Security, and RISL Processing Fee up to time and date mentioned in the NIB, its Bid shall not be accepted.  

a. The Banker’s Cheque/ Demand Draft for Bidding document fee and Bid Security should be drawn in 
favour of “Technical Director, DoIT&C” and  

b. The RISL Processing Fee in favour of “Managing Director, RISL” payable at “Jaipur” from any 
Scheduled Commercial Bank. 

3) To participate in online bidding process, Bidders must procure a Digital Signature Certificate (Type III) as per 
Information Technology Act-2000 using which they can digitally sign their electronic bids. Bidders can procure the 
same from any CCA approved certifying agency, i.e. TCS, Safecrypt, Ncode etc. Bidders who already have a valid 
Digital Signature Certificate (DSC) need not procure a new DSC. Also, bidders must register on 
http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in (bidders already registered on http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in before 30-09-2011 must 
register again). 

4) DoIT&C will not be responsible for delay in online submission due to any reason. For this, bidders are requested 
to upload the complete bid well advance in time so as to avoid 11th hour issues like slow speed; choking of web 
site due to heavy load or any other unforeseen problems.  
5) Bidders are also advised to refer "Bidders Manual Kit" available at e-Procurement website for further details 

about the e-Tendering process. 
6) Training for the bidders on the usage of e-Tendering System (e-Procurement) is also being arranged by DoIT&C 

on a regular basis. Bidders interested for training may contact e-Procurement Cell, DoIT&C for booking the training 
slot. 
 Contact No: 0141-4022688 (Help desk 10 am to 6 pm on all working days) 
 e-mail: eproc@rajasthan.gov.in 
 Address : e-Procurement Cell, RISL, YojanaBhawan, Tilak Marg, C-Scheme, Jaipur 

7) The procuring entity reserves the complete right to cancel the bid process and reject any or all of the Bids. 
8) No contractual obligation whatsoever shall arise from the bidding document/ bidding process unless and until a 

formal contract is signed and executed between the procuring entity and the successful bidder. 
9) Procurement entity disclaims any factual/ or other errors in the bidding document (the onus is purely on the 

individual bidders to verify such information) and the information provided therein are intended only to help the 
bidders to prepare a logical bid-proposal. 

10)The provisions of RTPPA Act 2012 and Rules thereto shall be applicable for this procurement. Furthermore, in case 
of any inconsistency in any of the provisions of this bidding document with the RTPP Act 2012 and Rules thereto, 
the later shall prevail. 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 6 of 57 
 
 

 

 

 

 

2. PROJECT PROFILE & BACKGROUND INFORMATION 

1) Project Profile 

a) Government of Rajasthan aims to utilize the benefits of Information Technology to bring about radical 

changes in the way various processes are carried out presently to improve the Accountability, 

Transparency & Effectiveness in Government administration. The ultimate objective is to arm the 

Government with IT enabled systems to assist them in carrying out their day-to-day functions to help 

deliver G2G, G2B and G2E services. 

b) DoITC through RajComp Info Services Ltd. is State level implementing department for various flagship 

core IT infrastructure Projects of the State namely few;  RSDC, RajSWAN, RajNet, Multi-layered 

Security Framework etc. 

c) DoITC is presently using MS-Exchange Server 2016 as its Mailing Solution for hosting Email A/c of 

state govt. employees. Looking to the increasing mailbox capacities and new mailbox creation requests 

from multiple departments the existing storage is 80% populated. Hence, it is proposed to procure and 

deploy dedicated Direct Attached Storage (DAS) for MS-Exchange Mailbox Servers (2 Nos.) in DAG 

Cluster.  

d) The Bidder shall Supply, Install, configure, integrate and commission the devices at RSDC, Jaipur and 

thereafter provide Comprehensive onsite support & maintenance services for a period of Three years 

from the date of commissioning.  

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 7 of 57 
 
 

3. QUALIFICATION/ ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 

1) A bidder participating in the procurement process shall possess the following minimum pre-qualification/ 

eligibility criteria. 

S. 
No. 

Basic 
Requirement 

Specific Requirements Documents Required 

1 Legal Entity  
  

The bidder should be a Proprietorship firm duly 
registered either under the Rajasthan Shops & 
Commercial Establishments Act, 1958 or any 
other Act of State/ Union, as applicable for dealing 
in the subject matter of procurement 
(Note: A self-certified declaration regarding the 
non-applicability of registration to any Act should 
be submitted by the bidder) 

OR 
A company registered under Indian Companies 
Act, 1956  

OR 
A partnership firm registered under Indian 
Partnership Act, 1932.  

OR 
Limited Liability Partnership firm registered 
under Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008. 

Copy of valid 
Registration Certificate 

2 Financial 
Turnover, Net 
Worth & Other 
documents 

1. Average Annual Turnover from IT/ITeS for 
last three financial years i.e. 2014-15 to 2016-
17 (as per the published audited balance 
sheets) should be at least equal to estimated 
cost of procurement.  

2. The net worth of the bidder, as on 31/03/2017 
should be Positive. 

3. Copy of PAN Card 
4. Copy of GST Registration 

CA Certificate with CA’s 
Registration Number/ 
Seal  
 
 
 
Relevant documents 

4 Technical 
Capability  

The bidder must have successfully completed 
supply order of IT Infrastructure amounting to not 
less than Rs. 2 Crores. The order date should be on 
or after 01.04.2014. 
 

Copies of supply order & 
its installation document 

Or 
Copies of supply order & 
its work completion 
certificate 

5 Mandatory Undertaking A Self Certified letter as 
per Annexure-4: Self-
Declaration  

6 Certification of bidder - Copy of a valid ISO 
9001:2008 (or 
latest) certificate  

- Copy of a valid ISO 
27001:2013 (or 
latest) certificate 

 

 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 8 of 57 
 
 

4. SCOPE OF WORK, DELIVERABLES & TIMELINES 

1) Details of work (SoW) 

DoITC invites proposals for Supply, Installation & Maintenance of Direct Access Storage (DAS) for RSDC 

(details as per Annexure-1: Bill of Material and Annexure-2: Technical Specifications) for a period of Three 

Years.  

Bidder shall: -  

A. Supply, Installation, Support & Maintenance and Training 
i. Supply items as per Annexure-1: Bill of Material and Annexure-2: Technical Specifications. 

ii. Install & Integrate the supplied items at RSDC, Jaipur and obtain installation certificate for it from 

the designated officer(s).  

The purchaser may change the installation location at a later stage.  

iii. Bidder shall arrange OEM Taining on the administration and usage of the supplied/ installed devices 

(End to End) to designated officers of DoIT&C/ RISL after installation of the deliverables. The 

training to be provided shall be of 2 days duration and schedule for the same shall be given by the 

purchaser. The bidder shall provide the related training materials in hard & soft copy to all the 

participants (tentatively 15).  

B. Operations & Maintenance for a Period of Three Years from the Date of Installation 
i. Bidder shall be responsible for providing updates, patches & upgrades to the solution for 3 years 

from the date of supply/installation and as and when released by OEM. 

ii. Bidder shall be responsible for providing warranty services for 3 years from the date of 

supply/installation and as and when released by OEM. 

 
2) Project Deliverables, Milestones & Time Schedule  

S. 
No. 

Project Activity/ Scope of 
Work 

Deliverables 
(Reports/ Docs./ Infra.) 

Timelines  

1.  Completion of Activity as 
mentioned in section 4. (1)-A 
(as above) 

i. Delivery Challan 
ii. Installation Report 
iii. OEM Warranty certificate  

Within 60 days from the 
date of issuance of work 
order 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 9 of 57 
 
 

5. INSTRUCTION TO BIDDER (ITB) 

1) Downloading of Bidding/ Tender Documents 

a) The bidding documents shall be available from the date of publication of NIB and shall be stopped as 

per NIB. The complete bidding document shall also be placed on the SPPP and e-Procurement portal. 

The Bidder shall be permitted to download the bidding document from the websites. 

2) Pre-bid Clarifications 

a) As  per NIT 

b) Prospective bidder shall attend the pre-bid meeting after submission of Bid document fees as per NIT  

3) Changes in the Bidding Document 

a) At any time, prior to the deadline for submission of  Bid, the procuring entity may for any reason,  

whether on its own initiative or as a result of a request for clarification by bidder/authorised partner, 

modify the bidding documents by issuing an addendum in accordance with the provisions below. 

b) In case, any modification is made to the bidding document or any clarification is issued which materially 

affects the terms contained in the bidding document, the procuring entity shall publish such modification 

or clarification in the same manner as the publication of the initial bidding document. 

c) In case, a clarification or modification is issued to the bidding document, the procuring entity may, prior 

to the last date for submission of Bid, extend such time limit in order to allow the bidder sufficient time 

to take into account the clarification or modification, as the case may be, while submitting their Bid. 

d) Bidder/authorised partner, who has submitted his Bid in response to the original invitation, shall have 

the opportunity to modify or re-submit it, as the case may be, within the period of time originally allotted 

or such extended time as may be allowed for submission of Bid, when changes are made to the bidding 

document by the procuring entity; provided that the Bid last submitted or the Bid as modified by the 

bidder shall be considered for evaluation. 

4) Period of Validity of Bid 

a) Bid submitted by the bidder shall remain valid during the period specified in the NIB/ bidding 

document. A Bid valid for a shorter period shall be rejected by the procuring entity as non-responsive 

Bid. 

b) Prior to the expiry of the period of validity of Bid, the procuring entity, in exceptional circumstances, 

may request the bidder to  extend  the  bid  validity  period  for  an  additional specified period of  time. 

The Bidder may refuse the request and such refusal shall be treated as withdrawal of Bid and in such 

circumstances bid security, if applicable shall not be forfeited. 

5) Format and Signing of Bid 

a) Bidder must submit their Bid online at e-Procurement portal i.e. http://eproc.rajasthan.gov.in. 

b) All the documents uploaded should be digitally signed with the DSC of authorized signatory and 

uploaded only in PDF format with clear readability and prescribed filename as mentioned in the table 

below. 

c) A Single stage-Two part/ cover system shall be followed for the Bid: - 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 10 of 57 
 
 

a. Technical Bid, including fee details, eligibility & technical documents 

b. Financial Bid 

d) The technical bid shall consist of the following documents: - 

S. No. Documents Type Document Format 
Fee Details 

1.  RISL Processing Fee (e-Procurement Instrument/ Proof of submission 
Eligibility Documents 

2.  Bidder’s Authorisation Certificate As per Annexure-3 and copy of 
PoA/ Board resolution stating that 
Auth. Signatory (DSC holder) can 
sign the bid/ contract on behalf of 
the firm. 

3.  All the documents mentioned in the “Eligibility 
Criteria”, in support of the eligibility 

As per the format mentioned 
against the respective eligibility 
criteria clause 

Documents 
4.  Self-Declaration, Certificate of Conformity/ 

No Deviation and Declaration by Bidders 
As per Annexure-4 

5.  Manufacturer’s Authorisation Form (MAF) As per Annexure-5 
6.  Undertaking on Authenticity of Comp. Equip. As per Annexure-6  
7.  Components Offered + Technical specifications 

compliance sheet for all items only on OEM’s 
letter-head 

As per Annexure-7 

Note: Please note that the bidder shall not upload Seal and Signed copy of RFP Document on the 
eProc. 

b) Financial bid shall include the following documents: - 

S. No. Documents Type Document Format 
1.  Financial Bid - Format As per BoQ (.XLS) format available on e-Procurement 

portal 
 

c) The Bidder should ensure that all the required documents, as mentioned in this bidding document, are 

submitted along with the Bid and in the prescribed format only. Non-submission of the required 

documents or submission of the documents in a different format/ contents may lead to the rejections of 

the Bid submitted by the bidder/authorised partner. 

6) Cost & Language of Bidding 

a) The bidder shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of its Bid, and the 

procuring entity shall not be responsible or liable for those costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome 

of the bidding process. 

b) The Bid, as well as all correspondence and documents relating to the Bid exchanged by the bidder and 

the procuring entity, shall be written only in English Language. Supporting documents and printed 

literature that are part of the Bid may be in another language provided they are accompanied by an 

accurate translation of the relevant passages in English/ Hindi language, in which case, for purposes of 

interpretation of the Bid, such translation shall govern. 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 11 of 57 
 
 

7) Deadline for the submission of Bid 

a) Bid shall be received online at e-Procurement portal and up to the time and date specified in the NIB. 

b) Normally, the date of submission and opening of Bid would not be extended. In exceptional 

circumstances or when the bidding document are required to be substantially modified as a result of 

discussions in pre-bid meeting/ conference or otherwise and the time with the prospective Bidder for 

preparation of Bid appears insufficient, the date may be extended by the procuring entity. In such case 

the publicity of extended time and date shall be given in the manner, as was given at the time of issuing 

the original NIB and shall also be placed on the State Public Procurement Portal, if applicable. It would 

be ensured that after issue of corrigendum, reasonable time is available to the bidder for preparation 

and submission of their Bid. The procuring entity shall also publish such modifications in the bidding 

document in the same manner as the publication of initial bidding document. If, in the office of the Bid 

receiving and opening authority, the last date of submission or opening of Bid is a non-working day, 

the Bid shall be received or opened on the next working day. 

 

8) Withdrawal, Substitution, and Modification of Bid 

a) If permitted on e-Procurement portal, a bidder may withdraw its Bid or re-submit its Bid (technical and/ 

or financial cover) as per the instructions/ procedure mentioned at e-Procurement website under the 

section "Bidder's Manual Kit". 

b) Bid withdrawn shall not be opened and processes further. 

c) No bid shall be withdrawn, substituted, or modified after the last time and date fixed for receipt of Bid. 

9) Opening of Bid 

a) The Bid shall be opened by the bid opening & evaluation committee on the date and time mentioned in 

the NIB in the presence of the bidder or their authorised representatives who choose to be present.  

b) The committee may co-opt experienced persons in the committee to conduct the process of Bid opening. 

c) The committee shall prepare a list of the bidder or their representatives attending the opening of Bid 

and obtain their signatures on the same. The list shall also contain the representative’s name and 

telephone number and corresponding bidders’ names and addresses. The authority letters, if any, 

brought by the representatives shall be attached to the list. The list shall be signed by all the members 

of Bid opening committee with date and time of opening of the Bid. 

d) All the documents comprising of technical Bid/ cover shall be opened & downloaded from the e-

Procurement website (only for the bidder who have submitted the prescribed fee(s) to RISL). 

e) The committee shall conduct a preliminary scrutiny of the opened technical Bid to assess the prima-

facie responsiveness and ensure that the: - 

a. bid is accompanied by processing fee (if applicable); 

b. bid is valid for the period, specified in the bidding document; 

c. bid is unconditional and the bidder has agreed to give the required performance security; and 

d. other conditions, as specified in the bidding document are fulfilled. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 12 of 57 
 
 

e. any other information which the committee may consider appropriate. 

f) No Bid shall be rejected at the time of Bid opening except the Bid not accompanied with the proof of 

payment or instrument of the required processing fee. 

g) The Financial Bid cover shall be kept unopened and shall be opened later on the date and time intimated 

to the bidder who qualify in the evaluation of technical Bid. 

10) Selection Method: The Lowest financially evaluated & technically responsive bidder shall be selected for 

award of contract. 

11) Clarification of Bid 

a) To assist in the examination, evaluation, comparison and qualification of the Bid, the bid evaluation 

committee may, at its discretion, ask Bidder for a clarification regarding its Bid. The committee’s 

request for clarification and the response of the bidder shall be through the e-Procurement portal. 

b) Any clarification submitted by Bidder with regard to its Bid that is not in response to a request by the 

committee shall not be considered. 

c) No change in the prices or substance of the Bid shall be sought, offered, or permitted, except to confirm 

the correction of arithmetic errors discovered by the committee in the evaluation of the financial Bid. 

d) No substantive change to qualification information or to a submission, including changes aimed at 

making unqualified bidder/authorised partner, qualified or an unresponsive submission, responsive 

shall be sought, offered or permitted. 

12) Evaluation & Tabulation of Technical Bid 

a) Determination of Responsiveness 
a. The bid evaluation committee shall determine the responsiveness of a Bid on the basis of bidding 

document and the provisions of criteria as mentioned in the bidding document. 

b. A responsive Bid is one that meets the requirements of the bidding document without any material 

deviation, reservation, or omission where: - 

i. “deviation” is a departure from the requirements specified in the bidding document; 

ii. “reservation” is the setting of limiting conditions or withholding from complete acceptance  of 

the requirements specified in the bidding document; and 

iii. “Omission” is the failure to submit part or all of the information or documentation required in 

the bidding document. 

c. A material deviation, reservation, or omission is one that,  

i. if accepted, shall:- 

1. affect in any substantial way the scope, quality, or performance of the subject matter   of 

procurement specified in the bidding documents; or 

2. limits in any substantial way, inconsistent with the bidding documents, the procuring 

entity’s rights or the bidder’s obligations under the proposed contract; or 

ii. if rectified, shall unfairly affect the competitive position of other bidders presenting responsive 

Bid, if applicable. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 13 of 57 
 
 

d. The bid evaluation committee shall examine the technical aspects of the Bid in particular, to confirm 

that all requirements of bidding document have been met without any material deviation, 

reservation or omission. 

e. The procuring entity shall regard a Bid as responsive if it conforms to all requirements set out in 

the bidding document, or it contains minor deviations that do not materially alter or depart from the 

characteristics, terms, conditions and other requirements set out in the bidding document, or if it 

contains errors or oversights that can be corrected without touching on the substance of the Bid. 

b) Non-material Non-conformities in Bid 
a. The bid evaluation committee may waive any non-conformities in the Bid that do not   constitute a 

material deviation, reservation or omission, the Bid shall be deemed to be substantially responsive. 

b. The bid evaluation committee may request the bidder to submit the necessary information or 

document like audited statement of accounts/ CA Certificate, Registration Certificate, GST/VAT/ 

CST clearance certificate, ISO/ CMMi Certificates, etc. within a  reasonable period of time. Failure 

of the Bidder to comply with the request may result in the rejection of its Bid. 

c. The bid evaluation committee may rectify non-material nonconformities or omissions on the basis 

of the information or documentation received from the bidder under (b) above. 

c) Technical Evaluation Criteria: Bid shall be evaluated based on the compliance of the documents 
submitted in the technical bid. 

d) Tabulation of Technical Bid 
a. If Technical Bid has been invited, they shall be tabulated by the bid evaluation committee to 

evaluate the qualification of the Bidder against the criteria for qualification set out in the bidding 

document.  

b. The members of bid evaluation committee shall give their recommendations regarding meeting of 

bidder in required qualification in evaluation of Technical Bid and sign it. 

e) The bidder/authorised partner, if qualified in the technical evaluation shall be informed in writing about 

the date, time and place of opening of the financial Bid.  

13) Evaluation & Tabulation of Financial Bid: Subject to the provisions of “Acceptance of Successful Bid 

and Award of Contract” below, the procuring entity shall take following actions for evaluation of financial 

Bid:- 

a) The financial Bid of the Bidder (if qualified in technical evaluation) shall be opened online at the 

notified time, date and place by the bid evaluation committee in the presence of the bidder or their 

representatives who choose to be present; 

b) the process of opening of the financial Bid shall be similar to that of technical Bid. 

c) the names of the bidder , the rates given and conditions put, if any, shall be read out and recorded; 

d) conditional Bid is liable to be rejected; 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 14 of 57 
 
 

e) the evaluation shall include all costs and all taxes and duties applicable to the bidder as per law of the 

Central/ State Government/ Local Authorities, and the evaluation criteria specified in the bidding 

documents shall only be applied; 

f) it shall be ensured that the offer recommended for sanction is justifiable looking to the prevailing market 

rates of the goods, works or service required to be procured. 

14) Correction of Arithmetic Errors in Financial Bid: The bid evaluation committee shall correct 

arithmetical errors in substantially responsive Bid, on the following basis, namely: - 

a) if there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by multiplying the 

unit price and quantity, the unit price shall prevail and the total price shall be corrected, unless in the 

opinion of the bid evaluation committee there is an obvious misplacement of the decimal point in the 

unit price, in which case the total price as quoted shall govern and the unit price shall be corrected; 

b) if there is an error in a total corresponding to the addition or subtraction of subtotals, the subtotals shall 

prevail and the total shall be corrected; and 

c) if there is a discrepancy between words and figures, the amount in words shall prevail, unless the 

amount expressed in words is related to an arithmetic error, in which case the amount in figures shall 

prevail subject to clause (a) and (b) above. 

15) Price/ purchase preference  

Price and/ or purchase preference (including bidding document fees, EMD and Performance Security) 

notified by the State Government (GoR), Price preference policy for MSME enterprise (as per new circular 

on Nov. 19, 2015) & any other notification issued by GoR for price preference and as mentioned in the 

bidding document shall be considered in the evaluation of Bids and award of Rate contract. 

16) Negotiations 

a) Except in case of procurement by method of single source procurement or procurement by competitive 

negotiations, to the extent possible, no negotiations shall be conducted after the pre-bid stage. All 

clarifications needed to be sought shall be sought in the pre-bid stage itself. 

b) Negotiations may, however, be undertaken when the rates are considered to be much higher than the 

prevailing market rates. 

c) The bid evaluation committee shall have full powers to undertake negotiations. Detailed reasons and 

results of negotiations shall be recorded in the proceedings. 

d) The Bidder shall be informed in writing either through messenger or by registered letter and e-mail (if 

available). A minimum time of seven days shall be given for calling negotiations. In case of urgency 

the bid evaluation committee, after recording reasons, may reduce the time, provided the Bidder has 

received the intimation and consented to regarding holding of negotiations. 

e) Negotiations shall not make the original offer made by the bidder inoperative. The bid evaluation 

committee shall have option to consider the original offer in case the bidder decides to increase rates 

originally quoted or imposes any new terms or conditions. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 15 of 57 
 
 

f) In case of non-satisfactory achievement of rates from bidder/authorised partner, the bid evaluation 

committee may choose to make a written counter offer to the bidder and if this is not accepted by him, 

the committee may decide to reject and re-invite Bid. 

g) In case the rates even after the negotiations are considered very high, fresh Bid shall be invited. 

17) Exclusion of Bid/ Disqualification 

a) A procuring entity shall exclude/ disqualify a Bid, if: - 

a. the information submitted, concerning the qualifications of the bidder/authorised partner, was false 

or constituted a misrepresentation; or 

b. the information submitted, concerning the qualifications of the bidder/authorised partner, was 

materially inaccurate or incomplete; and  

c. the bidder is not qualified as per pre-qualification/ eligibility criteria mentioned in the bidding 

document; 

d. the Bid materially departs from the requirements specified in the bidding document or it contains 

false information; 

e. the bidder/authorised partner, submitting the Bid, his agent or any one acting on his behalf, gave or 

agreed to give, to any officer or employee of the procuring entity or other governmental authority 

a gratification in any form, or any other thing of value, so as to unduly influence the procurement 

process; 

f. a bidder/authorised partner, in the opinion of the procuring entity, has a conflict of interest 

materially affecting fair competition. 

b) A Bid shall be excluded/ disqualified as soon as the cause for its exclusion/ disqualification is 

discovered. 

c) Every decision of a procuring entity to exclude a Bid shall be for reasons to be recorded in writing and 

shall be: - 

a. communicated to the bidder in writing;  

b. published on the State Public Procurement Portal, if applicable. 

18) Acceptance of the successful Bid and award of contract 

a) The procuring entity after considering the recommendations of the bid evaluation committee and the 

conditions of Bid, if any, financial implications, trials, sample testing and test reports, etc., shall accept 

or reject the successful Bid. If any member of the bid evaluation committee, has disagreed or given its 

note of dissent, the matter shall be referred to the next higher authority, as per delegation of financial 

powers, for decision. 

b) Decision on Bid shall be taken within original validity period of Bid and time period allowed to 

procuring entity for taking decision. If the decision is not taken within the original validity period or 

time limit allowed for taking decision, the matter shall be referred to the next higher authority in 

delegation of financial powers for decision. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 16 of 57 
 
 

c) Before award of the contract, the procuring entity shall ensure that the price of successful Bid is 

reasonable and consistent with the required quality. 

d) A Bid shall be treated as successful only after the competent authority has approved the procurement in 

terms of that Bid. 

e) The procuring entity shall award the contract to the bidder whose offer has been determined to be the 

lowest or most advantageous in accordance with the evaluation criteria set out in the bidding document 

and if the bidder has been determined to be qualified to perform the contract satisfactorily on the basis 

of qualification criteria fixed for the bidder in the bidding document for the subject matter of 

procurement. 

f) Prior to the expiration of the period of bid validity, the procuring entity shall inform the successful 

bidder/authorised partner, in writing, that its Bid has been accepted. 

g) As soon as a Bid is accepted by the competent authority, its written intimation shall be sent to the 

concerned bidder by registered post or email and asked to execute an agreement in the format given in 

the bidding documents on a non-judicial stamp of requisite value and deposit the amount of performance 

security or a performance security declaration, if applicable, within  a period specified in the bidding 

documents or where the period is not specified in the bidding documents then within fifteen days from 

the date on which the letter of acceptance or letter of intent is dispatched to the bidder/authorised 

partner. 

h) If the issuance of formal letter of acceptance is likely to take time, in the meanwhile a Letter of Intent 

(LOI) may be sent to the bidder. The acceptance of an offer is complete as soon as the letter of 

acceptance or letter of intent is posted and/ or sent by email (if available) to the  address of the bidder 

given in the bidding document. Until a formal contract is executed, the letter of acceptance or LOI shall 

constitute a binding contract. 

i) After the contract, contract /agreement with the successful bidder is signed and its performance security 

is obtained. 

19) Information and publication of award: Information of award of contract shall be communicated to Bidder 

and published on the respective website(s) as specified in NIB. 

20) Procuring entity’s right to accept or reject Bid: The Procuring entity reserves the right to accept or reject 

Bid, and to annul (cancel) the bidding process and reject Bid at any time prior to award of contract, without 

thereby incurring any liability to the bidder/authorised partner. 

21) Right to vary quantity 

a) If the procuring entity does not procure any subject matter of procurement or procures less than the 

quantity specified in the bidding  documents  due  to  change  in  circumstances,  the  bidder shall  not  

be  entitled  for  any  claim  or  compensation. 

b) Repeat orders for extra items or additional quantities may be placed on the rates and conditions given 

in the contract (if the original order was given after inviting open competitive Bids). Delivery or 

completion period may also be proportionately increased.  



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 17 of 57 
 
 

The limits of repeat order shall be as under: - 

a. 50% of the quantity of the individual items and 50% of the value of original contract in case of 

works; and 

b. 50% of the value of goods or services of the original contract. 

22) Performance Security 

a) Prior to execution of agreement, Performance security shall be solicited from successful bidder except 

the departments of the State Government and undertakings, corporations, autonomous bodies, registered 

societies, co-operative societies which are owned or controlled or managed by the State Government 

and undertakings of the Central Government. However, a performance security declaration shall be 

taken from them. The State Government may relax the provision of performance security in particular 

procurement or any class of procurement.  

b) The amount of performance security shall be 5 %, of the amount of supply/work order in case of 

procurement of goods and services. In case of Small Scale Industries (SSI) of Rajasthan, it shall be 1% 

of the amount of quantity ordered for supply of goods and in case of sick industries, other than SSI, 

whose cases are pending before the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR), it shall 

be 2% of the amount of supply order. 

c) Performance security shall be furnished in any one of the following forms: - 

a. Bank Draft or Banker's Cheque of a scheduled bank; 

b. National    Savings    Certificates    and    any    other script/ instrument under National  Savings 

Schemes for promotion of small savings issued by a Post Office in Rajasthan, if the same can 

be pledged under the relevant rules. They shall be accepted at their surrender value at the time 

of bid and formally transferred in the name of procuring entity with the approval of Head Post 

Master; 

c. Bank guarantee/s of a scheduled bank. It shall be got verified from the issuing bank. Other 

conditions regarding bank guarantee shall be same as mentioned in the bidding document for 

bid security; 

d. Fixed Deposit Receipt (FDR) of a scheduled bank. It shall be in the name of procuring entity 

on account of bidder and discharged by the bidder in advance. The procuring entity shall ensure 

before accepting the FDR that the bidder furnishes an undertaking from the bank to make 

payment/ premature payment of the FDR on demand to the procuring entity without 

requirement of consent of the bidder concerned. In the event of forfeiture of the performance 

security, the Fixed Deposit shall be forfeited along with interest earned on such Fixed Deposit. 

d) Performance security furnished in the form specified in clause [b.] to [d.] of (c) above shall remain valid 

for a period of 60 days beyond the date of completion of all contractual obligations of the 

bidder/authorised partner, including warranty obligations and maintenance and defect liability period. 

e) Forfeiture of Security Deposit: Security amount in full or part may be forfeited, including interest, if 

any, in the following cases:- 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 18 of 57 
 
 

a. When any terms and condition of the contract is breached. 

b. When the bidder fails to make complete supply satisfactorly as per the scope of tender 

document. 

c. if the bidder breaches any provision of code of integrity, prescribed for bidder/authorised 

partner, specified in the bidding document. 

f) Notice will be given to the bidder with reasonable time before PSD deposited is forfeited.  

g) No interest shall be payable on the PSD. 

h) The PSD shall be returned/ refunded after completion of the Contract period. 

23) Execution of agreement 

a) A procurement contract shall come into force from the date on which Agreement is signed. 

b) The successful bidder shall sign the procurement contract within 10 days from the date on which the 

letter of acceptance or letter of intent is despatched to the successful bidder. 

c) If the bidder/authorised partner, who’s Bid has been accepted, fails to sign a written procurement 

contract or fails to furnish the required performance security within specified period, the procuring 

entity shall take action against the successful bidder as per the provisions of the bidding document and 

Act. The procuring entity may, in such case, cancel the procurement process or if it deems fit in 

accordance with the criteria and procedures set out in the bidding document. 

d) The bidder will be required to execute the agreement on a non-judicial stamp of specified value at its 

cost and to be purchased from anywhere in Rajasthan only. 

24) Confidentiality 

a) Notwithstanding anything contained in this bidding document but subject to the provisions of any other 

law for the time being in force providing for disclosure of information, a procuring entity shall not 

disclose any information if such disclosure, in its opinion, is likely to: - 

a. impede enforcement of any law; 

b. affect the security or strategic interests of India;  

c. affect  the  intellectual property rights or legitimate commercial interests of bidders; 

d. affect the legitimate commercial interests of the procuring entity in situations that may include when 

the procurement relates to a project in which the procuring entity is to make a competitive bid, or 

the intellectual property rights of the procuring entity. 

b) The procuring entity shall treat all communications with bidder related to the procurement process in 

such manner as to avoid their disclosure to competing bidders or to any other person not authorised to 

have access to such information. 

c) The procuring entity may impose on bidder and sub-contractors, if there are any for fulfilling the terms 

of the procurement contract, conditions aimed at protecting information, the disclosure of which 

violates (a) above. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 19 of 57 
 
 

d) In addition to the restrictions specified above, the procuring entity, while procuring a subject matter of 

such nature which requires the procuring entity to maintain confidentiality, may impose condition for 

protecting confidentiality of such information. 

25) Cancellation of procurement process 

a) If any procurement process has been cancelled, it shall not be reopened but it shall not prevent the 

procuring entity from initiating a new procurement process for the same subject matter of procurement, 

if required. 

b) A procuring entity may, for reasons to be recorded in writing, cancel the process of procurement 

initiated by it - 

a. at any time prior to the acceptance of the successful Bid; or 

b. after the  successful  Bid is  accepted  in  accordance with (d) and (e) below. 

c) The procuring entity shall not open any Bid or proposals after taking a decision to cancel the 

procurement and shall return such unopened Bid or proposals. 

d) The decision of the procuring entity to cancel the procurement and reasons for such decision shall be 

immediately communicated to bidder/authorised partner. 

e) If the bidder who’s Bid has been accepted as successful fails to sign any written procurement contract 

as required, or fails to provide any required security for the performance of the contract, the procuring 

entity may cancel the procurement process. 

f) If a bidder is convicted of any offence under the Act, the procuring entity may: - 

a. cancel the relevant procurement process if the Bid of the convicted bidder has been declared as 

successful but no procurement contract has been entered into; 

b. rescind (cancel)  the relevant contract or forfeit the payment of all or a part of the contract value if 

the procurement contract has been entered into between the procuring entity and the convicted 

bidder/authorised partner. 

26) Code of Integrity for Bidders 

a) No person participating in a procurement process shall act in contravention of the code of integrity 

prescribed by the State Government. 

b) The code of integrity include provisions for: - 

a. Prohibiting 

i. any  offer,  solicitation  or  acceptance  of  any bribe, reward or gift or any material benefit, 

either directly or indirectly, in exchange for an unfair advantage in the procurement process 

or to otherwise influence the procurement process; 

ii. any omission,  including  a  misrepresentation that misleads or attempts to mislead so as to 

obtain a financial or other benefit or avoid an obligation; 

iii. any collusion, bid rigging or anti-competitive behaviour to impair the transparency, fairness 

and progress of the procurement process; 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 20 of 57 
 
 

iv. improper use of information shared between the procuring entity and the bidder with an intent 

to gain unfair advantage in the procurement process or for personal gain; 

v. any financial or business transactions between the bidder and any officer or employee of the 

procuring entity; 

vi. any coercion including impairing or harming or threatening to do the same, directly or 

indirectly, to any party or to its property to influence the procurement process; 

vii. any obstruction of any investigation or audit of a procurement process; 

b. disclosure of conflict of interest; 

c. disclosure by the bidder of any previous transgressions with any entity in India or any other country 

during the last three years or of any debarment by any other procuring entity. 

c) Without prejudice to the provisions below, in case of any breach of the code of integrity by bidder or 

prospective bidder/authorised partner, as the case may be, the procuring entity may take appropriate 

measures including: - 

a. exclusion of  the bidder from  the  procurement process; 

b. calling-off of pre-contract negotiations and forfeiture or encashment of bid security; 

c. forfeiture or encashment of any other security or bond relating to the procurement; 

d. recovery of payments made by the procuring entity along with interest thereon at bank rate; 

e. cancellation of the relevant contract and recovery of compensation for loss incurred by the 

procuring entity; 

f. debarment of the bidder from participation in future procurements of the procuring entity for a 

period not exceeding three years. 

27) Conflict of Interest: A bidder may be considered to be in conflict of interest with one or more parties in a 

bidding process if, including but not limited to:- 

a) they have controlling partners in common; 

b) they receive or have received any direct or indirect subsidy from any of  them; 

c) they have the same legal representative for purposes of the bid; 

d) they have a relationship with each other, directly or through common third parties, that puts them in a 

position to have access to information about or influence on the bid of another; 

e) A bidder participates in more than one bid in the same bidding process. However, this does not limit 

the inclusion of the same sub-contractor, not otherwise participating as bidder/authorised partner, in 

more than one bid; or 

f) A bidder or any of its affiliates participated as a consultant in the preparation of the design or technical 

specifications of the subject matter of procurement of the bidding process. All bidder shall provide in 

Eligibility Criteria documents, a statement that the bidder is neither associated nor has been associated 

directly or indirectly, with the consultant or any other   entity   that   has   prepared   the   design, 

specifications and other documents for the subject matter of procurement or being proposed as Project 

Manager for the contract. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 21 of 57 
 
 

28) Interference with Procurement Process: A bidder/authorised partner, who: - 

a) withdraws from the procurement process after opening of financial bid; 

b) withdraws  from  the  procurement  process  after being declared the successful bidder/authorised 

partner; 

c) fails to enter into procurement contract after being declared the successful bidder/authorised partner; 

d) fails to provide performance security or any other document or security required in terms of the 

bidding documents   after   being   declared   the successful bidder/authorised partner, without valid 

grounds,  

shall,   in   addition   to   the   recourse   available   in   the   bidding document  or  the  contract,  be  

punished  with  fine  which  may extend to fifty lakh rupees or ten per cent of the assessed value of 

procurement, whichever is less. 

29) Appeals 

a) Subject to “Appeal not to lie in certain cases” below, if any bidder or prospective  bidder is aggrieved 

that any decision, action or omission of the  procuring  entity  is  in  contravention  to  the provisions of 

the Act or the rules or guidelines issued there-under, he may file an appeal to such officer of the 

procuring entity, as may be designated by it for the purpose, within a period of 10 days from the date 

of such decision or action, omission, as the case may be, clearly giving the specific ground or grounds 

on which he feels aggrieved: 

a. Provided that after the declaration of bidder as successful in terms of “Award of Contract”, the 

appeal may be filed only by bidder who has participated in procurement proceedings: 

b. Provided further that in case a procuring entity evaluates the technical Bid before the opening of 

the financial Bid, an appeal related to the matter of financial Bid may be filed only by bidder whose 

technical Bid is found to be acceptable. 

b) The officer to whom an appeal is filed under (a) above shall deal with the appeal as expeditiously as 

possible and shall endeavour to dispose it of within 30 days from the date of filing of the appeal. 

c) If the officer designated under (a) above fails to dispose of the appeal filed under that sub-section within 

the period specified in (b) above, or if the Bidder or prospective bidder or the procuring entity is 

aggrieved by the order passed, the bidder or prospective Bidder or the procuring entity, as the case may 

be, may file a second appeal to an officer or authority designated by the State Government in this behalf 

within 15 days from the expiry of the period specified in (b) above or of the date of receipt of the order 

passed under (b) above, as the case may be. 

d) The officer or authority to which an appeal is filed under (c) above shall deal with the appeal as 

expeditiously as possible and shall endeavour to dispose it of within 30 days from the date of filing of 

the appeal: 

e) The officer or authority to which an appeal may be filed under (a) or (d) above shall be :  

First Appellate Authority: Secretary, IT&C, GoR 

Second Appellate Authority: Secretary(Budget), Finance Department, GoR 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 22 of 57 
 
 

f) Form of Appeal:  

a. Every appeal under (a) and (c) above shall be as per Annexure-13 along with as many copies 

as there are respondents in the appeal. 

b. Every appeal shall be accompanied by an order appealed against, if any, affidavit verifying the 

facts stated in the appeal and proof of payment of fee. 

c. Every appeal may be presented to First Appellate Authority or Second Appellate Authority, as 

the case may be, in person or through registered post or authorised representative. 

g) Fee for Appeal: Fee for filing appeal: 

a. Fee for first appeal shall be rupees two thousand five hundred and for second appeal shall be 

rupees ten thousand, which shall be non-refundable. 

b. The fee shall be paid in the form of bank demand draft or banker’s cheque of a Scheduled Bank 

payable in the name of Appellate Authority concerned. 

h) Procedure for disposal of appeal: 

a. The First Appellate Authority or Second Appellate Authority, as the case may be, upon filing 

of appeal, shall issue notice accompanied by copy of appeal, affidavit and documents, if any, 

to the respondents and fix date of hearing. 

b. On the date fixed for hearing, the First Appellate Authority or Second Appellate Authority, as 

the case may be, shall,- 

i. hear all the parties to appeal present before him; and 

ii. peruse or inspect documents, relevant records or copies thereof relating to the matter. 

c. After hearing the parties, perusal or inspection of documents and relevant records or copies 

thereof relating to the matter, the Appellate Authority concerned shall pass an order in writing 

and provide the copy of order to the parties to appeal free of cost. 

d. The order passed under (c) shall also be placed on the State Public Procurement Portal. 

i) No information which would impair the protection of essential security interests of India, or impede the 

enforcement of law or fair competition, or prejudice the legitimate commercial interests of the bidder 

or the procuring entity, shall be disclosed in a proceeding under an appeal. 

30) Stay of procurement proceedings: While hearing of an appeal, the officer or authority hearing the appeal 

may, on an application made in this behalf and after affording a reasonable opportunity of hearing to the 

parties concerned, stay the procurement proceedings pending disposal of the appeal, if he, or it, is satisfied 

that failure to do so is likely to lead to miscarriage of justice. 

31) Vexatious Appeals & Complaints: Whoever intentionally files any vexatious, frivolous or malicious 

appeal or complaint under the “The Rajasthan Transparency Public Procurement Act 2012”, with the 

intention of delaying or defeating any procurement or causing loss to any procuring entity or any other 

bidder, shall be punished with fine which may extend to twenty lakh rupees or five per cent of the value of 

procurement, whichever is less. 

32) Offences by Firms/ Companies 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 23 of 57 
 
 

a) Where an offence under “The Rajasthan Transparency Public Procurement Act 2012” has been 

committed by a company, every person who at the time the offence was committed was in charge of 

and was responsible to the company for the conduct of the business of the company, as well as the 

company, shall be deemed to be guilty of having committed the offence and shall be liable to be 

proceeded against and punished accordingly: 

Provided that nothing contained in this sub-section shall render any such person liable for any 

punishment if he proves that the offence was committed without his knowledge or that he had 

exercised all due diligence to prevent the commission of such offence. 

b) Notwithstanding anything contained in (a) above, where an offence under this Act has been 

committed by a company and it is proved that the offence has been committed with the consent or 

connivance of or is attributable to any neglect on the part of any director, manager, secretary or other 

officer of the company, such director, manager, secretary or other officer shall also be deemed to be 

guilty of having committed such offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished 

accordingly. 

c) For the purpose of this section- 

a. "company" means a body corporate and includes a limited liability partnership, firm, 

registered society or co- operative society, trust or other association of individuals; and 

b. "director" in relation to a limited liability partnership or firm, means a partner in the firm. 

d) Abetment of certain offenses: Whoever abets an offence punishable under this Act, whether or not 

that offence is committed in consequence of that abetment, shall be punished with the punishment 

provided for the offence. 

33) Debarment from Bidding 

a) A bidder shall be debarred by the State Government if he has been convicted of an offence 

a. under the Prevention of   Corruption Act, 1988 (Central Act No. 49 of 1988); or 

b. under the Indian Penal Code, 1860 (Central Act No. 45 of 1860) or any other law for the time 

being in force, for causing any loss of life or  property or causing  a  threat  to  public  health  

as  part  of execution of a  public procurement contract. 

b) Bidder debarred under (a) above shall not be eligible to participate in a procurement process of any 

procuring entity for a period not exceeding three years commencing from the date on which he was 

debarred. 

c) If a procuring entity finds that bidder has breached the code of integrity prescribed in terms of “Code 

of Integrity for bidders” above, it may debar the bidder for a period not exceeding three years. 

d) Where the entire bid security or the entire performance security or any substitute thereof, as the case 

may be, of bidder has been forfeited by a procuring entity in respect of any procurement process or 

procurement contract, the bidder may be debarred from participating in any procurement process 

undertaken by the procuring entity for a period not exceeding three years. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 24 of 57 
 
 

e) The State Government or a procuring entity, as the case may be, shall not debar Bidder under this 

section unless such bidder has been given a reasonable opportunity of being heard. 

34) Monitoring of Contract  

a) An officer or a committee of officers named Contract Monitoring Committee (CMC) may be 

nominated by procuring entity to monitor the progress of the contract during its delivery period.  

b) During the delivery period the CMC shall keep a watch on the progress of the contract and shall 

ensure that quantity of goods and service delivery is in proportion to the total delivery period given, 

if it is a severable contract, in which the delivery of the goods and service is to be obtained 

continuously or is batched. If the entire quantity of goods and service is to be delivered in the form 

of completed work or entire contract like fabrication work, the process of completion of work may be 

watched and inspections of the selected bidder/authorised partner’s premises where the work is being 

completed may be inspected. 

c) If delay in delivery of goods and service is observed a performance notice would be given to the 

selected Bidder to speed up the delivery. 

d) Any change in the constitution of the firm, etc. shall be notified forth with by the contractor in writing 

to the procuring entity and such change shall not relieve any former member of the firm, etc., from 

any liability under the contract.  

e) No new partner/ partners shall be accepted in the firm by the selected Bidder in respect of the contract 

unless he/ they agree to abide by all its terms, conditions and deposits with the procuring entity 

through a written agreement to this effect. The bidder/authorised partner’s receipt for 

acknowledgement or that of any partners subsequently accepted as above shall bind all of them and 

will be sufficient discharge for any of the purpose of the contract. 

f) The selected Bidder shall not assign or sub-let his contract or any substantial part thereof to any other 

agency without the permission of procuring entity. 

  



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 25 of 57 
 
 

6. GENERALTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TENDER & CONTRACT 

The procurement process under this bidding document, terms & conditions mentioned herein are governed by 

the RTPP Act, 2013. Bidder should read these conditions carefully and comply strictly while sending their Bid. 

Definitions 

For the purpose of clarity, the following words and expressions shall have the meanings hereby assigned to 

them: - 

a) “Contract” means the Agreement entered into between the Purchaser and the successful/ selected 

bidder/authorised partner, together with the Contract Documents referred to therein, including all 

attachments, appendices, and all documents incorporated by reference therein. 

b) “Contract Documents” means the documents listed in the Agreement, including any amendments thereto. 

c) “Contract Price” means the price payable to the successful/ selected bidder as specified in the Agreement, 

subject to such additions and adjustments thereto or deductions there from, as may be made pursuant to the 

Contract. 

d) “Day” means a calendar day. 

e) “Delivery” means the transfer of the Goods from the successful/ selected bidder to the Purchaser in 

accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Contract. 

f) “Completion” means the fulfilment of the related services by the successful/ selected bidder in accordance 

with the terms and conditions set forth in the Contract. 

g) “Goods” means all of the commodities, raw material, machinery and equipment, and/or other materials that 

the successful/ selected bidder is required to supply to the Purchaser under the Contract. 

h) “Purchaser” means the entity purchasing the Goods and related services, as specified in the bidding 

document. 

i) “Related Services” means the services incidental to the supply of the goods, such as insurance, installation, 

training and initial maintenance and other similar obligations of the successful/ selected bidder under the 

Contract. 

j) “Subcontractor” means any natural person, private or government entity, or a combination of the above, 

including its legal successors or permitted assigns, to whom any part of the Goods to be supplied or 

execution of any part of the related services is subcontracted by the successful/ selected bidder. 

k) “Supplier/ Successful or Selected bidder/authorised partner” means the person, private or government 

entity, or a combination of the above, whose Bid to perform the Contract has been accepted by the Purchaser 

and is named as such in the Agreement, and includes the legal successors or permitted assigns of the 

successful/ selected Bidder . 

l) “The Site,” where applicable, means the designated project place(s) named in the bidding document. 

Note: The bidder shall be deemed to have carefully examined the conditions, specifications, size, make and 

drawings, etc., of the goods to be supplied and related services to be rendered. If the bidder has any doubts as 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 26 of 57 
 
 

to the meaning of any portion of these conditions or of the specification, drawing, etc., he shall, before 

submitting the Bid and signing the contract refer the same to the procuring entity and get clarifications. 

1) Contract Documents 

Subject to the order of precedence set forth in the Agreement, all documents forming the Contract (and 

all parts thereof) are intended to be correlative, complementary, and mutually explanatory. 

2) Interpretation 

a) If the context so requires it, singular means plural and vice versa. 

b) Entire Agreement: The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the Purchaser and the 

Supplier/ Selected bidder and supersedes all communications, negotiations and agreements (whether 

written or oral) of parties with respect thereto made prior to the date of Contract. 

c) Amendment: No amendment or other variation of the Contract shall be valid unless it is in writing, is 

dated, expressly refers to the Contract, and is signed by a duly authorized representative of each party 

thereto. 

d) Non-waiver: Subject to the condition (f) below, no relaxation, forbearance, delay, or indulgence by 

either party in enforcing any of the terms and conditions of the Contract or the granting of time by 

either party to the other shall prejudice, affect, or restrict the rights of that party under the Contract, 

neither shall any waiver by either party of any breach of Contract operate as waiver of any subsequent 

or continuing breach of Contract. 

e) Any waiver of a party’s rights, powers, or remedies under the Contract must be in writing, dated, and 

signed by an authorized representative of the party granting such waiver, and must specify the right 

and the extent to which it is being waived. 

f) Severability: If any provision or condition of the Contract is prohibited or rendered invalid or 

unenforceable, such prohibition, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or 

enforceability of any other provisions and conditions of the Contract. 

3) Language 

a) The Contract as well as all correspondence and documents relating to the Contract exchanged by the 

successful/ selected bidder and the Purchaser, shall be written in English language only. Supporting 

documents and printed literature that are part of the Contract may be in another language provided 

they are accompanied by an accurate translation of the relevant passages in the language specified in 

the special conditions of the contract, in which case, for purposes of interpretation of the Contract, 

this translation shall govern. 

b) The successful/ selected bidder shall bear all costs of translation to the governing language and all 

risks of the accuracy of such translation. 

4) Joint Venture, Consortium or Association 

Joint venture, consortium is not allowed to bid. 

5) Eligible Goods and Related Services 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 27 of 57 
 
 

a) For purposes of this Clause, the term “goods” includes commodities, raw material, machinery, 

equipment, and industrial plants; and “related services” includes services such as insurance, 

transportation, supply, installation, integration, testing, commissioning, training, and initial 

maintenance.  

b) All articles/ goods being bid, other than those marked in the Bill of Material (BoM) should be the 

ones which are produced in volume and are used by a large number of users in India/ abroad. All 

products quoted by the successful/ selected Bidder must be associated with specific make and model 

number, item code and names and with printed literature describing configuration and functionality. 

Any deviation from the printed specifications should be clearly mentioned in the offer document by 

the bidder/authorised partner. Also, the bidder is to quote/ propose only one make/ model against the 

respective item. 

c) The OEM/ Vendor of the quoted product must have its own registered spares depot in India having 

adequate inventory of the equipment being quoted for providing the necessary spares as per the 

requirements of this bidding document. 

d) The OEM/ Vendor of the quoted product should also have its direct representation in India in terms 

of registered office for at least past 3 years. The presence through any Distribution/ System Integration 

partner agreement will not be accepted. 

e) Bidder  must quote products in accordance with above clause “Eligible goods and related services”. 

6) Service of Notice, Documents & Orders 

a) A notice, document or order shall be deemed to be served on any individual by - 

a. delivering it to the person personally; or 

b. leaving it at, or sending it by post to, the address of   the   place   of   residence   or business of 

the person last known; 

c. on a body corporate by leaving it at, or sending it by post to, the registered office of the body 

corporate. 

b) When the procedure laid down in (a) above is followed, service shall be deemed to be effected by 

properly addressing, preparing and posting the document, notice or order, as the case may be. 

7) Scope of Supply 

a) Subject to the provisions in the bidding document and contract, the goods and related services to be 

supplied shall be as specified in the bidding document. 

b) Unless otherwise stipulated in the Contract, the scope of supply shall include all such items not 

specifically mentioned in the Contract but that can be reasonably inferred from the Contract as being 

required for attaining delivery and completion of the goods and related services as if such items were 

expressly mentioned in the Contract. 

c) The bidder shall not quote and supply and hardware/ software that is likely to be declared as End of 

Sale in next 6 months and End of Service/ Support for a period of 3 Years from the last date of bid 

submission. If any of the hardware/ software is found to be declared as End of Sale/ Service/ Support, 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 28 of 57 
 
 

then the bidder shall replace all such hardware/ software with the latest ones having equivalent or 

higher specifications without any financial obligation to the purchaser. 

8) Delivery & Installation 

a) Subject to the conditions of the contract, the delivery of the goods and completion of the related 

services shall be in accordance with the delivery and completion schedule specified in the bidding 

document. The details of supply/ shipping and other documents to be furnished by the successful/ 

selected bidder are specified in the bidding document and/ or contract. 

b) The contract for the supply can be repudiated at any time by the purchase officer, if the supplies are 

not made to his satisfaction after giving an opportunity to the bidder of being heard and recording the 

reasons for repudiation. 

c) The Supplier/ Selected bidder shall arrange to supply, install and commission the ordered materials/ 

system as per specifications within the specified delivery/ completion period at various departments 

and/ or their offices/ locations mentioned in the PO/ WO. 

d) Shifting the place of Installation: The user will be free to shift the place of installation within the same 

city /town/ district/ division. The successful/ selected bidder shall provide all assistance, except 

transportation, in shifting of the equipment. However, if the city/town is changed, additional charges 

of assistance in shifting and providing maintenance services for remaining period would be decided 

mutually. 

e) All title of the assets is to be transferred to purchaser or its nominated agencies on the day of the 

successful delivery/ installation/ commissioning of the supplied items. All expenses occurred during 

transfer of titleship of assets shall be borne by the selected  bidder/authorised partner. 

9) Supplier’s/ Selected Bidder/Authorised Partner’s Responsibilities 

The Supplier/ Selected Bidder shall supply all the goods and related services included in the scope of 

supply in accordance with the provisions of bidding document and/ or contract. 

10) Purchaser’s Responsibilities 

a) Whenever the supply of goods and related services requires that the Supplier/ Selected bidder obtain 

permits, approvals, and import and other licenses from local public authorities, the Purchaser shall, if 

so required by the Supplier/ Selected bidder/authorised partner, make its best effort to assist the 

Supplier/ Selected bidder in complying with such requirements in a timely and expeditious manner. 

b) The Purchaser shall pay all costs involved in the performance of its responsibilities, in accordance 

with the general and special conditions of the contract. 

11) Contract Price 

a) The Contract Price shall be paid as specified in the contract subject to any additions and adjustments 

thereto, or deductions there from, as may be made pursuant to the Contract. 

b) Prices charged by the Supplier/ Selected bidder for the Goods delivered and the Related Services 

performed under the Contract shall not vary from the prices quoted by the Supplier/ Selected bidder 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 29 of 57 
 
 

in its bid, with the exception of any price adjustments authorized in the special conditions of the 

contract. 

12) Recoveries from Supplier/ Selected Bidder/Authorised partner 

a) Recoveries of liquidated damages, short supply, breakage, rejected articles shall ordinary be made 

from bills.  

b) Amount may also be withheld to the extent of short supply, breakages, and rejected articles and in 

case of failure in satisfactory replacement by the supplier along with amount of liquidated damages 

shall be recovered from his dues and security deposit available with the department.  

c) In case, recovery is not possible recourse will be taken under Rajasthan PDR Act or any other law in 

force. 

13) Taxes & Duties 

a) The TDS as applicable, shall be deducted at source/ paid by the purchaser as per prevailing rates.  

b) For goods supplied from outside India, the successful/ selected bidder shall be entirely responsible 

for all taxes, stamp duties, license fees, and other such levies imposed outside the country.  

c) For goods supplied from within India, the successful/ selected bidder shall be entirely responsible for 

all taxes, duties, license fees, etc., incurred until delivery of the contracted Goods to the Purchaser. 

d) If any tax exemptions, reductions, allowances or privileges may be available to the successful/ 

selected bidder in India, the Purchaser shall use its best efforts to enable the successful/ selected bidder 

to benefit from any such tax savings to the maximum allowable extent. However, it is clarified that 

for the purpose concessional Sales Tax, no “C-Form/ D-Form”, or any other form by whatever name 

it may be called, shall be released by Purchaser to the selected bidder under any circumstances for 

any of activities under the SoW of this bidding document. 

14) Copyright 

The copyright in all drawings, design documents, source code and other materials containing data and 

information furnished to the Purchaser by the Supplier/ Selected Bidder herein shall remain vested in the 

Supplier/ Selected Bidder , or, if they are furnished to the Purchaser directly or through the Supplier/ 

Selected bidder by any third party, including suppliers of materials, the copyright in such materials shall 

remain vested in such third party. 

15) Confidential Information 

a) The Purchaser and the Supplier/ Selected bidder shall keep confidential and shall not, without the 

written consent of the other party hereto, divulge to any third party any drawings, documents, data, 

or other information furnished directly or indirectly by the other party hereto in connection with the 

Contract, whether such information has been furnished prior to, during or following completion or 

termination of the Contract.  

b) The Supplier/ Selected bidder may furnish to its Subcontractor, if permitted, such documents, data, 

and other information it receives from the Purchaser to the extent required for the Subcontractor to 

perform its work under the Contract, in which event the Supplier/ Selected bidder shall obtain from 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 30 of 57 
 
 

such Subcontractor an undertaking of confidentiality similar to that imposed on the Supplier/ Selected 

bidder/authorised partner. 

c) The Purchaser shall not use such documents, data, and other information received from the Supplier/ 

Selected bidder for any purposes unrelated to the Contract. Similarly, the Supplier/ Selected bidder 

shall not use such documents, data, and other information received from the Purchaser for any purpose 

other than the design, procurement, or other work and services required for the performance of the 

Contract. 

d) The obligation of a party under sub-clauses above, however, shall not apply to information that: - 

i. the Purchaser or Supplier/ Selected bidder need to share with other institutions participating in 

the Contract;  

ii. now or hereafter enters the public domain through no fault of that party; 

iii. can be proven to have been possessed by that party at the time of disclosure and which was not 

previously obtained, directly or indirectly, from the other party; or 

iv. otherwise lawfully becomes available to that party from a third party that has no obligation of 

confidentiality. 

e) The above provisions shall not in any way modify any undertaking of confidentiality given by either 

of the parties hereto prior to the date of the Contract in respect of the supply or any part thereof. 

f) The provisions of this clause shall survive completion or termination, for whatever reason, of the 

Contract. 

16) Specifications and Standards 

a) All articles supplied shall strictly conform to the specifications, trademark laid down in the bidding 

document and wherever articles have been required according to ISI/ ISO/ other applicable 

specifications/ certifications/ standards, those articles should conform strictly to those specifications/ 

certifications/ standards. The supply shall be of best quality and description. The decision of the 

competent authority/ purchase committee whether the articles supplied conform to the specifications 

shall be final and binding on the supplier/ selected bidder. 

b) Technical Specifications and Drawings 

i. The Supplier/ Selected bidder shall ensure that the goods and related services comply with the 

technical specifications and other provisions of the Contract. 

ii. The Supplier/ Selected bidder shall be entitled to disclaim responsibility for any design, data, 

drawing, specification or other document, or any modification thereof provided or designed by 

or on behalf of the Purchaser, by giving a notice of such disclaimer to the Purchaser. 

iii. The goods and related services supplied under this Contract shall conform to the standards 

mentioned in bidding document and, when no applicable standard is mentioned, the standard shall 

be equivalent or superior to the official standards whose application is appropriate to the country 

of origin of the Goods. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 31 of 57 
 
 

c) Wherever references are made in the Contract to codes and standards in accordance with which it 

shall be executed, the edition or the revised version of such codes and standards shall be those 

specified in the bidding document. During Contract execution, any changes in any such codes and 

standards shall be applied only after approval by the Purchaser and shall be treated in accordance with 

the general conditions of the contract. 

17) Packing and Documents 

a) The Supplier/ Selected bidder shall provide such packing of the Goods as is required to prevent their 

damage or deterioration during transit to their final destination, as indicated in the Contract. During 

transit, the packing shall be sufficient to withstand, without limitation, rough handling and exposure 

to extreme temperatures, salt and precipitation, and open storage. Packing case size and weights shall 

take into consideration, where appropriate, the remoteness of the final destination of the Goods and 

the absence of heavy handling facilities at all points in transit. 

b) The packing, marking, and documentation within and outside the packages shall comply strictly with 

such special requirements as shall be expressly provided for in the Contract, including additional 

requirements, if any, specified in the contract, and in any other instructions ordered by the Purchaser. 

18) Insurance 

a) The goods will be delivered at the destination godown in perfect condition. The Goods supplied under 

the Contract shall be fully insured against loss by theft, destruction or damage incidental to 

manufacture or acquisition, transportation, storage, fire, flood, under exposure to weather and delivery 

at the designated project locations, in accordance with the applicable terms. The insurance charges 

will be borne by the supplier and Purchaser will not be required to pay such charges if incurred. 

b) The goods will be delivered at the FOR destination in perfect condition.  

19) Transportation: The supplier/ selected bidder shall be responsible for transport by sea, rail and road or 

air and delivery of the material in the good condition to the consignee at destination. In the event of any 

loss, damage, breakage or leakage or any shortage the bidder shall be liable to make good such loss and 

shortage found at the checking/ inspection of the material by the consignee. No extra cost on such account 

shall be admissible. 

20) Testing charges: Testing charges shall be borne by the Government. In case of test results showing that 

supplies are not upto the prescribed standards or specifications, the testing charges shall be payable by 

the selected bidder/authorised partner. 

21) Rejection 

a) Articles not approved during inspection or testing shall be rejected and will have to be replaced by 

the selected bidder at his own cost within the time fixed by the Purchase Officer.  

b) If, however, due to exigencies of purchaser’s work, such replacement either in whole or in part, is not 

considered feasible, the Purchase Officer after giving an opportunity to the selected bidder of being 

heard shall for reasons to be recorded, deduct a suitable amount from the approved rates.  The 

deduction so made shall be final. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 32 of 57 
 
 

c) The rejected articles shall be removed by the supplier/ Bidder within 15 days of intimation of 

rejection, after which Purchase Officer shall not be responsible for any loss, shortage or damage and 

shall have the right to dispose of such articles as he thinks fit, at the selected bidder/authorised 

partner’s risk and on his account. 

22) Freight 

a) All goods must be sent freight paid through Railways or goods transport. If goods are sent freight to 

pay the freight together with departmental charge 5% of the freight will be recovered from the 

supplier’s bill. 

b) R.R. should be sent under registered cover through Bank only. 

c) In case supply is desired to be sent by the purchase officer by passenger train, the entire railway 

freight will be borne by the bidder/authorised partner. 

d) Remittance charges on payment made shall be borne by the bidder/authorised partner. 

23) Payments 

a) Advance Payment will not be made except in rare and special cases. In case of advance payment 

being made, it will be against proof of despatch and to the extent as prescribed in financial powers by 

rail/ reputed goods transport companies, etc., and prior inspection, if any. The balance, if any, will be 

paid on receipt of the consignment in good condition with the certificate to that effect endorsed on 

the inspection not given to the bidder/authorised partner. 

b) Unless otherwise agreed between the parties, payment for the delivery of the stores will be made on 

submission of bill in proper form by the bidder to the Purchase Officer in accordance with G.F.& A.R 

all remittance charges will be borne by the bidder/authorised partner. 

c) In case of disputed items, disputed amount shall be withheld and will be paid on settlement of the 

dispute. 

d) Payment in case of those goods which need testing shall be made only when such tests have been 

carried out, test results received conforming to the prescribed specification. 

24) Liquidated Damages (LD) 

a) In case of extension in the delivery period with liquidated damages the recovery shall be made on the 

basis of following percentages of value of items with the bidder has failed to supply and install:- 

• delay up to one fourth period of the prescribed delivery period: 2.5% 

• delay exceeding one fourth but not exceeding half of the prescribed period: 5.0% 

• delay exceeding half but not exceeding three fourth of the prescribed period: 7.5% 

• delay exceeding three fourth of the prescribed period: 10% 

b) Fraction of a day in reckoning period of delay in supplies shall be eliminated if it is less than half a 

day. 

c) The maximum amount of liquidated damages shall be 10% of the contract value.  

d) If the supplier requires an extension of time in completion of contractual supply on account of 

occurrence of any hindrance, he shall apply in writing to the authority, which has placed the supply 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 33 of 57 
 
 

order, for the same immediately on occurrence of the hindrance but not after the stipulated date of 

completion of supply. 

e) Delivery period may be extended with or without liquidated damages if the delay in the supply of 

goods is on account of hindrances beyond the control of the bidder. 

25) Bidder must make their own arrangements to obtain import licence, if necessary. If Bidder imposes 

conditions which are in addition to or in conflict with the conditions mentioned herein, his bid is liable to 

summary rejection. In any case none of such conditions will be deemed to have been accepted unless 

specifically mentioned in the letter of acceptance of bid issued by the Purchase Officer. 

26) Settlement of Disputes: If any dispute arise out of the contract with regard to the interpretation, meaning 

and breach of the terms of the contract, the matter shall be referred to by the Parties to the Head of the 

Department who will appoint his senior most deputy as the Sole Arbitrator of the dispute who will not be 

related to this contract and whose decision shall be final. 

The Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996, the rules there under and any statutory modification or re-

enactment’s thereof, shall apply to the arbitration proceedings. 

 

27) All legal proceedings, if necessary arise to institute may by any of the parties (Government of Contractor) 

shall have to be lodged in courts situated in Rajasthan and not elsewhere. 

28) Warranty 

a) The Bidder must supply all items with comprehensive on-site OEM warranty valid as mentioned in 

BoM from the date of the goods / service, or any portion thereof as the case may be, have been 

delivered/installed/accepted as per OEM policy at the final destination(s) indicated in the bidding 

document. However, if delay of installation is more than a month’s time due to the reasons ascribed 

to the bidder/authorised partner, the warranty shall start from the date of last successful installation 

of the items covered under the PO.  

b) The Bidder must provide software assurance services for software items, manuals and OEM support, 

updates, upgrades, patches, and errata for the whole contract period as per this warranty clause. This 

shall comprise support through email, telephone & on-line, as the case may be. At the time of item 

delivery, the selected Bidder shall submit a certificate/ undertaking mentioning the fact that the item 

supplied are covered under comprehensive warranty & support for the prescribed period. 

c) The purchaser shall give a written notice to the selected Bidder stating the nature of any defect 

together with all available evidence thereof, promptly following the discovery thereof. The purchaser 

shall afford all reasonable opportunity for the selected Bidder to inspect such defects. Upon receipt 

of such notice, the selected Bidder shall expeditiously cause to repair the defective item or parts 

thereof or replace the defective item or parts thereof with brand new genuine/ authentic ones having 

similar or higher specifications, at no cost to the Purchaser. Any item repaired or replaced by the 

selected Bidder shall be delivered at the respective location without any additional costs to the 

purchaser. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 34 of 57 
 
 

d) If having been notified, the selected Bidder fails to remedy the defect within the period specified, the 

purchaser may proceed to take within a reasonable period such remedial action as may be necessary, 

in addition to other recourses available in terms and conditions of the contract and bidding document.  

29) Patent Indemnity 

a) The supplier/ selected Bidder shall, subject to the Purchaser’s compliance with sub-clause (b) below, 

indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and its employees and officers from and against any and 

all suits, actions or administrative proceedings, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, and expenses 

of any nature, including attorney’s fees and expenses, which the Purchaser may suffer as a result of 

any infringement or alleged infringement of any patent, utility model, registered design, trademark, 

copyright, or other intellectual property right registered or otherwise existing at the date of the 

Contract by reason of: - 

i. the installation of the Goods by the supplier/ selected bidder or the use of the Goods in the country 

where the Site is located; and  

ii. the sale in any country of the products produced by the Goods. 

Such indemnity shall not cover any use of the Goods or any part thereof other than for the purpose 

indicated by or to be reasonably inferred from the Contract, neither any infringement resulting from 

the use of the Goods or any part thereof, or any products produced thereby in association or 

combination with any other equipment, plant, or materials not supplied by the supplier/ selected 

bidder/authorised partner, pursuant to the Contract. 

b) If any proceedings are brought or any claim is made against the Purchaser arising out of the matters 

referred to above, the Purchaser shall promptly give the supplier/ selected bidder a notice thereof, and 

the supplier/ selected bidder may at its own expense and in the Purchaser’s name conduct such 

proceedings or claim and any negotiations for the settlement of any such proceedings or claim. 

c) If the supplier/ selected bidder fails to notify the Purchaser within thirty (30) days after receipt of such 

notice that it intends to conduct any such proceedings or claim, then the Purchaser shall be free to 

conduct the same on its own behalf. 

d) The Purchaser shall, at the supplier’s/ selected bidder/authorised partner’s request, afford all available 

assistance to the supplier/ selected bidder in conducting such proceedings or claim, and shall be 

reimbursed by the supplier/ selected bidder for all reasonable expenses incurred in so doing. 

e) The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the supplier/ selected bidder and its employees, 

officers, and Subcontractors (if any) from and against any and all suits, actions or administrative 

proceedings, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, and expenses of any nature, including attorney’s 

fees and expenses, which the supplier/ selected bidder may suffer as a result of any infringement or 

alleged infringement of any patent, utility model, registered design, trademark, copyright, or other 

intellectual property right registered or otherwise existing at the date of the Contract arising out of or in 

connection with any design, data, drawing, specification, or other documents or materials provided or 

designed by or on behalf of the Purchaser. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 35 of 57 
 
 

 

30) Limitation of Liability 

Except in cases of gross negligence or wilful misconduct: - 

a) neither party shall be liable to the other party for any indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss 

of use, loss of production, or loss of profits or interest costs, provided that this exclusion shall not 

apply to any obligation of the supplier/ selected bidder to pay liquidated damages to the Purchaser; 

and 

b) the aggregate liability of the supplier/ selected bidder to the Purchaser, whether under the Contract, 

in tort, or otherwise, shall not exceed the amount specified in the Contract, provided that this 

limitation shall not apply to the cost of repairing or replacing defective equipment, or to any obligation 

of the supplier/ selected bidder to indemnify the Purchaser with respect to patent infringement. 

31) Force Majeure 

a) The supplier/ selected bidder shall not be liable for forfeiture of its PSD, LD, or termination for default 

if and to the extent that it’s delay in performance or other failure to perform its obligations under the 

Contract is the result of an event of Force Majeure. 

b) For purposes of this Clause, “Force Majeure” means an event or situation beyond the control of the 

supplier/ selected bidder that is not foreseeable, is unavoidable, and its origin is not due to negligence 

or lack of care on the part of the supplier/ selected bidder/authorised partner. Such events may include, 

but not be limited to, acts of the Purchaser in its sovereign capacity, wars or revolutions, fires, floods, 

epidemics, quarantine restrictions, and freight embargoes. 

c) If a Force Majeure situation arises, the supplier/ selected bidder shall promptly notify the purchaser 

in writing of such conditions and cause thereof within 15 days of occurrence of such event. Unless 

otherwise directed by purchaser, the supplier/ selected bidder shall continue to perform its obligations 

under the contract as far as reasonably practical. 

d) If the performance in whole or part or any obligation under the contract is prevented or delayed by 

any reason of Force Majeure for a period exceeding 60 days, either party at its option may terminate 

the contract without any financial repercussion on either side. 

e) In case a Force Majeure situation occurs with the purchaser, the purchaser may take the case with the 

supplier/ selected bidder on similar lines. 

32) Change Orders and Contract Amendments 

a) The Purchaser may at any time order the supplier/ selected bidder through Notice in accordance with 

clause “Notices” above, to make changes within the general scope of the Contract in any one or more 

of the following: - 

i. drawings, designs, or specifications, where Goods to be furnished under the Contract are to be 

specifically manufactured for the Purchaser; 

ii. the method of shipment or packing; 

iii. the place of delivery; and 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 36 of 57 
 
 

iv. the related services to be provided by the supplier/ selected bidder. 

b) If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time required for, the supplier’s/ 

selected bidder/authorised partner’s performance of any provisions under the Contract, an equitable 

adjustment shall be made in the Contract Price or in the Delivery and Completion Schedule, or both, 

and the Contract shall accordingly should be amended. Any claims by the supplier/ selected bidder for 

adjustment under this clause must be asserted within thirty (30) days from the date of the supplier’s/ 

selected bidder/authorised partner’s receipt of the Purchaser’s change order. 

c) Prices to be charged by the supplier/ selected bidder for any related services that might be needed but 

which were not included in the Contract shall be agreed upon in advance by the parties and shall not 

exceed the prevailing rates charged to other parties by the supplier/ selected  Bidder for similar services. 

33) Termination 

a) Termination for Default 
i. The procuring entity may, without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of contract, by written 

a written notice of default of at least 30 days sent to the supplier/ selected bidder/authorised 

partner, terminate the contract in whole or in part: - 

a. If the supplier/ selected bidder fails to deliver any or all quantities of the service within the 

time period specified in the contract, or any extension thereof granted by purchaser; or 

b. If the supplier/ selected bidder fails to perform any other obligation under the contract within 

the specified period of delivery of service or any extension granted thereof; or 

c. If the supplier/ selected bidder/authorised partner, in the judgement of the Purchaser, is found 

to be engaged in corrupt, fraudulent, collusive, or coercive practices in competing for or in 

executing the contract. 

d. If the supplier/ selected bidder commits breach of any condition of the contract. 

ii. If purchaser terminates the contract in whole or in part, amount of PSD may be forfeited. 

iii. Before cancelling a contract and taking further action, advice of senior most finance person 

available in the office and of legal adviser or legal assistant posted in the office, if there is one, 

may be obtained. 

iv. As on effective date of termination, Tendering Authority may pay: 

a. the unpaid value of all the assets supplied by the Bidder and accepted by the purchaser in 

accordance with the RFP specifications in order to take over the possession of the assets / 

application.  

b. all the services delivered by the Bidder and accepted by the purchaser, the consideration 

payable shall be based on service rate as per agreement.  

b) Termination for Insolvency 

purchaser may at any time terminate the Contract by giving a written notice of at least 30 days to the 

supplier/ selected bidder/authorised partner, if the supplier/ selected bidder become bankrupt or 

otherwise insolvent. In such event, termination will be without compensation to the supplier/ selected 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 37 of 57 
 
 

bidder/authorised partner, provided that such termination will not prejudice or affect any right of 

action or remedy that has accrued or will accrue thereafter to purchaser. 

c) Termination for Convenience 
i. Purchaser, by a written notice of at least 30 days sent to the supplier/ selected bidder may 

terminate the Contract, in whole or in part, at any time for its convenience. The Notice of 

termination shall specify that termination is for the Purchaser’s convenience, the extent to which 

performance of the supplier/ selected bidder under the Contract is terminated, and the date upon 

which such termination becomes effective. 

ii. Depending on merits of the case the supplier/ selected bidder may be appropriately compensated 

on mutually agreed terms for the loss incurred by the contract if any due to such termination. 

iii. The Goods that are complete and ready for shipment within twenty-eight (28) days after the 

supplier’s/ selected bidder/authorised partner’s receipt of the Notice of termination shall be 

accepted by the Purchaser at the Contract terms and prices. For the remaining Goods, the 

Purchaser may elect: 

a. To have any portion completed and delivered at the Contract terms and prices; and/or 

b. To cancel the remainder and pay to the supplier/ selected bidder an agreed amount for 

partially completed Goods and Related Services and for materials and parts previously 

procured by the supplier/ selected bidder/authorised partner. 

iv. As on effective date of termination, Tendering Authority may pay: 

a. the unpaid value of all the assets supplied by the Bidder and accepted by the purchaser in 

accordance with the RFP specifications in order to take over the possession of the assets / 

application.  

b. all the services delivered by the Bidder and accepted by the purchaser, the consideration 

payable shall be based on service rate as per agreement.  

34) Exit Management  

a) Preamble 

i. The word ‘parties’ include the procuring entity and the selected bidder/authorised partner. 

ii. This Schedule sets out the provisions, which will apply on expiry or termination of the Project 

Implementation and Operations and Management of SLA. 

iii. In the case of termination of the Project Implementation and/ or Operation and Management SLA 

due to illegality, the Parties shall agree at that time whether, and if so during what period, the 

provisions of this Schedule shall apply. 

iv. The Parties shall ensure that their respective associated entities carry out their respective 

obligations set out in this Exit Management Schedule. 

b) Transfer of Assets  

i. The selected bidder may continue work on the assets for the duration of the exit management 

period which may be a six months period from the date of expiry or termination of the agreement, 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 38 of 57 
 
 

if required by purchaser to do so. During this period, the selected bidder will transfer all the assets 

in good working condition and as per the specifications of the bidding document including the 

ones being upgraded to the department/ designated agency. The security deposit/ performance 

security submitted by selected bidder will only be returned after the successful transfer of the 

entire project including its infrastructure.  

ii. The selected bidder, if not already done, will transfer all the Software Licenses under the name 

of the purchaser as desired by the procuring entity during the exit management period. 

iii. The purchaser during the project implementation phase and the operation and management phase 

shall be entitled to serve notice in writing to the selected bidder at any time during the exit 

management period requiring the selected bidder to provide purchaser or its nominated agencies 

with a complete and up-to-date list of the assets within 30 days of such notice.  

iv. Upon service of a notice, as mentioned above, the following provisions shall apply: - 

a. In the event, if the assets which to be transferred to purchaser is mortgaged to any financial 

institutions by the selected bidder/authorised partner, the selected bidder shall ensure that all 

such liens and liabilities have been cleared beyond any doubt, prior to such transfer. All 

documents regarding the discharge of such lien and liabilities shall be furnished to purchaser 

or its nominated agencies. 

b. All title of the assets to be transferred to purchaser or its nominated agencies pursuant to 

clause(s) above shall be transferred on the last day of the exit management period. All 

expenses occurred during transfer of assets shall be borne by the selected  bidder/authorised 

partner. 

c. That on the expiry of this clause, the selected bidder and any individual assigned for the 

performance of the services under this clause shall handover or cause to be handed over all 

confidential information and all other related material in its possession, including the entire 

established infrastructure supplied by selected  Bidder to purchaser.    

d. That the products and technology delivered to purchaser during the contract term or on expiry 

of the contract duration should not be sold or re-used or copied or transferred by selected 

bidder to other locations apart from the locations mentioned in the this bidding document 

without prior written notice and approval of purchaser. Supplied hardware, software & 

documents etc., used by selected bidder for purchaser shall be the legal properties of 

purchaser. 

c) Cooperation and Provision of Information during the exit management period 

i. The selected bidder will allow purchaser or its nominated agencies access to the information 

reasonably required to define the current mode of operation associated with the provision of the 

services to enable purchaser or its nominated agencies to assess the existing services being 

delivered. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 39 of 57 
 
 

ii. The selected bidder shall provide access to copies of all information held or controlled by them 

which they have prepared or maintained in accordance with the Project Implementation, the 

Operation and Management SLA and SOWs relating to any material aspect of the services 

provided by the selected bidder/authorised partner. purchaser or its nominated agencies shall be 

entitled to copy all such information comprising of details pertaining to the services rendered and 

other performance data. The selected bidder shall permit purchaser or its nominated agencies and/ 

or any replacement operator to have reasonable access to its employees and facilities as 

reasonably required by purchaser or its nominated agencies to understand the methods of delivery 

of the services employed by the selected Bidder  and to assist appropriate knowledge transfer. 

d) Confidential Information, Security and Data 

The selected bidder will promptly on the commencement of the exit management period supply to 

purchaser or its nominated agencies the following: 

i. Documentation relating to Intellectual Property Rights; 

ii. Project related data and confidential information; 

iii. All current and updated  data as is reasonably required for purposes of purchaser or its nominated 

agencies transitioning the services to its replacement selected bidder in a readily available format 

nominated by purchaser or its nominated agencies; and 

iv. All other information (including but not limited to documents, records and agreements) relating 

to the services reasonably necessary to enable purchaser or its nominated agencies, or its 

replacement operator to carry out due diligence in order to transition the provision of the services 

to purchaser or its nominated agencies, or its replacement operator (as the case may be). 

v. Before the expiry of the exit management period, the selected bidder shall deliver to purchaser or 

its nominated agencies all new or up-dated materials from the categories set out above and shall 

not retain any copies thereof, except that the selected bidder shall be permitted to retain one copy 

of such materials for archival purposes only. 

e) Transfer of certain agreements 

i. On request by Procuring entity or its nominated agencies, the selected bidder shall effect such 

assignments, transfers, innovations, licenses and sub-licenses as Procuring entity or its nominated 

agencies may require in favour of procuring entity or its nominated agencies, or its replacement 

operator in relation to any equipment lease, maintenance or service provision agreement between 

selected bidder and third party leasers, operators, or operator, and which are related to the services 

and reasonably necessary for carrying out of the replacement services by purchaser or its 

nominated agencies, or its replacement operator. 

ii. Right of Access to Premises: At any time during the exit management period and for such period 

of time following termination or expiry of the SLA, where assets are located at the selected 

bidder/authorised partner’s premises, the selected bidder will be obliged to give reasonable rights 

of access to (or, in the case of assets located on a third party's premises, procure reasonable rights 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 40 of 57 
 
 

of access to purchaser or its nominated agencies, and/ or any replacement operator in order to 

inventory the assets. 

f) General Obligations of the selected Bidder  

i. The selected bidder shall provide all such information as may reasonably be necessary to effect 

as seamless during handover as practicable in the circumstances to purchaser or its nominated 

agencies or its replacement operator and which the operator has in its possession or control at any 

time during the exit management period. 

ii. The selected bidder shall commit adequate resources to comply with its obligations under this 

Exit Management Clause. 

g) Exit Management Plan 

i. The selected bidder shall provide purchaser or its nominated agencies with a recommended exit 

management plan ("Exit Management Plan") which shall deal with at least the following aspects 

of exit management in relation to the SLA as a whole and in relation to the Project 

Implementation, the Operation and Management SLA and SOWs. 

ii. A detailed program of the transfer process that could be used in conjunction with a replacement 

operator including details of the means to be used to ensure continuing provision of the services 

throughout the transfer process or until the cessation of the services and of the management 

structure to be used during the transfer; and  

iii. Plans for the communication with such of the selected bidder/authorised partner's, staff, suppliers, 

customers and any related third party as are necessary to avoid any material detrimental impact 

on purchasers operations as a result of undertaking the transfer; and 

iv. If applicable, proposed arrangements and Plans for provision of contingent support in terms of 

business continuance and hand holding during the transition period, to purchaser or its nominated 

agencies, and Replacement Operator for a reasonable period, so that the services provided 

continue and do not come to a halt. 

v. Each Exit Management Plan shall be presented by the selected bidder to and approved by 

purchaser or its nominated agencies. 

vi. In the event of termination or expiry of SLA, Project Implementation, Operation and 

Management SLA or SOWs each party shall comply with the Exit Management Plan. 

vii. During the exit management period, the selected bidder shall use its best efforts to deliver the 

services. 

viii. Payments during the Exit Management period shall be made in accordance with the Terms of 

Payment Clause. 

ix. It would be the responsibility of the selected bidder to support new operator during the transition 

period. 

  



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 41 of 57 
 
 

7. SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TENDER & CONTRACT 

1) Payment Terms and Schedule 

a) Payment schedule - Payments to the bidder/authorised partner, after successful completion of the target 

milestones (including specified project deliverables), would be made as under: - 

S. 
No. 

Milestone/ Phase Deliverables Payable Amount 

 
1. 

Completion of Activity as 
mentioned in section 4. 
(1) (A ) 

• Delivery Challan for ordered items 
• OEM Warranty Certificates for 

Hardware & software items 
(wherever applicable) 

• Installation Report verified by the 
respective District Nodal Officer 

• UAT by purchaser 
• Training Certificate of training 

conducted as in scope of work 

95 % of total work order 
value  

 

2 Submission of BG 
against the due payment 

• *BG of 5% amount of the Work order 
value 

Remaining 5 % of total 
work order value  
 

3 Completion of Warranty 
Period 

Satisfactory performance report signed 
by OIC/Nodal Officer 

Return of both BG (of 
10% WO Value). 

*BG submitted against the due payment shall be treated as PSD and will be returned after completion of 
Project and due penalty adjusted (if any). 

 

b) The supplier’s/ selected  bidder’s request for payment shall be made to the purchaser in writing, 

accompanied by invoices describing, as appropriate, the goods delivered and related services 

performed, and by the required documents submitted pursuant to general conditions of the contract and 

upon fulfilment of all the obligations stipulated in the Contract. 

c) Due payments shall be made promptly by the purchaser, generally within sixty (60) days after 

submission of an invoice or request for payment by the supplier/ selected  bidder/authorised partner, 

and the purchaser has accepted it.  

d) The currency or currencies in which payments shall be made to the supplier/ selected bidder under this 

Contract shall be Indian Rupees (INR) only. 

e) All remittance charges will be borne by the supplier/ selected  bidder/authorised partner. 

f) In case of disputed items, the disputed amount shall be withheld and will be paid only after settlement 

of the dispute. 

g) Payment in case of those goods which need testing shall be made only when such tests have been carried 

out, test results received conforming to the prescribed specification. 

h) Any penalties/ liquidated damages, as applicable, for delay and non-performance, as mentioned in this 

bidding document, will be deducted from the payments for the respective milestones. 

i) Taxes, as applicable, will be deducted/ paid, as per the prevalent rules and regulations. 

2) Service Level Standards/ Requirements/ Agreement 

a) Service level requirements 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 42 of 57 
 
 

i. Service level plays an important role in defining the Quality of Services (QoS). The prime objective 

of service levels is to ensure high quality of services from selected bidder/authorised partner, in a 

efficient manner to the identified users under this procurement. 

ii. The service level shall be tracked on a periodic basis and have penalty clauses on non-adherence to 

any of them. The Bidder shall submit reports on all the service levels to the Purchaser in accordance 

with the specified formats and reporting periods and provide clarification, if required. The service 

levels defined below provide for target level of services required, measurements thereof and 

associated penalties. 

S. 
No. 

Measurement 
Parameter 

Service Level Penalty 

1.  Time taken for 
attending the issue  

Within 24 hours of lodging the 
complaint  

No penalty 

2.  Time taken for 
attending the issue  
 

After 24 hours of lodging the 
complaint 

₹ 5,000/- per 24 hours  

In case the supplier fails to rectify the defect(s) within 15 calendar days, it may be considered as 

breach of contract. Further, in case the fault is not resolved within 24 hours or lodging the complaint 

three times in a year, it may be considered as breach of contract. Maximum applicable penalty shall 

be 10% of the total contract value. 

3) Change Requests/ Management  

a) An institutional mechanism will be set up for taking decisions regarding requests for changes. The 

Purchase Committee will set up a Change Control Committee with members from the procurement 

agency and the selected bidder/authorised partner. If it is unable to reach an agreement, the decision of 

the Purchase Committee will be final. 

b) purchaser may at any time, by a written order given to the bidder/authorised partner, make changes 

within the general scope of the Agreement in any one or more of the following: -  

o Designs, specifications, requirements which software or service to be provided under the 

Agreement are to be specifically developed and rendered for purchaser. 

o The method of deployment, shipping or packing. 

o Schedule for Installation Acceptance. 

o The place of delivery and/or the services to be provided by the bidder/authorised partner. 

c) The change request/ management procedure will follow the following steps: - 

o Identification and documentation of the need for the change - The information related to 

initiator, initiation date and details of change required and priority of the change will be 

documented by purchaser. 

o Analysis and evaluation of the Change Request - Impact of the change in terms of the estimated 

effort, changed schedule, cost and the items impacted will be analysed and documented by the  

bidder/authorised partner. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 43 of 57 
 
 

o Approval or disapproval of the change request – purchaser will approve or disapprove the 

change requested including the additional payments for software development, quoted man-

month rate shall be used for cost estimation, efforts of all technical resources- project manager, 

analyst, software developer, testing engineer, database architecture etc. shall be taken into 

account for total man-month estimation to carry out the s/w development resulting from the 

change request. For all technical resources irrespective of their experience and specialisation, 

the quoted man-month rate shall be used. Efforts of support staff shall not be taken into 

consideration for this purpose. 

o Implementation of the change – The change will be implemented in accordance to the agreed 

cost, effort, and schedule by the selected bidder. 

o Verification of the change - The change will be verified by purchaser on implementation of the 

change request. 

d) All changes outside the scope of supplies agreed to herein which may have likely financial implications 

in terms of the overall cost/ time of the project shall be undertaken by bidder only after securing the 

express consent of purchaser. In the event that the consent of purchaser is not received then the change 

will not be carried out. 

e) While approving any change request, if required, purchaser may ask Bidder to deploy the required 

resources on-site. 

f) If any such change outside the scope of supplies agreed to herein causes an increase or decrease in cost 

of, or the time required for, firm’s performance of any provisions under the Agreement, equitable 

adjustments shall be made in the Agreement Price or Delivery Schedule, or both, and the Agreement 

shall accordingly be amended. Any claims by firm for adjustment under this must be asserted within 30 

(thirty) days from the date of SI receiving the purchaser change order which shall not be unreasonably 

withheld or delayed. 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 44 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-1: BILL OF MATERIAL (BoM) 

 

Note: The quoted components must be supplied with 3 Years comprehensive OEM on-site warranty 

(24x7x7365). 

 

 

                                                                    Name of the Bidder        :  
Date  :                                  Authorised Signatory      : 
Place :                                  Seal of the Organization : 

  

S.No. Item Description Qty 
1 Direct Access Storage (DAS) for RSDC 02 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 45 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-2: TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

Note: All the specifications below are minimum specifications and higher specifications shall be used wherever 

necessary/ required. Deviation on higher side shall only be considered and no extra weightage shall be awarded 

for such deviations.  

The bidder is required to submit the technical compliance statement for each item on OEM’s letter-head only.  

 

Make and Model :  

S 

No. 
Item Description 

OEM 

Compliance 

(Y/N) 

1.  Storage type Direct Access Storage (DAS)  

2.  Connecting 

ports 

Should have minimum of 4 * 10 Gbps iSCSI and 4 * 16 Gbps FC  

3.  Management 

Software 

Must include Storage Manager software, to centrally manage all 

Storage subsystems, Multi-path (Load Balancing & Failover), LUN 

masking. 

 

4.  O/S Support Support for multiple Operating Systems connecting to it (including 

MS-Windows and RHEL)  

 

5.  Capacity Storage should be supplied with 100 TB of usable space from day one 

(excluding all overhead configuration like RAID (RAID 5 or 

equivalent) configuration formatting and hot spare disk). Also, 40% of 

total usable capacity to be populated using Enterprise Class SSD drives 

(up to 4TB) and remaining 60% usable space to be populated using 

SAS (up to 4TB and 10K RPM and preferably 2.5") 

 

6.  
Software 

licenses 

Snapshot, Snapshot restore, volume copy/ clone, synchronous and 

asynchronous replication, SSD cache, Thin Provisioning, Auto-tiering 

etc. for the supplied capacity 

 

7.  System 

capabilities 

Volume expansion, Capacity expansion, RAID-level migration, 

Dynamic segment size migration, System event monitor etc. 

 

8.  Controllers Dual, both Active, Storage Array shall be given with Minimum of 

64GB cache in a single unit. 

 

9.  Protocol 

Support  

FCP, iSCSI  

10.  Cache Safety Cache should be mirrored and battery-backed-up /disk-destaged to 

provide protection of data. 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 46 of 57 
 
 

11.  Redundancy 

and High 

Availability   

Offered Storage Array shall be configured in a No Single Point of 

failure configuration including Array Controller card, Cache memory, 

FAN, Power supply etc. Offered storage shall support online non-

disruptive firmware upgrade for both Controller and disk drives.  

 

12.  Rack 

Support  

Suitable for industry-standard Racks and PDUs  

13.  Alerts Automated alerts for Improving service response times and storage 

health check 

 

14.  DAS Support Storage should connected directly to servers without SAN switch  

15.  Quality OEM must be a Leader in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Storage 

systems. 

 

16.  Other All required cables, connectors, patch chords, passive components for 

all the populated interfaces to be included from day one. Also, power 

chord to be included should by of C-Type only.  

 

17.  Warranty 3 Years comprehensive onsite OEM support/ maintenance from the 

date of installation (24  x 7 x 365) 

 

  

 

  



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 47 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-3: BIDDER’S AUTHORIZATION CERTIFICATE{to be filled by the bidder} 

 

To, 

{Procuring entity}, 

______________________________, 

______________________________, 

 

 

I/ We {Name/ Designation} hereby declare/ certify that {Name/ Designation} is hereby authorized to sign 

relevant documents on behalf of the company/ firm in dealing with NIB reference No. 

______________________ dated _________. He/ She is also authorized to attend meetings & submit technical 

& commercial information/ clarifications as may be required by you in the course of processing the Bid. For 

the purpose of validation, his/ her verified signatures are as under. 

    

 

Thanking you, 

 

 

 

 

 

Name of the Bidder: -      Verified Signature: 

Authorised Signatory: - 

Seal of the Organization: - 

Date:     

Place:     

 

  



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 48 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-4: SELF-DECLARATION {to signed by selected bidder} 
To, 
{Procuring entity}, 
 
In response to the NIB Ref. No. _____________________________ dated ___________ for {Project Title}, 
as an Owner/ Partner/ Director/ Auth. Sign.of ____________________________________, I/ We hereby 
declare that presently our Company/ firm _________________, at the time of bidding,: - 

a) possess the necessary professional, technical, financial and managerial resources and competence 
required by the Bidding Document issued by the Procuring Entity; 

b) have fulfilled my/ our obligation to pay such of the taxes payable to the Union and the State Government 
or any local authority as specified in the Bidding Document; 

c) is having unblemished record and is not declared ineligible for corrupt & fraudulent practices either 
indefinitely or for a particular period of time by any State/ Central government/ PSU/ UT. 

d) does not have any previous transgressions with any entity in India or any other country during the last 
three years 

e) does not have any debarment by any other procuring entity 
f) is not insolvent in receivership, bankrupt or being wound up, not have its affairs administered by a court 

or a judicial officer, not have its business activities suspended and is not the subject of legal proceedings 
for any of the foregoing reasons; 

g) does not have, and our directors and officers not have been convicted of any criminal offence related to 
their professional conduct or the making of false statements or misrepresentations as to their 
qualifications to enter into a procurement contract within a period of three years preceding the 
commencement of the procurement process, or not have been otherwise disqualified pursuant to 
debarment proceedings; 

h) does not have a conflict of interest as mentioned in the bidding document which materially affects the 
fair competition. 

i) will comply with the code of integrity as specified in the bidding document. 
 

Also, this is to certify that, the specifications of goods which I/ We have mentioned in the Technical bid, and 
which I/ We shall supply if I/ We am/ are awarded with the work, are in conformity with the minimum technical 
specifications of the bidding document and that there are no deviations of any kind from the requirement 
specifications.  
 
Also, I/ we have thoroughly read the bidding document and by signing this certificate, we hereby submit our 
token of unconditional acceptance to all the terms & conditions of the bidding document without any deviations 
and assumptions.  
 
I/ We also certify that the price I/ we have quoted is inclusive of all the taxes to meet the desired Standards set 
out in the bidding Document. 
 
I/ We also declare that I am/we are bonafide/ Manufacturers/ Whole Sellers/ Sole distributor/ Authorised dealer/ 
dealers/ sole selling/ Marketing agent in the goods/ stores/ equipment for which I/ We have quoted. 
If this declaration is found to be incorrect then without prejudice to any other action that may be taken, my/ our 
security may be forfeited in full and the bid, if any, to the extent accepted may be cancelled. 
 
If this declaration is found to be incorrect then without prejudice to any other action that may be taken as per 
the provisions of the applicable Act and Rules thereto prescribed by GoR, my/ our security may be forfeited in 
full and our bid, to the extent accepted, may be cancelled. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Name of the Bidder: -                                                                                              Date: 
Authorised Signatory: -                                                                                            Place:    
Seal of the Organization: - 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 49 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-5: MANUFACTURER’S AUTHORIZATION FORM (MAF)  

To be filled by the OEM (indicative format) 

To, 

{Procuring Entity}, 

______________________________, 

 

Subject: Issue of the Manufacturer’s Authorisation Form (MAF) 

Reference: NIB/ RFP Ref. No. _____________________ dated ________ 

 

Sir, 

We {name and address of the OEM} who are established and reputed original equipment manufacturers 

(OEMs) having factories at {addresses of manufacturing location} do hereby authorize {M/s 

__________________________} who is our {Distributor/ Channel Partner/ Retailer/ Others <please 

specify>} to bid, negotiate and conclude the contract with you against the aforementioned reference for 

the following Hardware/ Software manufactured by us: - 

{OEM will mention the details of all the proposed product(s) with their make/ model.}  

We undertake to provide OEM Warranty & support for the offered Hardware/ Software, as mentioned 

above, for 3 Years. 

 

We hereby confirm that the offered Hardware/ Software is not likely to be declared as End-of-Sale within 

next 6 months from the last date of bid submission. 

 

We hereby confirm that the offered Hardware/ Software is not likely to be declared as End-of-Service/ 

Support within next 3 years from the last date of bid submission. 

 

Yours faithfully, 

For and on behalf of M/s (Name of the manufacturer) 

 

(Authorized Signatory) 

Name, Designation & Contact No.: 

Address: ___________________________________ 

Seal: 

 
  



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 50 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-6: UNDERTAKING ON AUTHENTICITY OF COMPUTER EQUIPMENTS 

{to be filled by the bidder(On Rs. 100/- Non-judicial stamp paper)} 

 

To, 

{Procuring Entity}, 

______________________________, 

 

Reference: NIB No. :___________________________________ Dated:__________ 

 

This has reference to the items being supplied/quoted to you vide bid ref. no. ___________ dated ___________. 

 

We hereby undertake that all the components/parts/assembly/ software used in the equipment shall be genuine, 

original and new components /parts/assembly/software from respective OEMs of the products and that no 

refurbished/duplicate/ second hand components/ parts/ assembly/ software are being used or shall be used. In 

respect of licensed operating system, we undertake that the same shall be supplied along with the authorized 

license certificate with our name/logo. Also, that it shall be sourced from the authorized source for use in India.  

 

In case, we are found not complying with above at the time of delivery or during installation, for the equipment 

already billed, we agree to take back the equipment already supplied at our cost and return any amount paid to 

us by you in this regard and that you will have the right to forfeit our Bid Security/ SD/ PSD for this bid or 

debar/ black list us or take suitable action against us. 

 

 

Authorized Signatory 

Name: 

Designation: 

 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 51 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-7: COMPONENTS OFFERED – BOM{to be filled by the bidder} 

 

Please fill the following BOM for all the offered components. 

S.No. Product Details 

(Only one make and model) 

Detailed 

Technical 

Specification 

Reference** 

OEM Details  

(Name, Address, E-Mail, 

Mobile Nos.) 

1.  {Item No. xx}  

2.  {Item No. xx}  

3.  {Item No. xx}  

 

** Please attach Technical specifications compliance sheet (on OEM letter head only) and provide reference 

number in this column. (Deviations, if any, should be appropriately mentioned & highlighted in the compliance/ 

deviation column of the respective table as provided above in the Annexure-2: Technical Specifications) 

 

 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 52 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE -8: FINANCIAL BID FORMAT  

{to be submitted by the bidder only in BoQ format (.XLS) available at e-Procurement portal} 
Sr. 
No 

Name of Item Qty Unit Price 
Excluding 

GST  
(In Rs.) 

Applicable 
GST  

(in Rs.) 

Unit Price 
(In Rs.) 

(Inclusive 
of GST) 

Total 
Amount  
(In Rs.) 

1 2 3 4 5 6 =(4+5) 7= 3x6 

1. Direct Access Storage (DAS) for RSDC 02     

Total Amount (In Figures):  

Total Amount (In Words):  

 
NOTE: The prices offered by the bidder for the above-mentioned items should include all incidental charges 
and will be evaluated on composite basis i.e., price of the above-mentioned items and shall be considered for 
award of contract. 
 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 53 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-9: BANK GUARANTEE FORMAT – PERFORMANCE SECURITY (PBG) 
(To be stamped in accordance with Stamp Act and on a Stamp Paper purchased from Rajasthan 
State only and to be issued by a Nationalised/ Scheduled bank having its branch at Jaipur and 
payable at par at Jaipur, Rajasthan) 
 
To,  
The Secretary & Commissioner, 
Department of Information Technology & Communications (DoIT&C), 
IT Building, YojanaBhawan Campus, Tilak Marg,  
C-Scheme, Jaipur-302005 (Raj). 
 
1. In consideration of the Department of IT&C, Govt. of Rajasthan (hereinafter called "DoIT&C") 

having agreed to exempt M/s ..........................(hereinafter called "the said Contractor(s)"  from the 
demand, under the terms and conditions of an Work Order No...................................dated 
.....................made between the DoIT&C and .......................(Contractor) for the work ................. 
of Security Deposit for the due fulfilment by the said Contractor (s) of the terms and conditions 
contained in the said work order, on production of a Bank Guarantee for Rs...................(Rupees 
........................................only), we ...................(indicate the name of the Bank), (hereinafter 
referred to as "the Bank") at the request of ..................Contractor(s) do hereby undertake to pay 
to the DoIT&Can amount not exceeding Rs...................(Rupees..................................only) on 
demand. 

2. We................. (Indicate the name of Bank), do hereby undertake to pay Rs.................... 
(Rupees............................only), the amounts due and payable under this guarantee without any 
demur or delay, merely on a demand from the DoIT&C. Any such demand made on the bank by 
the DoIT&Cshall be conclusive as regards the amount due and payable by the Bank under this 
guarantee. The Bank Guarantee shall be completely at the disposal of the DoIT&Cand 
We....................... (Indicate the name of Bank), bound ourselves with all directions given by 
DoIT&Cregarding this Bank Guarantee. However, our liability under this guarantee shall be 
restricted to an amount not exceeding Rs...................... (Rupees....................only). 

3. We.......................(indicate the name of Bank), undertake to pay to the DoIT&Cany money so 
demanded notwithstanding any dispute or disputes raised by the contractor(s) in any suit or 
proceeding pending before any Court or Tribunal or Arbitrator etc. relating thereto, our liability 
under these presents being absolute, unequivocal and unconditional. 

4. We.....................(indicate the name of Bank) further agree that the performance guarantee herein 
contained shall remain in full force and effective up to <DATE> and that it shall continue to be 
enforceable for above specified period till all the dues of DoIT&Cunder or by virtue of the said 
Agreement have been fully paid and its claims satisfied or discharged or till the DoIT&Ccertifies 
that the terms and conditions of the said Agreement have been fully and properly carried out by 
the said Contractor(s) and accordingly discharges this guarantee.   

5. We ...........................(indicate the name of Bank) further agree with the DoIT&Cthat the 
DoIT&Cshall have the fullest liberty without our consent and without affecting in any manner our 
obligations hereunder to vary any of the terms and conditions of the said work order or to extend 
time of performance by the said Contractor(s) from time to time or to postpone for any time or 
from time to time any of the powers exercisable by the DoIT&Cagainst the said Contractor(s) and 
to forbear or enforce any of the terms and conditions relating to the said work order and we shall 
not be relieved from our liability by reason of any such variation, or extension being granted to the 
said Contractor(s) or for any forbearance, act or omission on the part of the DoIT&Cor any 
indulgence by the DoIT&Cto the said Contractor(s) or by any such matter or thing whatsoever 
which would but for this provision, have effect of so relieving us. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 54 of 57 
 
 

6. The liability of............................. (indicate the name of Bank), under this guarantee will not be 
discharged due to the change in the constitution of the Bank or the contractor(s). 

7. We.............................. (indicate the name of Bank), lastly undertake not to revoke this guarantee 
except with the previous consent of the DoIT&Cin writing.  

8. This performance Guarantee shall remain valid and in full effect, until it is decided to be discharged 
by the DoIT&C. Notwithstanding anything mentioned above, our liability against this guarantee is 
restricted to Rs........................... (Rupees..............................only). 

9. It shall not be necessary for the DoIT&Cto proceed against the contractor before proceeding 
against the Bank and the guarantee herein contained shall be enforceable against the Bank 
notwithstanding any security which the DoIT&Cmay have obtained or obtain from the contractor. 

10. We.............................. (indicate the name of Bank) verify that we have a branch at Jaipur, 
Rajasthan. We undertake that this Bank Guarantee shall be payable at any of its branch at Jaipur, 
Rajasthan. If the last day of expiry of Bank Guarantee happens to be a holiday of the Bank, the 
Bank Guarantee shall expire on the close of the next working day. 

11. We hereby confirm that we have the power(s) to issue this guarantee in your favour under the 
memorandum and articles of Association/constitution of our bank and the undersigned is/are the 
recipient of authority by express delegation of power(s) and has/have full power(s) to execute this 
guarantee for the power of attorney issued by the bank. 

 
Dated..........................day of....................For and on behalf of the <Bank> (indicate the Bank) 
 
 

Signature 
 
 

(Name & Designation) 
 
 

Bank's Seal 
 

 
The above performance Guarantee is accepted by the DoIT&C 

For and on behalf of the DoIT&C 
 

 
Signature 

 
(Name & Designation) 

 

  



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 55 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-10: DRAFT AGREEMENT FORMAT {to be mutually signed by selected bidder and 
procuring entity} 

This Contract is made and entered into on this ______day of ________, 2018 by and between Department of 
Information Technology & Communications, Govt. of Rajasthan, having its head office at IT Building Yojana 
Bhawan Campus, Tilak Marg, C-Scheme, Jaipur-302005, Rajasthan (herein after referred to as Purchaser/ 
DoIT&C) which term or expression, unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or context, shall include his 
successors in office and assignees on ONE PART 
 
And 
M/s__________________, a company registered under _______________ with its registered office at 
_____________________ (herein after referred as the “Successful Bidder/ Supplier”) which term or 
expression, unless excluded by or repugnant to the subject or context, shall include his successors in office 
and assignees on the OTHER PART. 
 
Whereas, 
Purchaser is desirous of appointing an agency for <project title>as per the Scope of Work and Terms and 
Conditions as set forth in the RFP document dated _________ of <NIB No _________________>. 
 
And whereas  
The supplier represents that it has the necessary experience for carrying out the overall work as referred to 
herein and has submitted a bid and subsequent clarifications for providing the required services against said 
NIB and RFP document issued in this regard, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
any other reasonable requirements of the Purchaser from time to time. 
 
And whereas  
Purchaser has accepted the bid of supplier and has placed the Work Order vide Letter No. 
__________________dated _______, on which M/s__________ has given their acceptance vide their Letter 
No._____________ dated ____________. 
And whereas 
The supplier has deposited a sum of Rs. ________________/- (Rupees _________________) in the form of 
__________________ ref no. _________________ dated ______________ of ____________ Bank and valid 
up to _____________ as security deposit for the due performance of the contract. 
 
Now it is hereby agreed to by and between both the parties as under: - 

1. The NIB Ref. No. ____________________________ dated ___________ and RFP document dated 
_________ issued by DoIT&C along with its enclosures/ annexures, wherever applicable, are deemed to 
be taken as part of this contract and are binding on both the parties executing this contract. 

2. In consideration of the payment to be made by DoIT&C to supplier at the rates set forth in the work order 
no. ____________________ dated_________ will duly supply the said articles set forth in “Annexure-I: Bill 
of Material” thereof and provide related services in the manner set forth in the RFP, along with its 
enclosures/ annexures and Technical Bid along with subsequent clarifications submitted by supplier. 

3. The DoIT&C do hereby agree that if supplier shall duly supply the said articles and provide related services 
in the manner aforesaid observe and keep the said terms and conditions of the RFP and Contract, the 
DoIT&Cwill pay or cause to be paid to supplier, at the time and the manner set forth in the said conditions 
of the RFP, the amount payable for each and every project milestone & deliverable. The mode of Payment 
will be as specified in the RFP document. 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 56 of 57 
 
 

4. The timelines for the prescribed Scope of Work, requirement of services and deployment of technical 
resources shall be effected from the date of work order i.e. ____________ and completed by supplier within 
the period as specified in the RFP document. 

5. In case of extension in the delivery and/ or installation period/ completion period with liquidated damages, 
the recovery shall be made on the basis of following percentages of value of stores/ works which supplier 
has failed to supply/ install/ complete: - 

a) Delay up to one fourth period of the prescribed delivery period, successful 
installation & completion of work 

2.5% 

b) Delay exceeding one fourth but not exceeding half of the prescribed delivery period, 
successful installation & completion of work. 

5.0% 

c) Delay exceeding half but not exceeding three fourth of the prescribed delivery 
period, successful installation & completion of work. 

7.5% 

d) Delay exceeding three fourth of the prescribed delivery period, successful 
installation & completion of work. 

10.0% 

Note:     
i. Fraction of a day in reckoning period of delay in supplies/ maintenance services shall be eliminated 

if it is less than half a day. 
ii. The maximum amount of agreed liquidated damages shall be 10%. 
iii. If supplier requires an extension of time in completion of contractual supply on account of occurrence 

of any hindrances, he shall apply in writing to the authority which had placed the work order, for the 
same immediately on occurrence of the hindrance but not after the stipulated date of completion of 
supply.  

iv. Delivery period may be extended with or without liquidated damages if the delay in the supply of 
goods in on account of hindrances beyond the control of supplier. 

6. All disputes arising out of this agreement and all questions relating to the interpretation of   this agreement 
shall be decided as per the procedure mentioned in the RFP document. 

 

In witness whereof the parties have caused this contract to be executed by their Authorized Signatories on this 

_____day of _______________, 2018. 

Signed By: Signed By: 

 
 
() 
Designation:,  
Company: 

 
 
 
(Authorized Signatory) 

Department of IT&C, Govt. of Rajasthan 

 
 
In the presence of: 

 
 
In the presence of: 

 
 
Designation: 
Company: 

 
 
 
Designation: 
Department of IT&C, Govt. of Rajasthan 

 
 
Designation: 
Company: 

 
 
Designation: 
Department of IT&C, Govt. of Rajasthan 



 
 

                                                              Draft RFP for Supply and Installation of DAS for RSDC 

Page 57 of 57 
 
 

ANNEXURE-11: MEMORANDUM OF APPEAL UNDER THE RTPP ACT, 2012 
 

Appeal No ………of …………… 
Before the ………………………… (First/ Second Appellate Authority) 
 
1. Particulars of appellant: 

a. Name of the appellant: <please specify> 
b. Official address, if any: <please specify> 
c. Residential address: <please specify> 

 
2. Name and address of the respondent(s):  

a. <please specify> 
b. <please specify> 
c. <please specify> 

 
3. Number and date of the order appealed against and name and designation of the officer/ authority who 

passed the order (enclose copy), or a statement of a decision, action or omission of the procuring entity in 
contravention to the provisions of the Act by which the appellant is aggrieved: <please specify> 

 
4. If the Appellant proposes to be represented by a representative, the name and postal address of the 

representative: <please specify> 
 
5. Number of affidavits and documents enclosed with the appeal: <please specify> 

 

6. Grounds of appeal (supported by an affidavit): <please specify> 
 

7. Prayer: <please specify> 
 
 
Place …………………………………….  
 
Date …………………………………… 
 
 

Appellant's Signature 
 


