














































Page 1  
 

Telephone No : 23019915 
 

Army Headquarters Computer Centre 
Integrated HQ MoD (Army)  
`B‟ Wing Basement, Sena Bhawan, 
DHQ PO,  
New Delhi - 110011 
 

Tender No : PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for Indian Army 
/TAG Projects/58 

       11 Oct 2018 

 
To, 
__________________ 
__________________ 
__________________ 
 (SI‟s Address) 

 
ESTABLISHMENT OF CERTIFICATION AUTHORITY FOR INDIAN ARMY AT ARMY 

HEADQUARTER COMPUTER CENTRE 

 
1.       Army Headquarters Computer Centre (AHCC), Integrated HQ MoD (Army), 
hereinafter referred to as the „Buyer‟, intends to undertake a project for Establishment 
of Certificate Authority for Indian Army at Army Headquarters Computer Centre”. Bids 
will be submitted on line, based on a Two-Bid System (i.e. Technical and Commercial 
Bids), are invited for the delivery of items and services as listed at Part II of this 
Tender Enquiry (TE). Please refer the above mentioned Title, TE number and tender can 
be viewed at www.eprocure.gov.in. 

 
2.       The address and contact  numbers for sending Bids or seeking clarif icat ions 
regarding this TE are given below - 
 

(a) Bids/queries to be 
addressed to: Commandant 
Army Headquarters Computer Centre 
Integrated HQ MoD (Army) 
`B‟ Wing Basement, Sena Bhawan 
DHQ PO, New Delhi – 110011 
 

(b) Postal address for sending the 
Bids: Commandant 
Army Headquarters Computer Centre 
Integrated HQ MoD (Army) 
`B‟ Wing Basement, Sena Bhawan 
DHQ PO, New Delhi - 110011 

 
(c) Name/designation of the contact 

personnel: Commandant 
Army Headquarters Computer Centre 
 

(d) Telephone Numbers of the contact personnel: 
Tele: 011-23019915 
Fax: 011-23015644 

 
(e) Email id of contact personnel: 

techweb@nic.in 
 
 

 

mailto:techweb@nic.in


Page 2  
 

3. This TE is divided into five Parts as follows: 
 

(a) Part I - Contains general information and instructions for the bidders about 
the RFP such as the time, place of submission and opening of tenders, validity period 
of tenders, etc. 

 
(b) Part II - Contains essential details of the items/services required, such as the 
Schedule of Requirements (SOR), technical specifications, delivery period, mode of 
delivery and consignee details. 

 
(c) Part III - Contains standard conditions of TE, which will form part of the 
contract with the successful bidder. 

 
(d) Part IV - Contains special conditions applicable to this TE and which will 
also form part of the contract with the successful bidder. 

 
(e) Part V - Contains evaluation criteria and format for price bids. 

 
4. This TE is being issued with no financial commitment and the Buyer reserves the 
right to change or vary any part thereof at any stage. Buyer also reserves the right to 
withdraw the RFP, should it become necessary at any stage. 

 
5. All parameters which are mentioned in this RFP are purely non-proprietary, and 
if a proprietary standard is mentioned anywhere, it is to indicate merely the 
functionalities required, and vendor can use equipment/system from any standard 
OEM, which provides the same functionalities. 
 
6. Placement of Purchase Order - The Purchase Order will be placed on successful 

conclusion of negotiations with the L1 Firm. 

7. Please ensure that this is your best and final offer. 
 

 

 
Sd/-x-x-x-x-x-x 
Yours faithfully,  
Colonel 
Commandant 
Army Headquarters Computer Centre 

 
Copy to:- 

Directorate General of Signals 
(Signals 7) 
Integrated HQ of MoD (Army) 
DHQ PO, New Delhi – 110011 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 



Page 3  
 

PART - I: GENERAL INFORMATION 

 

1.  Critical Dates. The critical dates with respect to the Tender ref PC-621/AHCC/Est of 

CA for Indian Army /TAG Projects/58 are as follows: - 

 

CRITICAL DATE SHEET 

Ser 
No 

Item 
 

Date 
 

Actual   
Date 

Time 

(a) Publication Date „P‟ Day 
 

11 Oct 2018 1500 hrs 
 

(b) Bid Document Download „P‟ Day + 1 Day 
 

12 Oct 2018 0900 hrs 
 

(c) Date from which Clarification can 
be sought 

„P‟ Day + 1 Day 
 

12 Oct 2018 1000 hrs 
 

(d) Pre-bid Meeting 
 

„P‟ Day + 07 Day 
 

18 Oct 2018 1200 hrs 

(e) Earliest Date of Bid Submission 
 

„P‟ Day + 1 Day 12 Oct 2018 1700 hrs 
 

(f) Last Date of seeking Clarification 
on the TE 

„P‟ + 07 Day 
 

18 Oct 2018 1700 hrs 
 

(g) Last Date of Bid Submission „P‟ + 28 Day 
 

08 Nov 2018 1600 hrs 
 

(h) Bid Opening Date 
 

„P‟ + 29 Day 09 Nov 2018 1500 hrs 
 

Note: „P‟ is the date of publication of the tender 

 

Submission of The Bids 

 

2.  The bids will be submitted in the following manner: - 

 

(a)  The following documents shall be submitted physically by post or by hand at 

the address given in Para 2 of the covering letter prior to the last date of submission 

of bids in the following manner:- 

 

  (i)  Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) as applicable or a valid Certificate of               

  Exemption of Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) as applicable. (To be placed in a          

  separate envelope). Any firm claiming exemption should enclose a valid proof 

  of the same at the time of submission of the bids. 

(ii) Tender Conditions Acceptance Certificate. Format for the same is                

 attached as Appendix „A‟ (to this TE). 

  (iii)    Downloaded Tender documents duly stamped and signed. 

(iv) Technical Data Sheets and Compliance alongwith cross reference 

with the Data Sheets of Equipment offered.  

(v) Copy of supporting documents for SI and OEM Eligibility criterion.  

 

 

 

 

  



Page 4  
 

 (b)  The following documents shall be submitted online (Scanned and uploaded at 

 www.eprocure.gov.in). 

 

(i)  Folder - I.    Folder-1 will contain the Technical Bids which consist of 
the following documents:- 

   (aa)  Valid proof of Company/firm Registration, including certificate of         

   renewal of registration wherever applicable. 

   (ab)  PAN No, CST/ VAT/ TIN/ Regn. 

   (ac)  Bank certificate of credit worthiness. 

   (ad)  Certificate of acceptance of terms and conditions of TE on firms         

   letter head. 

   (ae)  Scanned copy of Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) documents if                                                

   applicable or the exemption certificate. 

(af)  Tender Conditions Acceptance Certificate. Following 

certificates be furnished. 

     (aaa) Signed copy certifying the acceptance of all the tender            

     conditions as per Appendix „A‟ to the TE. 

    (aab) If the certificate is signed by legally authorised signatory, a              

     copy of the authorization letter must be uploaded. 

   (ag)  Clause by clause compliance of specifications should be  

   mentioned in Para 2 of Part II of the TE. Relevant certifications  

   should be mentioned wherever applicable. 

(aaa)  Technical Compliance of Equipment Offered. Tech 

specifications form will be filled, signed, stamped, scanned and 

uploaded as per the format and specs given in Appendix „D, E & 

G‟. 

(aab) Table clearly specifying the make model of all the items 

being supplied as a part of the proposed solution by the bidder, 

alongwith reference to data sheets, certifying compliance with all 

the technical qualitative requirements in the TE. 

(aac) Qualification/Eligibility criteria as per Appendix „E‟ 

   (ah)  OEM authorization certificate as per format enclosed. 

   (aj)  Any other details, as considered necessary by the vendor/firm  

   and relevant to the project may also be enclosed. 

 

(ii)  Folder – II.  Folder - II will contain the Commercial bids and will consist 

of the following documents which will be submitted online:- 

   (aa)  Commercial bids will be submitted in the form of „BOQ‟ (Bill of              

   Quantities) a per format attached at to TE. 

(ab)  Scanned copy of “Additional Charges/ Discounts” clearly bringing 

out the details of items with Financial implications on the bid as per 

the format attached at Appendix “B” to the TE. 

 

 3.       Time and date for opening of Bids: - 

(a) Date : 09/11/2018 ( DD/ MM /YEAR). 

(b) Time: 1500 Hours. 

  (If due to any exigency, the due date for opening of the Bids is declared a closed 
  holiday, the Bids will be opened on the next working day at the same time or on any 
  other day/time, as intimated by the Buyer.) 

http://www.eprocure.gov.in/


Page 5  
 

 
  (c) The technical Bid would be opened only on the time and date mentioned 

above. Date of opening of the Commercial Bid will be intimated after acceptance of the 

Technical Bids.  Commercial Bids of only those firms will be opened, whose Technical Bids 

are found compliant/suitable after technical evaluation is done by the Buyer. 

4.      Location of the Tender Box       A tender box duly marked with the title of the RFP 
shall be available at the office of Army Headquarters Computer Centre for deposition of the 
documents as per paragraph 2 (a) till the last time and date for depositing the bids. Only 
those documents as per paragraph 2 (a) that are found in the tender box will be opened. 
Documents as per paragraph 2 (a) dropped in the wrong Tender Box will be rendered 
invalid. 

 
5.      Place of Opening of the Bids    The bids would be opened by a Board of Officers 
constituted for the purpose at the office of the Army Headquarters Computer Centre.  The 
Bidders may depute their representatives, duly authorized in writing, to attend the opening 
of Bids on the due date and time. Rates and important commercial/ technical clauses quoted 
by all Bidders will be read out in the presence of the representatives of all the Bidders. This 
event will not be postponed due to non-presence of your representative. 

 
  6.      Two-Bid System (Technical and Commercial). 

(a)  The Technical Bids shall be opened as per critical date sheet mentioned in 

Para 1of Part I of this tender document. The evaluation of technical Bid will be carried 

out off-line and the results of the evaluation will be uploaded on the Central Public 

Procurement Portal (https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app). 

(b)  The Commercial Bids of only those Bidders whose Technical bids meet all the

 stipulated (Technical) requirements shall be opened. The date of opening will be 

 intimated to the Bidders through Central Public Procurement Portal 

 (https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app). 

  

 (c)  The TECHNICAL BID and the COMMERCIAL BID should be submitted by the 

bidder duly digitally signed by the legal owner of the firm or the person authorized 

by him to do so. 

  

 (d)  Instructions for Online Bid Submission. Instructions to the Bidders to 

 submit the bids online through the Central Public Procurement Portal for  

 e-Procurement at https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app are attached as Appendix „C‟. 

 
7. Pre Bid Meeting. 

(a)    Clarification Regarding Contents of the TE.          A   prospective   bidder   

who requires clarification regarding the contents of the bidding documents shall 

notify to the Buyer in writing about the clarifications sought not later than 14 

(fourteen) days prior to the date of opening of the Bids. Copies of the query and 

clarification by the purchaser will be sent to all prospective bidders who have received 

the bidding documents. A pre-bid meeting will be held at Army HQ Computer Centre, 

B Wing Basement, Sena Bhawan, New Delhi at 1200 hours on 18 Oct 2018 to 

answer any queries or clarify doubts regarding submission of your Proposal, in which 

your representative is required to attend. Necessary details of your representative(s) 

may be sent one week in advance to the above address/Tele No, to facilitate 

obtaining of security clearance. 



Page 6  
 

8.       Modification and Withdrawal of Bids.        A bidder may modify or withdraw his bid 
after submission provided that the written notice of modification or withdrawal is received by 
the Buyer prior to deadline prescribed for submission of bids. A withdrawal notice may be 
sent by fax but it should be followed by a signed confirmation copy to be sent by post and 
such signed confirmation should reach the purchaser not later than the deadline for 
submission of bids. No bid shall be modified after the deadline for submission of bids. No 
bid may be withdrawn in the interval between the deadline for submission of bids and 
expiration of the period of bid validity specified. Withdrawal of a bid during this period will 
result in Bidder‟s forfeiture of Earnest Money Deposit (EMD). 

 
9.     Clarification Regarding Contents of the Bids.        During evaluation and 
comparison of bids, the Buyer may, at its discretion, ask the bidder for clarification of his 
bid. The request for clarification will be given in writing and no change in prices or substance 
of the bid will be sought, offered or permitted. No post-bid clarification on the initiative of the 
bidder will be entertained. 

 
10.     Rejection of Bids.    Canvassing by the Bidder in any form, unsolicited letter 
and post-tender correction may invoke summary rejection with forfeiture of EMD. Any 
conditions/ terms given in the Technical or Commercial bids by bidders will not be binding 
on Army Headquarters Computer Centre. All the terms and conditions for the supply, 
delivery, testing and acceptance, payment, warranty, uptime, penalty will be as given in the 
TE and no change in any term or condition by the bidders will be acceptable. Conditional 
tenders will be rejected. Alteration, if any, in the tender document should be attested 
properly by the bidder with signature and stamp, failing which the tender will be 
rejected. Certificate of Acceptance of all Terms and Conditions of the RFP as per 
Appendix „A‟ will be enclosed. Bids without the above certificate are liable to be rejected. 

 
11.     Unwillingness to Quote.    Bidders unwilling to quote should ensure that intimation 
to this effect reaches before the due date and time of opening of the Bid, failing which the 
defaulting Bidder may be delisted from the list of bidders empanelled for the given range of 
items and services as mentioned in this RFP. 

 
12.     Validity of Bids.     The Bids  should remain  valid  till  180  days  i.e 07/05/2019 
(DD/MM/YEAR) from the date of Tender Box Opening. 
 
13.     Earnest Money Deposit.   Bidders are required to submit Earnest Money Deposit 
(EMD) for amount of Rs 20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Lacs only) along with their bids. The 
EMD may be submitted in the form of an Account Payee Demand Draft, Fixed Deposit 
Receipt, Banker's Cheque or Bank Guarantee from any of the public sector banks or a 
private sector bank authorized to conduct government business as per Form DPM-13 
(Available in MoD website and can be provided on request). EMD is to remain valid for a 
period of forty-five days beyond the final bid validity period. EMD of the unsuccessful 
bidders will be returned to them at the earliest after expiry of the final bid validity and 
latest on or before the 30

th
 day after the award of the contract. The Bid Security of the 

successful bidder would be returned, without any interest whatsoever, after the receipt 
of Performance Security from them as called for in the contract. EMD is not required to 
be submitted by those Bidders who are registered for the same item/range of 
products/goods or services with the Central Purchase Organization, National Small 
Industries Corporation (NSIC) or any Department of MoD or MoD itself. The EMD will 
be forfeited, if the bidder withdraws or amends impairs or derogates from the tender in 
any respect within the validity period of their tender. 



Page 7  
 

 

PART II – ESSENTIAL DETAILS OF ITEMS/SERVICES REQUIRED 

 

1.      Schedule of Requirements. List of items / services required is as follows: 
 

       (a)  The turnkey project includes the following as per details given:- 

 
Ser 

No 

Item Quantity Remarks 

(i) Digital Certificate Lifecycle 
Management Solution 

01 x Enterprise License  
(for DC, DR and NLDC) 

 

(ii) OCSP Responder 01 x Enterprise License 
(for DC, DR and NLDC) 

 

(iii) Time Stamping Server 
 

01 x Enterprise License  
(for DC, DR and NLDC) 

 

(iv) Installation and Commissioning 
Charges for hardware components 

One Time (To include 
commissioning at DC, DR and 
NLDC and a Test Setup at AHCC) 

 

(v) Cost of Audit as per CCA 
guidelines - Audit to be conducted 
by a CCA empanelled auditor  

03 x Audits (including Certification 
Audit, upto 3 yrs of warranty) 

 

(vi) Hardware Security Module 04  

(vii) Servers for Root CA with 
virtualisation platform compatible 
with existing infrastructure and 
manageable from existing 
management console 

02 x 02 
(02 each at DC & DR) 

 

(viii) Servers for Sub CA with 
virtualisation platform compatible 
with existing infrastructure and 
manageable from existing 
management console 

02 x 02 
(02 each at DC & DR) 

 

(ix) NPL Clock Receiver 02  

(x) Biometric Authentication for CA 
Servers 

02 (To cater for Biometric 
authentication for CA Servers at DC 
& DR) 

 

(xi) Strong Room Enclosure as per 
CCA guidelines for DC & DR 

02 
(01 each at DC & DR) 

 

(xii) USB Tokens 40,000  

(xiii) External Tape Drive 2  

(xiv) Installation and Commissioning 
Charges for software components 

One Time 
(Include commissioning at DC, DR 
and NLDC and a Test Setup at 
AHCC) 

 

(xv) Training Charges 4 training capsules, each of min 01 
week duration to a total of 12 
individuals 

 

 

 

 

 



Page 8  
 

       (b)    Project involves the following 
 

Ser. 

No 

Deliverables Remarks 

(i) Detailed planning and finalization of establishment of CCA 
certified CA at AHCC, in accordance with the CCA 
Guidelines. 

To be finalized 
between the Bidder, 
User in accordance 
with CCA 

(ii) Preparation of site for establishment of CCA certified CA at 
Central Data Centre (CDC) and Disaster Recovery (DR) site 
(at Pune), as per the CCA guidelines on the subject. 

 

(iii) Delivery and installation of hardware as per requirement of 
the proposed solution by the successful bidder. 

As per Bill of 

Material 

(iv) Delivery and Installation of CA Digital Certificate Life Cycle 
Management Solution along with Hardware Security Module. 
This would also include requisite integrating the CA 
framework with existing infrastructure at AHCC. Facilitating 
integration of applications requiring digital signatures, 
authentication based on digital certificates.  This would also 
involve setting up of RA at upto 10 locations, wherein the 
hardware for RA client will be provided by the buyer. 

At CDC and DR Site 

(v) Delivery, installation and setup of a test set-up comprising of 
CA solution components at CDC for training purpose.  

Bidder to cater for 
atleast 02 x PCs for 
the test setup 

(vi) Documentation of the Policies, Certificate Practice 
Statement (CPS) as per CCA guidelines on the subject. 

To be published on 
Army Data Network 

(vii) CCA Audit of the setup to include any changes/ 
modifications as desired/ directed by the designated auditor. 
In case there is a requirement of the CCA authorities to be 
taken to the Central Data Centre, DR Site and NLDC, for 
certification, the responsibility and all related expenses will 
be borne by the bidder/ vendor. 

Bidder would ensure 
certification of the 
CA framework by 
CCA as a part of 
implementation, in 
accordance with 
CCA. 

(viii) Establishment of the CA framework for army data network.  

(ix) Training & Knowledge Transfer as per the details given at 

para 2 (d) 

 

(x) On Call – On Site support for any trouble shooting, 

modification and integration to be catered for by the bidder, 

for the duration of Warranty. 

For the warranty 

period of three years 

from the date of 

ATP. 

 
2. Technical Details 

 

(a)      Technical details with technical parameters with specification is attached as 
per Appendix „D‟. 
(b)      All bidders may be required to procure a sample of the said items for approval 
of the Technical Evaluation Committee (TEC) convened by the consignee at date, 
time and place intimated by the Technical Evaluation Committee in case desired by 
the Technical Evaluation Committee (TEC) at no cost no commitment basis. In the 
event, the Bidder is unable to produce the items within the stipulated period, or if the 
solutions / equipment‟s does not confirm to the laid down specification and/or 
performance parameters, than the Technical Evaluation Committee (TEC) reserves 
the right to disqualify/reject the bid. 
 
(c)     Qualification/Eligibility Criteria   As per Appendix „E‟. 
 



Page 9  
 

(d)     Training.  4 training capsules (2 x User Training capsule for RAs and  2 x   
Administrator Training Capsule), each of minimum 01 weeks duration to a total of 12 
individuals in managing the solution will be catered for by the Bidder at the user 
premises within one year of the ATP. The training shall be on the following aspects: - 

 
(i)       Basic/Advanced System Administrator training on functional aspect of the 
entire solution to be provided. It shall also cover system software & hardware 
configuration. 
(ii)       A detailed syllabus for training on each of the supplied components 
shall be submitted as part of the technical bid. However, buyer shall reserve 
the right to make modifications to the syllabus, if required at the time of 
implementation of the project. 
(iii)    Training and Installation documents specific to the installation, 
management of hardware and integration solution implemented at the Buyer 
location shall be prepared during the implementation phase and shall form part 
of deliverables at the time of Acceptance Testing. 
 

(e)   Installation/Commissioning.  Installation/commissioning will involve installation 
and integration of Certificate Authority Solution with existing system. 
Implementation/commissioning and integration of the hardware delivered in 
the project with the existing infrastructure shall be carried out by the bidder. 
This shall include the following:- 

 
(i)  The complete installation, configuration and integration of each of the 
items supplied with the existing Data Centre setup at Army Headquarters 
Computer Centre. 
(ii)  Configure & Implement Enterprise Certificate Authority and Certification 
from CCA of India. 
(iii)  Any additional Software/ Operating System/ Database licenses required 
for implementing the complete solution has to be catered for by the bidder.  
Further details can be obtained from Army Headquarters Computer Centre 
on requirement basis. 

 
(f)       Hardware Acceptance Testing.   Delivery of hardware will be at site i.e. for 
CDC and NLDC, at Army Headquarters Computer Centre, Sena Bhawan, New Delhi 
and for DR site, at Pune. The system will be subjected to an acceptance testing 
procedure, to test individual components and successful integration of all 
components.  The bidder and the user, before the finalization of the contract, will 
work out the specific details of the procedure jointly. The broad outline of the 
acceptance testing procedure of the complete solution is given at Appendix „F‟. The 
specifications of the equipment should be in conformity with the details provided by 
the bidder and as per the given specifications. The user would issue acceptance 
certificate on successful completion of acceptance testing. The date of issuing final 
acceptance certificate would be deemed to be the date on which the warranty 
will commence for the hardware. The user will order a board of officers to carry out 
the ATP.  Test data would be collected by the BIDDER and he would be required 
to submit ATP document jointly signed by user and the bidder‟s authorized 
representative. 
 

(g)      Inspection.  The stores will be subject to inspection by a Board of Officers 
detailed by the purchaser to ascertain that they conform to the specifications as laid 
down in the supply order. In case the stores ordered on receipt are not found to be 
conforming to the laid down specifications, the defective stores will be removed and 
replaced by the stores of the correct specifications by the supplier at his own expense 
within a period of 15 days of inspection. In case of any dispute, decision of the 
purchaser will be final and binding. The item should conform to latest manufacturing 
technology and should also conform to the current production standard of having 
100% defined life at the time of delivery. 



Page 10  
 

 
(h)      Software/ Firmware Updates. Bidder will guarantee provision of all software/ 
firmware updates and upgrades for a period of three years from the date of ATP 
(warranty period), free of cost. The updates and upgrades for a period of four 
years after expiry of warranty period would be on a chargeable basis. However 
during warranty it will be given free of cost. If any upgrade is provided free by the 
OEM, the same will be passed on to the user free of cost. 

 
3.      Two-bid System.     As Two-bid system is being followed, bidders are required to 
furnish clause by clause compliance of specifications bringing out clearly the deviations from 
specification, if any. The Bidders are advised to submit the compliance statement in the 
format given in Appendix „D, E & G‟ with the Technical Bid. 

 
4.      Delivery Period.     Delivery period for supply of items would be as given below from 
the effective date of contract. Please note that Contract can be cancelled unilaterally by the 
Buyer in case items are not received within the contracted delivery period. Extension of 
contracted delivery period will be at the sole discretion of the Buyer, with applicability of LD 
clause. 

 
(a)    Delivery of hardware for acceptance within 8 weeks of placement of Supply 
Order at AHCC, New Delhi. 
(b)    Installation and integration of entire solution at AHCC Data Centre and DR 
site along with necessary documentation within 16 weeks of placement of Supply 
Order at AHCC, New Delhi. 
(c) Certification by CCA to include any modification as desired for the same and 
ATP of the project within 22 weeks of placement of Supply Order. 

 
5.      Service Level Agreement.        Service Level Agreement will be as laid down in 
the warranty and maintenance clause at Part IV of the RFP which bidder will have to comply. 

 
6.     Confidentiality of the Project     Bidder shall ensure confidentially of the project 
and shall not disclose any information gained by Bidder or his representatives/agents, while 
interacting with the persons of Army Headquarters Computer Centre or any documents 
prepared in connection with the project or any documents received by Bidder or any study 
carried out by Bidder directly or indirectly, to any person or company or institution or press. 
All persons of Bidder Company authorized by Bidder Company, who are associated with 
this project, shall sign a Confidentiality Certificate, countersigned by an authorized signatory 
of Bidder Company with the Company seal duly affixed as per Appendix „H‟.  This shall 
be handed over to Army Headquarters Computer Centre prior to commencement of the 
project. 

 
7.       Consignee Details: 

 
Commandant 
Army Headquarters Computer Centre 
Integrated HQ MoD (Army) 
`B‟ Wing Basement, Sena Bhawan 
DHQ PO, New Delhi - 110011 
Tele: 011-23019915 
Fax: 011-23015644 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page 11  
 

PART III – STANDARD CONDITIONS OF RFP 
 
 
The Bidder is required to give confirmation of their acceptance of the Standard Conditions 
of the Request for Proposal mentioned below which will automatically be considered as part 
of the Contract concluded with the successful Bidder (i.e. Bidder in the Contract) as selected 
by the Buyer. Failure to do so may result in rejection of the Bid submitted by the Bidder. 

 
 
1.       Law  The Contract shall be considered and made in accordance with the laws of 
the Republic of India. The contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with 
the laws of the Republic of India. 

 
2.       Effective Date of the Contract  Normally the contract shall come into effect on the 
date of signatures of both the parties on the contract except when some other effective date 
is mutually agreed to and specifically indicated/provided in the contract. The deliveries and 
supplies and performance of the services shall commence from the effective date of the 
contract. 

 
3.       Arbitration   All disputes or differences arising out of or in connection with the 
Contract shall be settled by bilateral discussions. Any dispute disagreement or question 
arising out of or relating to the Contract or relating to construction or performance, which 
cannot be settled amicably, may be resolved through arbitration. The arbitration is as per 
the following clauses:- 

(a)     All disputes or differences arising out of or in connection with the present 
contract including the one connected with the validity of the present contract or any 
part thereof should be settled by bilateral discussions. 
(b)   Any dispute, disagreement of question arising out of or relating to this contract or 
relating to construction or performance (except as to any matter the decision or 
determination whereof is provided for by these conditions), which cannot be settled 
amicably, shall within sixty (60) days or such longer period as may be mutually 
agreed upon, from the date on which either party informs the other in writing by a 
notice that such dispute, disagreement or question exists, will be referred to a sole 
Arbitrator. 
(c)    Within sixty (60) days of the receipt of the said notice, an arbitrator shall be 
nominated in writing by the authority agreed upon by the parties. 
(d)    The sole Arbitrator shall have its seat in New Delhi or such other place in India 
as may be mutually agreed to between the parties. 
(e)    The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted under the Indian Arbitration and 
Conciliation Act, 1996 and the award of such Arbitration Tribunal shall be 
enforceable in Indian Courts only. 
(f)     Each party shall bear its own cost of preparing and presenting its case. The 
cost of arbitration including the fees and expenses shall be shared equally by the 
parties, unless otherwise awarded by the sole arbitrator. 
(g)    The parties shall continue to perform their respective obligations under this 
contract during the pendency of the arbitration proceedings except in so far as such 
obligations are the subject matter of the said arbitration proceedings. 

 

(Note:- In the event of the parties deciding to refer the dispute/s for adjudication to 
an Arbitral Tribunal then one arbitrator each will be appointed by each party and the 
case will be referred to the Indian Council of Arbitration (ICADR) for nomination of 
the third arbitrator. The fees of the arbitrator appointed by the parties shall be borne 
by each party and the fees of the third arbitrator, if appointed, shall be equally shared 
by the buyer and Bidder. Further reference is available in MoD website and can be 
provided on request). 

 
 
 



Page 12  
 

 
4.       Penalty for use of Undue Influence.   The  Bidder  undertakes  that  he  has  not 
given, offered or promised to give, directly or indirectly, any gift, consideration, reward, 
commission, fees, brokerage or inducement to any person in service of the Buyer or 
otherwise in procuring the Contracts or forbearing to do or for having done or forborne to do 
any act in relation to the obtaining or execution of the present Contract or any other Contract 
with the Government of India for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any 
person in relation to the present Contract or any other Contract with the Government of 
India. Any breach of the aforesaid undertaking by the Bidder or any one employed by him 
or acting on his behalf (whether with or without the knowledge of the Bidder) or the 
commission of any offers by the Bidder or anyone employed by him or acting on his behalf, 
as defined in Chapter IX of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 or the Prevention of Corruption 
Act, 1986 or any other Act enacted for the prevention of corruption shall entitle the Buyer to 
cancel the contract and all or any other contracts with the Bidder and recover from the 
Bidder the amount of any loss arising from such cancellation. A decision of the Buyer or his 
nominee to the effect that a breach of the undertaking had been committed shall be final 
and binding on the Bidder. Giving or offering of any gift, bribe or inducement or any attempt 
at any such act on behalf of the Bidder towards any officer/employee of the Buyer or to any 
other person in a position to influence any officer/employee of the Buyer for showing any 
favour in relation to this or any other contract, shall render the Bidder to such liability/ penalty 
as the Buyer may deem proper, including but not limited to termination of the contract, 
imposition of penal damages, forfeiture of the Bank Guarantee and refund of the amounts 
paid by the Buyer. 

 
5.       Agents / Agency Commission: The Bidder confirms and declares to the Buyer that 
the Bidder is the original manufacturer of the stores/provider of the services referred to in 
this Contract and has not engaged any individual or firm, whether Indian or foreign 
whatsoever, to intercede, facilitate or in any way to recommend to the Government of India 
or any of its functionaries, whether officially or unofficially, to the award of the contract to 
the Bidder; nor has any amount been paid, promised or intended to be paid to any such 
individual or firm in respect of any such intercession, facilitation or recommendation. The 
Bidder agrees that if it is established at any time to the satisfaction of the Buyer that the 
present declaration is in any way incorrect or if at a later stage it is discovered by the Buyer 
that the Bidder has engaged any such individual/firm, and paid or intended to pay any 
amount, gift, reward, fees, commission or consideration to such person, party, firm or 
institution, whether before or after the signing of this contract, the Bidder will be liable to 
refund that amount to the Buyer. The Bidder will also be debarred from entering into any 
supply Contract with the Government of India for a minimum period of five years. The Buyer 
will also have a right to consider cancellation of the Contract either wholly or in part, without 
any entitlement or compensation to the Bidder who shall in such an event be liable to refund 
all payments made by the Buyer in terms of the Contract along with interest at the rate of 
2% per annum above LIBOR rate. The Buyer will also have the right to recover any such 
amount from any contracts concluded earlier with the Government of India. 
 
6.       Access to Books of Accounts.   In case it is found to the satisfaction of the Buyer 
that the Bidder has engaged an Agent or paid commission or influenced any person to 
obtain the contract as described in clauses relating to Agents/Agency Commission and 
penalty for use of undue influence, the Bidder, on a specific request of the Buyer, shall 
provide necessary information/ inspection of the relevant financial documents/information. 

 
7.       Non-disclosure of Contract Documents       Except with the written consent of 
the Buyer/ Bidder, other party shall not disclose the contract or any provision, specification, 
plan, design, pattern, sample or information thereof to any third party. 
 
 
 
 



Page 13  
 

8.       Liquidated Damages (LD).       In the event of the Bidder's failure to submit the 
Bonds, Guarantees and Documents, supply the stores/goods and conduct trials, installation 
of equipment, training, etc as specified in this contract, the Buyer may, at his discretion, 
withhold any payment until the completion of the contract. The BUYER may also deduct 
from the BIDDER as agreed, liquidated damages to the sum of 0.5% of the contract price 
of the delayed/undelivered stores/services mentioned above for every week of delay or part 
of a week, subject to the maximum value of the Liquidated Damages being not higher than 
10% of the value of delayed stores. 

 
9.     Consequential Damages.      Consequential damage will be imposed over and 
above LD, which will be 0.25 % of the Supply Order price of the undelivered stores for each 
week of delay not exceeding 5% of the Supply Order cost of the undelivered stores. 

 
10. Termination of Contract.     The Buyer shall have the right to terminate this 
Contract in part or in full in any of the following cases: - 

 
(a) The delivery of the material is delayed for causes not attributable to Force 
Majeure for more than 01 (One) months after the scheduled date of delivery. (b) The 
Bidder is declared bankrupt or becomes insolvent. 
(b) The delivery of material is delayed due to causes of Force Majeure by more 
than 02 (Two) months provided Force Majeure clause is included in contract. 
(c) The Buyer has noticed that the Bidder has utilized the services of any 
Indian/Foreign agent in getting this contract and paid any commission to such 
individual/company etc. 
(d)  As per decision of the Arbitration Tribunal. 
(e) Ban on Dealings. When the misconduct of a firm or its continued poor 
performance justifies imposition of ban on business relations with the firm, action 
shall be taken by the appropriate authority after due consideration of all factors and 
circumstances of the case and after giving due notice. 

 
11.     Notices.        Any notice required or permitted by the contract shall be written in the 
English language and may be delivered personally or may be sent by FAX or registered 
pre-paid mail/airmail, addressed to the last known address of the party to whom it is sent. 

 
12.     Transfer and Sub-letting.      The Bidder has no right to give, bargain, sell, 
assign or sublet or otherwise dispose of the Contract or any part thereof, as well as to give 
or to let a third party take benefit or advantage of the present Contract or any part thereof. 
 
13.     Patents and other Industrial Property Rights.      The   prices   stated   in   the 
present Contract shall be deemed to include all amounts payable for the use of patents, 
copyrights, registered charges, trademarks and payments for any other industrial property 
rights. The Bidder shall indemnify the Buyer against all claims from a third party at any time 
on account of the infringement of any or all the rights mentioned in the previous paragraphs, 
whether such claims arise in respect of manufacture or use. The Bidder shall be responsible 
for the completion of the supplies including spares, tools, technical literature and training 
aggregates irrespective of the fact of infringement of the supplies, irrespective of the fact of 
infringement of any or all the rights mentioned above. 

 
14.     Amendments:     No provision of present Contract shall be changed or modified in 
any way (including this provision) either in whole or in part except by an instrument in 
writing made after the date of this Contract and signed on behalf of both the parties and 
which expressly states to amend the present Contract. 
 
15.     Taxes and duties.     GST as per actuals  

 
 



Page 14  
 

PART IV - SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF TE 

 

The Bidder is required to give confirmation of their acceptance of Special Conditions 
of the TE mentioned below which will automatically be considered as part of the 
Contract concluded with the successful Bidder (i.e. Bidder in the Contract) as 
selected by the Buyer. Failure to do so may result in rejection of Bid submitted by the 
Bidder. 

 
1.        Performance Guarantee.          The   Bidder   will   be   required   to   
furnish   a Performance Guarantee by way of Bank Guarantee through a public sector 
bank or a private sector bank authorized to conduct government business (ICICI 
Bank Ltd., Axis Bank Ltd or HDFC Bank Ltd.) for a sum equal to 10% of the contract 
value within 30 days of receipt of the confirmed order. Performance Bank Guarantee 
should be valid up to 60 days beyond the date of warranty. The specimen of PBG is 
given in Form DPM-15 given in the Defence Procurement Manual (DPM) 2009 
available in MoD website. 

 
2.       Payment Terms.    It will be mandatory for the Bidders to indicate their bank 
account numbers and other relevant e-payment details so that payments could be 
made through ECS/EFT mechanism instead of payment through cheques, wherever 
feasible. A copy of the model mandate form prescribed by RBI to be submitted by 
Bidders for receiving payments through ECS is at Form DPM-11 (Available in MoD 
website and can be given on request). The payment will be made as per the following 
terms, on production of the requisite documents: 

 
(a) 50% of total project cost excluding cost of training will be paid on 
delivery of the hardware/software licenses at AHCC, New Delhi. Payment will 
be released when a certificate to this effect is issued by AHCC. 
 
(b) 30% of the total project cost excluding cost of training will be paid on 
satisfactory acceptance of the hardware and installation and integration in the 
networking environment on the existing Intranet at AHCC, New Delhi.  
Payment will be released when the ATP certificate to this effect is issued by 
AHCC. 
 
(c) 20% of the total project cost excluding the cost of training will be and 
cost of training would be paid 3 months after completion of the ATP. 
Payment will be released when a certificate to this effect is issued by AHCC. 

 
(d) Cost of training will be paid after the successful completion of all batches 
of training as given in the RFP. Bidder is required to quote a realistic cost 
of training, failing which, the bid would be rejected. Payment will be 
released when a certificate to this effect is issued by AHCC. 

 
3. Advance Payments. No advance payment(s) will be made. 

 
4.    Paying Authority.  The paying authority is Principal Controller of Defence 
Accounts (PCDA), New Delhi and all bills will be submitted to the paying authority 
through the office of Army Headquarters Computer Centre. The bills will be 
submitted with the following documents to the paying authority, as applicable:- 

 
(a)      Ink-signed copy of contingent bill / Seller‟s bill. 
 
(b)      Ink-signed copy of Commercial invoice / Seller‟s bill. 
 
(c)   Copy of Supply Order/Contract with U.O. number and date of IFA‟s 
concurrence, where required under delegation of powers. 



Page 15  
 

 
(d) Certified Receipt Vouchers (CRVs) (in duplicate).  
 
(e) Inspection note. 
 

(f)    Claim for statutory and other levies to be supported with requisite 
documents/ proof of payment such as Excise duty challan, Customs duty 
clearance certificate, Octroi receipt, proof of payment for EPF/ESIC 
contribution with nominal roll of beneficiaries, etc as applicable. 

 

(g) Relevant documents/proof of payment in support of the claim for 
statutory and other levies, such as Excise duty challan, Customs duty 
clearance certificate, Octroi receipt, proof of payment for EPF/ ESIC 
contribution with nominal roll of beneficiaries, etc, as applicable.  

 
(h) Exemption certificate for Excise duty / Customs duty, if applicable.  
 
(j) Bank guarantee for advance, if any. 
 

(k)       Guarantee / Warranty certificate. 

 
(l)       Performance Bank guarantee / Indemnity bond where applicable. 
 
(m)     DP extension letter with CFA‟s sanction, U.O. number and date of IFA‟s 
concurrence, where required under delegation of powers, indicating whether 
extension is with or without LD. 
 
(n)     Details for electronic payment viz Account holder‟s name, Bank name, 
Branch name and address, Account type, Account number, IFSC code, MICR 
code (if these details are not incorporated in supply order/contract). 
 
(o)      Any other document / certificate that may be provided for in the Supply 
Order/Contract. 
 
(p) User Acceptance. 
 
(q) Xerox copy of PBG. 
 

5.       Fall Clause.  The following Fall Clause will form part of the contract placed 
on successful Bidder: - 

 

(a)       The price charged for the stores supplied under the contract by the 
Seller shall in no event exceed the lowest prices at which the Seller sells the 
stores or offer to sell stores of identical description to any 
persons/Organization including the purchaser or any department of the 
Central government or any Department of State government or any statutory 
undertaking the Central or State government as the case may be during the 
period or till the performance of all Supply Orders placed during the currency 
of the rate contract is completed. 

 
(b)       If at any time, during the said period the Seller reduces the sale price, 
sells or offer to sell such stores to any person/organization including the 
Buyer or any Deptt, of central Govt. or any Department of the State 
Government or any Statutory undertaking of the Central or state Government 
as the case may be at a price lower than the price chargeable under the 
contract, he shall forthwith notify such reduction or sale or offer of sale to the 
Purchase/Contracting Authority and the price payable under the contract for 



Page 16  
 

the stores of such reduction of sale or offer of the sale shall stand 
correspondingly reduced. The above stipulation will, however, not apply to:-- 

 
(i)       Exports by the Bidder. 
(ii)      Sale of goods as original equipment at price lower than the 
prices charged for normal replacement. 
(iii)       Sale of goods such as drugs which have expiry dates. 
(iv)      Sale of goods at lower price on or after the date of completion 
of sale/placement of the order of goods by the authority concerned 
under the existing or previous Rate Contracts as also under any 
previous contracts entered into with the Central or State Govt. Deptt, 
including their undertakings excluding joint sector companies and/or 
private parties and bodies. 

 
(c)       The seller shall furnish the following certificate to the Paying Authority 
along with each bill for payment for supplies made against the Rate contract – 
“We certify that there has been no reduction in sale price of the stores of 
description identical to the stores supplied to the Government under the 
contract herein and such stores have not been offered/sold by me/us to any 
person/organization including the purchaser or any department of Central 
Government or any Department of a state Government or any Statutory 
Undertaking of the Central or state Government as the case may be upto the 
date of bill/the date of completion of supplies against all supply orders placed 
during the currency of the Rate Contract at price lower than the price charged 
to the government under the contract except for quantity of stores categories 
under sub-clauses (i),(ii) and (iii) of Sub-para (b) above details of which are 
given below -……”. 

 
6. Risk & Expense clause 

 
(a)       Should the stores or any installment thereof not be delivered within the 
time or times specified in the contract documents, or if defective delivery is 
made in respect of the stores or any installment thereof, the Buyer shall after 
granting the Bidder 45 days to cure the breach, be at liberty, without 
prejudice to the right to recover liquidated damages as a remedy for breach 
of contract, to declare the contract as cancelled either wholly or to the extent 
of such default. 

 
(b)       Should the stores or any installment thereof not perform in accordance 
with the specifications / parameters provided by the SELLER during the check 
proof tests to be done in the BUYER‟s country, the BUYER shall be at liberty, 
without prejudice to any other remedies for breach of contract, to cancel the 
contract wholly or to the extent of such default. 
 
(c)      In case of a material breach that was not remedied within 45 days, the 
BUYER shall, having given the right of first refusal to the SELLER be at liberty 
to purchase, manufacture, or procure from any other source as he thinks fit, 
other stores of the same or similar description to make good:- 

 
(i) Such default. 
(ii) In the event of the contract being wholly determined the balance 
of the stores remaining to be delivered there under. 

 
(d)       Any excess of the purchase price, cost of manufacturer, or value of any 
stores procured from any other supplier as the case may be, over the 
contract price appropriate to such default or balance shall be recoverable 
from the BIDDER. Such recoveries shall not exceed 20% of the value of the 
contract.” 



Page 17  
 

7. Force Majeure clause. 
 

(a)   Neither party shall bear responsibility for the complete or partial 
nonperformance of any of its obligations (except for failure to pay any sum 
which has become due on account of receipt of goods under the provisions of 
the present contract), if the non-performance results from such Force Majeure 
circumstances as Flood, Fire, Earth Quake and other acts of God as well as 
War, Military operation, blockade, Acts or Actions of State Authorities or any 
other circumstances beyond the parties control that have arisen after the 
conclusion of the present contract. 

 
(b)     In such circumstances the time stipulated for the performance of an 
obligation under the present contract is extended correspondingly for the 
period of time of action of these circumstances and their consequences. 
 
(c)     The party for which it becomes impossible to meet obligations under 
this contract due to Force Majeure conditions, is to notify in written form the 
other party of the beginning and cessation of the above circumstances 
immediately, but in any case not later than 10 (Ten) days from the moment of 
their beginning. 
 
(d)     Certificate of a Chamber of Commerce (Commerce and Industry) or 
other competent authority or organization of the respective country shall be 
a sufficient proof of commencement and cessation of the above 
circumstances. 
 
(e)     If the impossibility of complete or partial performance of an obligation 
lasts for more than 6 (six) months, either party hereto reserves the right to 
terminate the contract totally or partially upon giving prior written notice of 30 
(thirty) days to the other party of the intention to terminate without any liability 
other than reimbursement on the terms provided in the agreement for the 
goods received. 

 
8.     Local Maint Service and Engineer Support.    For the  major  component  of  
the project, it will be mandatory for the Seller/ OEM to have complete service and 
engineering support facilities within the National Capital Region (NCR). Detailed 
information as regards the level of such services and support shall be furnished duly 
authentication by OEM with the Technical Bid. The information furnished by the 
Bidder will be physically verified by the TEC, if required. In the event the service and 
support capability provided by the Bidder is found to be in deviation to as claimed or 
unacceptable in terms of capabilities to the buyer the bids of the bidder are likely to 
be rejected. 
 

9. Electronic Clearance System (ECS). ECS authorisation cum banker‟s 

certification form attached at Appendix „J‟ is required to be filled and authorised by 

the concerned bank. It is mandatory to submit ECS mandate with the Tender Enquiry. 

 

10.     Specification.    The Seller guarantees to meet the specifications as per Part-
II of RFP and to incorporate the modifications to the existing design configuration to 
meet the specific requirement of the Buyer Services as per 
modifications/requirements recommended after the Maintenance Evaluation Trials. All  

technical literature and drawings shall be amended as the modifications by the Bidder 
before supply to the Buyer. The Bidder, in consultation with the Buyer, may carry out 
technical upgradation/alterations in the design, drawings and specifications due to 
change in manufacturing procedures, indigenization or obsolescence. This will, 
however, not in any way, adversely affect the end specifications of the equipment. 



Page 18  
 

Changes in technical details, drawings repair and maintenance techniques alongwith 
necessary tools as a result of upgradation/alterations will be provided to the Buyer free 
of cost within 30 days of affecting such upgradation/alterations. 
 

11.     OEM Certificate.  Following will be provided by the bidder failing which the 
bid will tend to be rejected:- 
 

(a)      All bidders who are not OEMs of the equipment they are offering, 
shall produce ink signed certificates from the respective OEMs, giving 
reference of this Tender Enquiry, authorizing the bidder to offer their 
equipment and a commitment to provide maintenance support during the 
warranty period and during the period of the AMC (if entered into with the 
bidder by the buyer). An arrangement for exercising such support with the 
OEM as part of the entire three year warranty period will be worked out by 
the Bidder and proof in writing for the same in the form of the OEM certificate 
shall be provided within 30 days of placement of the supply order. This shall 
apply to for all the equipment. Failure to render such proof in writing in the 
non- processing of the payments as per the payment schedule and or 
cancellation of the supply order. 
 
(b)      OEM certificate stating that in case the authorized dealer/ distributor 
fails to repair/ maintenance the equipment during the warranty/ AMC, the 
responsibility for maintenance of the equipment provided would then be taken 
over by the OEM. 
 
(c)      The complete contact details of the OEM (Name and designation of 
contact person, postal address, e mail ID and telephone & FAX numbers) will 
be furnished and the buyer may at his discretion verify the authorization from 
the OEM, failure of which may result in the bidder being black listed and / or 
barred from participating for any future tender of this Headquarters. 

 
12.     Export License.     The Bidders are to confirm  that they have  requisite  
export license from their Government and Authorization from the manufacturing plant, 
in case they are not the OEM, to export the military / non-military goods to India. 

 
13.     Quality & Earliest Acceptable Year of Manufacture.           The   quality   of   
the stores delivered according to the present supply order shall correspond to the 
technical conditions and standards valid for the deliveries of the same stores for in 
Bidder‟s country or specifications enumerated as per RFP. The Seller confirms that 
the stores to be supplied under this supply order shall be new i.e. not manufactured 
before year of supply order, and shall incorporate all the latest improvements and 
modifications thereto and spares of improved and modified equipment are backward 
integrated and interchangeable with same equipment supplied by the Bidder in the 
past if any. The Bidder shall supply an interchangeability certificate along with the 
changed part numbers wherein it should be mentioned that item would provide as 
much life as the original item. 
 

14. Transportation. The transportation of all the items as per the RFP will 
done on site at locations of CDC and NLDC at Sena Bhawan, New Delhi and DR 
Site at Pune, will be the responsibility of the successful bidder. All the expenses to 
ship/ shift the equipment to the requisite locations will be borne by the vendor and 
approval from the user will be taken prior to shifting of any equipment from the user 
premises.   
 

15. Packing and Marking The following packing and Marking clause will form 
part of the contract placed on successful Bidder: - 
 

(a) The Seller shall provide packing preservation of the equipment and 
spares/ goods contracted so as to ensure their safety against damage in the 



Page 19  
 

conditions of land, sea and air transportation, transshipment, storage handling.   
(b) The packing of the equipment and spares/ goods shall conform to the 
requirements of specifications and standards in force in the territory of the 
Seller‟s country. 
 
(c) Each spare, tool and accessory shall be packed in separate cartons.  A 
label in English shall be pasted in the carton indicating the under mentioned 
details of the items contained in the carton.   
 (i) Part Number: 
 (ii) Nomenclature: 
 (iii) Quantity contracted  
 
(d) Should any special equipment be returned to the Seller by the Buyer, 
the latter shall provide normal packing, which protects the equipment and 
spares/ goods from the damage to deterioration during transportation by land, 
air or sea.  In this case the Buyer shall finalize the marking with the Seller.
   

16.     Quality Assurance.          After the Supply Order is finalized, the Seller 
would be required to provide the Standard Acceptance Test Procedure (ATP). 
Buyer reserves the right to modify the ATP. Seller would be required to provide all test 
facilities at his premises/ on site for acceptance and inspection by Buyer.  All the  
items should be of the latest manufacture, conforming to the current production 
standard and having 100% defined life at the time of delivery. 
 
17. Inspection Authority The Inspection will be carried out by a board of 
officers detailed by the competent authority for the same. 
 
18. Joint Receipt Inspection      A joint inspection will be carried out by the board 
so detailed for the purpose, representative of the SI and representative of the OEM, 
both suitably qualified to conduct the inspection. Only after a successful inspection, 
would the board detailed for the same will be deemed completed. Any damage to 
equipment or items during the course of inspections will be the responsibility of the 
bidder/ seller.  
 
19.     Claims         The following Claims clause will form part of the contract 
placed on successful bidder. 

(a)     The claims may be presented either: (a) on quantity of the stores, 
where the quantity does not correspond to the quantity shown in the Packing 
List/Insufficiency in packing, or (b) on quality of the stores, where quality does 
not correspond to the quality mentioned in the contract. 
(b)     The quantity claims for deficiency of quantity shall be presented within 
45 days of completion of JRI and acceptance of goods. The quantity claim 
shall be submitted to the Bidder as per Form DPM-22 (available in MoD 
website and can be given on request). 
(c)      The quality claims for defects or deficiencies in quality noticed during 
the JRI shall be presented within 45 days of completion of JRI and 
acceptance of goods. Quality claims shall be presented for defects or 
deficiencies in quality noticed during warranty period earliest but not later than 
45 days after expiry of the guarantee period. The quality claims shall be 
submitted to the Bidder as per Form DPM-23 (available in MoD website and 
can be given on request). 
(d)     The description and quantity of the stores are to be furnished to the 
Bidder along with concrete reasons for making the claims. Copies of all the 
justifying documents shall be enclosed to the presented claim. The Bidder will 
settle the claims within 45 days from the date of the receipt of the claim at the 
Bidder‟s office, subject to acceptance of the claim by the Bidder. In case no 
response is received during this period the claim will be deemed to have been 



Page 20  
 

accepted. 
(e)     The Bidder shall collect the defective or rejected goods from the 
location nominated by the Buyer and deliver the repaired or replaced 
goods at the same location under Bidder‟s arrangement. 
(f)      Claims may also be settled by reduction of cost of goods under claim 
from bonds submitted by the Bidder or payment of claim amount by Bidder 
through demand draft drawn on an Indian Bank, in favour of Principal 
Controller of Defence Accounts concerned. 
(g)    The quality claims will be raised solely by the Buyer and without any 
certification/countersignature by the Bidder‟s representative stationed in India. 

 

20.     Franking clause. The following Franking clause will form part of the contract 
placed on successful Bidder: – 

 

(a) Franking Clause in the case of Acceptance of Goods.  “The fact  
that the goods have been inspected after the delivery period and passed by 
the Inspecting Officer will not have the effect of keeping the contract alive. 
The goods are being passed without prejudice to the rights of the Buyer under 
the terms and conditions of the contract”. 

 

(b)    Franking Clause in the case of Rejection of Goods. “The fact that 
the goods have been inspected after the delivery period and rejected by the 
Inspecting Officer will not bind the Buyer in any manner. The goods are being 
rejected without prejudice to the rights of the Buyer under the terms and 
conditions of the contract.” 
 

21.   Warranty and System Maintenance.     The bidder will give reliability 
guarantee for the complete system. The items supplied against the contract shall 
be under an onsite warranty against defective design, material, workmanship, 
performance for a period of 36 months from the date of completion of ATP which 
will be free of cost. During warranty period, maintenance of all stores including 
replacement and repair/fault rectification shall be undertaken by the Bidder, who will 
be responsible for the maintenance/preventive maintenance of the complete system. 
Bug fixes of the firmware along with free upgrade releases will be provided onsite by 
the bidder. The broad support which will be provided by the bidder during the 
warranty period will include:- 
 

(a)   The goods supplied under the contract conform to technical 
specifications prescribed and shall perform according to the said technical 
specifications. 
 

(b)    The Bidder warrants for a period of three years from the date of 
acceptance of stores by Joint Receipt Inspection or date of installation and 
commissioning, whichever is later, that the goods/stores supplied under the 
contract and each component used in the manufacture thereof shall be free 
from all types of defects/failures. 
 

(c)      P e n a l t y  C l a u s e    If within the period of warranty, the goods are 
reported by the Buyer have failed to perform as per the specifications, the 
Bidder shall either replace or rectify the same free of charge, on notification of 
such defect received by the Bidder, provided that the goods are used and 
maintained by the Buyer as per instructions contained in the Operating 
Manual. The replacement/ rectification shall be carried out within a time frame 
such that serviceability of 99% is maintained at all times. Warranty of the 
equipment would be extended by such duration of downtime. Record of the 
down time would be maintained by the user in the logbook. Spares required 
for warranty repairs shall be provided free of cost by the Bidder. The Bidder 
should also diagnose, test, adjust, calibrate and repair/replace the 
goods/equipment arising due to accidents by neglect or damage due to 
transportation of the goods during the warranty period, at the cost mutually 



Page 21  
 

agreed to between the Buyer and the Bidder. 
 

(d)      Serviceability of 99% per year is to be ensured. Required spares to 
attain this serviceability may be stored at site by the Bidder at his own cost. 
Total down time would be calculated at the end of the year. If downtime 
exceeds permitted downtime, LD would be applicable for the delayed period. 
If the system is down beyond permitted period, penalty at the rate of 0.5% 
of the cost of the faulty system will be charged per day.  This is applicable for 
sub sys/system whose failure will not entail failure of entire system.  The rate 
of LD for major failure resulting in non availability of CA services will be 5% 
per day.  The above LD will be recovered from the Bank Guarantee.  These 
deductions will be over and above the extension of warranty period as given at para 
21 (c) above. In case of any system/sub system being down for more than 
seven working days, user has the option to get it repaired from any suitable 
agency at the risk and cost of Bidder, which will be deducted from the Bank 
Guarantee due to Bidder 
 

(e)      The Bidder shall associate technical personnel of the Maintenance 
agency and Quality Assurance Agency of the Buyer during warranty repair 
and shall also provide the details of complete defects, reasons and remedial 
actions for defects. 
 

(f)       Any system failing at subsystem level three times within a period of 
three months or displaying chronic faulty behavior or manufacturing defects or 
quality control problems, will be totally replaced by the Bidder at his risk and 
cost within 30 days of being intimated. 
 

(g) Analysis and bug fixing for application software when notified.  
 

(h)       Provision of free patches/updates and upgrades for software. 
 

(j)      Free replacement of all hardware, networking components and other 
equipment supplied by the bidder, in case of crash/faulty equipment. No faulty 
hard disks or any kind of storage device will be returned due to security 
reasons. 
 

(k)      The bidder shall provide onsite L2 level O E M  c e r t i f i e d  engineer 
support on call within six hrs for the complete three years warranty duration 
with under mentioned qualifications: - 

 
(i) Should be Engineer by background with adequate skill sets in 
handling all hardware and software offered in the bid. 
(ii)     Should be certified for offered product from OEM/ OSM. If 
required, Qualification certificates can be called for inspection by the 
Buyers Project Officer. 
(iii) Should have at least 2 years work experience in similar 
environment.  
(iv) Restoring the system in the event of crash. 
(v)     Monthly onsite visit by engineer to check the following:- 

 

(aa) System logs and carry out necessary configuration if any. 
(ab) Performance of system in terms of memory utilization, 
CPU utilization, etc. 
(ac) Vulnerabilities in the OS.  
(ad) System backup. 
 

(l)     The system will be considered down except the following:- 

 
(i) Power failure, not attributable to system provided by the Bidder.  
(ii) Media failure. 
(iii)      System down for maintenance. 



Page 22  
 

 
22. Product Support.  The successful Bidder will provide following product 
support. 
 

(a)   The Bidder agrees to provide Product Support for the stores, 
assemblies/subassemblies, fitment items and consumables, for a maximum 
period of seven (07) years including three (03) years of warranty period after 
the delivery of stores. 

 
(b)     The Bidder agrees to undertake Maintenance Contract for a minimum 
period of four (04) years, extendable till the complete Engineering Support 
Package is provided by the Bidder after completion of three years of warranty 
period. 
 
(c)      In the event of any obsolescence during the above mentioned 
period of product support in respect of any component or sub-system, 
mutual consultation between the Bidder and Buyer will be undertaken to 
arrive at an acceptable solution including additional cost, if any. 
 
(d)     Any improvement/modification/ upgradation being undertaken by the 
Bidder or their sub suppliers on the stores/equipment being purchased under 
the Contract will be communicated by the Bidder to the Buyer and, if required 
by the Buyer, these will be carried out by the Bidder at Buyer's cost. 
 

(e)     The BIDDER agrees to undertake the repair and maintenance of the 
equipment, test set up, assemblies/sub-assemblies and stores supplied 
under this contract for a period of four (04) years as maintenance contract as 
specified or provision of complete Engineering Support Package to the Buyer 
whichever is later, as per terms and conditions mutually agreed between the 
Bidder and the Buyer. 

 
 



Page 23  
 

PART V - EVALUATION CRITERIA & PRICE BID ISSUES 
 
 
 
1. Evaluation Criteria. The broad guidelines for evaluation of Bids will be as 
follows:- 

(a)    Only those Bids will be evaluated which are found to be fulfilling all the 
eligibility and qualifying requirements of the RFP, both technically and commercially. 
(b)    The technical Bids forwarded by the Bidders will be evaluated by the Buyer with 
reference to the technical characteristics of the equipment as mentioned in the RFP. 
The compliance of Technical Bids would be determined on the basis of the 
parameters specified in the RFP. The Price Bids of only those Bidders will be opened 
whose Technical Bids would clear the technical evaluation. 
(c)     The Lowest Bid will be decided upon the lowest price quoted by the particular 
Bidder as per the Price Format given at BOQ. 

 
2. Consideration of Duties and Taxes in the Evaluation Process.  The bidders are  
required to spell out the GST as per actuals. 
 
3.       If there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by 
multiplying the unit price and quantity, the unit price will prevail and the total price will be 
corrected. If there is a discrepancy between words and figures, the amount in words will 
prevail for calculation of price. 
 
4.        The Lowest Acceptable Bid will be considered further for placement of contract / 
Supply Order after complete clarification and price negotiations as decided by the Buyer. 

The Buyer will have the right to award contracts to different Bidders for being lowest in 

particular items. The Buyer also reserves the right to do Apportionment of Quantity, if it 

is convinced that Lowest Bidder is not in a position to supply full quantity in stipulated 

time. 

 

5.        The L1 Bidder will be decided on the total basic cost excl taxes. 

 

         

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page 24  
 

Appendix A 

(Ref Para 2(a) (ii) of Part I to Tender 

No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for Indian 

Army/TAG Projects/58 dt 11 Oct 2018) 

 

TENDER CONDITIONS ACCEPTANCE LETTER 

(To be given on Company Letter Head) 

Date: 

To, 

______________________ 

______________________ 

 

SUB: ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS & CONDITIONS OF TENDER. 

 

Tender Reference No: ________________________ 

Name of Tender/Work: - 

_______________________________________________________ 

_______________________________________________________ 

Dear Sir, 
 

1.  I/We have downloaded/obtained the tender document(s) for the above mentioned 

“Tender/Work_ from the web site(s) namely:- 

_________________________________________________________________________ 

_________________________________________________________________as per your 

advertisement, given in the above mentioned website(s). 

 

2.  I/ We hereby certify that I / we have read entire terms and conditions of the tender 

documents from Page No. _______ to ______(including all documents like annexure(s), 

schedule(s), etc.), which form part of the contract agreement and I/we shall abide hereby the 

terms /conditions/clauses contained therein. 

 

3.  The corrigendum(s) issued from time to time by your department/ organisations too 

have also been taken into consideration, while submitting this acceptance letter. 

 

4.  I / We hereby unconditionally accept the tender conditions of above mentioned tender 

document(s) / corrigendum(s) in its totality / entirety. 

 

5.  The Tech Bid and its enclosures as submitted in physical form as mentioned in para 2 

of part I of TE is the true copy of the documents uploaded on the Central Public Procurement 

Portal (https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app). 

 

6.  In case any provisions of this tender are found violated ,your department/ organisation 

shall be at liberty to reject this tender/bid including the forfeiture of the full said Earnest Money 

Deposit absolutely and we shall not have any claim/right against dept in satisfaction of this 

condition. 
 

7. The Technical and Commercial Bids are valid upto    
(Fill date a minimum of 180 days from the opening of Tender Box). 

 

       Yours Faithfully,    

       (Signature of the Bidder, with Official Seal) 

https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app


Page 25  
 

               

Appendix B  (Ref Para 2 (b) (ii) (ab) to 

Tender No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for 

Indian Army/TAG Projects/58  

dt 11 Oct 2018) 

 

 

ADDITIONAL CHARGES/DISCOUNTS 

 

 It is hereby certified that no Additional Charges Levied or Any Discounts Offered from 

the prices quoted in the enclosed BOQ, which will have financial implication on the bid value 

quoted by me.   

 

OR 

 

The following additional Charged Levied / Discounts Offered over and above the prices 

quoted in the BOQ which will have financial implication on the bid value quoted by me 

 

(i) 

(ii) 

(ii) 

          Signed by: 

 

Date:           Official stamp: 

 

Notes:- 

 

1.  Please strike out whichever is not applicable. 

2.  The certificate will be signed by the owner of the firm or any person auth to do so on 

behalf of the owner. 

 

 

 

 

 



Page 26  
 

Appendix C (Ref Para 6 (d) of Part I to 

Tender No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for 

Indian Army/TAG Projects/58  

dt  11 Oct 2018) 

INSTRUCTIONS TO THE BIDDERS 

 

 Instructions for Online Bid Submission Instructions to the Bidders to submit the bids 

online through the Central Public Procurement Portal for e-Procurement at 

https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app are as follows:- 

 

1. Possession of valid Digital Signature Certificate (DSC) and enrolment/registration of the 
contractors/bidders on the e-procurement/e-tender portal is a prerequisite for e-tendering. 

 

2. Bidder should do the enrolment in the e-Procurement site using the “Click here to 
Enroll” option available on the home page. Portal enrolment is generally free of charge. During 
enrolment/registration, the bidders should provide the correct/true information including valid 
email_id. All the correspondence shall be made directly with the contractors/bidders through 
email_id provided. 

 

3.  Bidder need to login to the site through their user ID/ password chosen during 

enrolment / registration. 

 

4.  Then the Digital Signature Certificate (Class II or Class III Certificates with signing key 

usage) issued by SIFY/ TCS/ nCode/ eMudra or any Certifying Authority recognized by CCA 

India on eToken/ Smart Card, should be registered. 

 

5.  The DSC that is registered only should be used by the bidder and should ensure safety 

of the same. 

 
6.  Bidder logs in to the site through the secured log in by giving the user id/ password 

chosen during enrolment/registration and then by giving the password of the eToken/ 

Smartcard to access DSC. 

 
7.  In case of limited tender the regd dealers/ the bidders invited to participate in the tender 

will receive a notification through e-mail wrt to tender and after log in the bidder selects the 

tender and moves it to “my tenders_. In case of open tenders the bidder selects the tender 

which he/she is interested in by using the search option & then moves it to the “my tenders” 

folder. 

 
8.  From my tender folder, the bidder selects the tender to view all the details indicated. 

 
9.  After downloading / getting the tender document/schedules, the Bidder should go 

through them carefully and then submit the documents as asked, otherwise bid will be 

rejected. 

 
10.  If there are any clarifications, this may be obtained online through the tender site, or 

through the contact details or during the pre -bid meeting if any or during the pre -bid meeting 

if any. 

 
11.  Bidder should take into account the corrigendum published before submitting the bids 

online. 



Page 27  
 

 

12.  It is construed that the bidder has read all the terms and conditions before submitting 

their offer. Bidder should go through the tender schedules carefully and upload the documents 

as asked; otherwise, the bid will be rejected. 

 

13.  The Bidders can update well in advance, the documents such as certificates, annual 

report details etc., under My Space option and these can be selected as per tender 

requirements and then sent along with bid documents during bid submission. This will 

facilitate the bid submission process faster by reducing upload time of bids. 

 

14.  Bidder, in advance, should get the bid documents ready to be submitted as indicated 

in the tender document/schedule and generally, they can be in PDF/xls/rar/zip/dwf formats. If 

there is more than one document, they can be clubbed together and can be provided in the 

requested format. Each document to be uploaded online for the tenders should be less than 2 

MB. If any document is more than 2MB, it can be reduced through zip/rar and the same can 

be uploaded, if permitted. Bidders Bid documents may be scanned with 100 dpi with black and 

white option. However of the file size is less than 1 MB the transaction uploading time will be 

very fast. 

 

15.  Bidder should submit the Tender Fee/ EMD as specified in the tender. The original 

should be posted/couriered/given in person to the Tender Inviting Authority, within the bid 

submission due date & time for the tender. Scanned copy of the instrument should be 

uploaded as part of the offer. 

 

16.   While submitting the bids online, the bidder must read the terms & conditions and 

accept the same to proceed further to submit the bid packets. 

 

17.  The bidder has to select the payment option as offline to pay the Tender FEE/ EMD as 

applicable and enter details of the instruments. 

 

18.  The details of the DD/any other accepted instrument, physically sent, should tally with 

the details available in the scanned copy and the data entered during bid submission time. 

The submitted bid will not be acceptable if otherwise. 

 

19. The bidder has to digitally sign and upload the required bid documents one by one as 

indicated. Bidders must note that the very act of using DSC for downloading the bids and 

uploading their offers shall be deemed to be a confirmation that they have read all sections 

and pages of the bid document including General conditions of contract without any exception 

and have understood the entire document and are clear about the requirements of the tender 

requirements. 

 

20.  The bidder has to upload the relevant files required as indicated in the cover content. In 

case of any irrelevant files, the bid will be rejected. The tech bid acceptance will be subject 

to physical receipt of specified docu at the time of tech bid opening. Further, the TIA 

will not be held responsible for any sort of delay or the difficulties faced during the 

submission of bids physically by the bidders under any circumstances whatsoever. 

 

 

 

 



Page 28  
 

21.  If the price bid format is  provided  in a  spread  sheet file like BOQ_40926.xls, the rates 

offered should be entered in the allotted  space  only and  uploaded  after  filling  the  relevant 

columns. The Price Bid/BOQ template must not be modified/replaced by the bidder; else the 

bid submitted is liable to be rejected for this tender. 

 

22.  The bidders are requested to submit the bids through online e-tendering system to the 

Tender Inviting Authority (TIA) well before the bid submission end date & time (as per Server 

System Clock). The TIA will not be held responsible for any sort of delay or the difficulties 

faced during the submission of bids online by the bidders at the eleventh hour. 

 

23.  After the bid submission (i.e. after Clicking “Freeze Bid Submission” in the portal), the 

acknowledgement number, given by the system should be printed by the bidder and kept as a 

record of evidence for online submission of bid for the particular tender and will also act as an 

entry  pass to participate in the bid opening date. 

 

24.  The time settings fixed in the server side & displayed at the top of the tender site, will 

be valid for all actions of requesting, bid submission, bid opening etc., in the e-tender system. 

The bidders should follow this time during bid submission. 

 

25.  All the data being entered by the bidders would be encrypted using PKI encryption 

techniques to ensure the secrecy of the data. The data entered will not viewable by 

unauthorised persons during bid submission & not be viewable by any one until the time of bid 

opening. 

 

26.  Any bid document that is uploaded to the server is subjected to s ymmetric encryption 

using a system generated symmetric key. Further this key is subjected to asymmetric 

encryption using buyers or the procurement officer opener‟s public keys. Overall, the uploaded 

tender documents become readable only after the tender opening by the authorised bid 

openers. 

 

27.  The confidentiality of the  bids is  maintained  since the  secured  Socket  Layer 128 bit 

encryption technology is used. Data storage encryption of sensitive fields is done. 

 

28.   The bidder should logout of the tendering system using the normal logout option 

available at the top right hand corner and not by selecting the (X) exit option in the browser. 

 

29.  For any queries regarding e-tendering process, the bidders are requested to contact 

TIA as provided in the tender document. The bidders for any further queries can also to 

contact over phone: 1-800-233-7315 or send a mail over to – cppp-nic@nic.in. 

 

30. All the pages of Technical  Bid and  unfilled  commercial  should  have been duly signed 

by the bidder/auth rep and hard copy will be submitted in the office of TIA. 

 

31.  The undertaking to the effect that the terms and conditions stipulated in the tender docu 

are acceptable by the auth signatory of the bidders Regd firm will have to be submitted. The 

subject undertaking on a forwarding letter shall be uploaded on CPP portal during bidding by 

the bidders. 

 

Note :- Rate to be quoted online by bidder in BOQ Excel Sheet only. 

 



Page 29  
 

 

Appendix D 
(Refer to Para 2 (a) to Tender 
No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for 
Indian Army/TAG Projects/58 dt        
11 Oct 2018) 

 
TECHNICAL BID 

 
 

MUST MENTION COMPLIED & INCLUDED (CI) OR NOT COMPLIED (NC) 
 

QUALITATIVE REQUIREMENT FOR INSTALLATION OF CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY 
FOR INDIAN ARMY AT ARMY HEADQUARTER COMPUTER CENTRE 

 
Ser 
No 

Nomenclature Compliance 
Yes/No  

Remarks 

1.       Digital Certificate Lifecycle Management Solution 
(Minimum Specifications) 

  

(a) Platform support   

(i) Solution Software must support Windows Server 2012/ 2016 
or higher or Red Hat Linux Enterprise 7 or higher. 

  

(ii) Solution Software must support MS SQL 2012 or Oracle 11g 
or any underlying RDBMS. 

  

(iii) Solution must support LDAP v3 directories, if user data is 
stored in an X.500 directory. 

  

(iv) A High Availability configuration should be supported with 
redundancy throughout the server systems. 

  

(v) The solution must be properly scalable up to 2 million of 
users. 

  

(vi) There should be a mechanism for monitoring, such as 
SNMPv3/ Syslog.  

  

(vii) Each component should create error logs with configurable 
log level and a well-defined syntax. 

  

(b) CA features   

(i) It should be possible to run any number of CAs in any 
hierarchy in the same system. The CAs should possibly have 
different CA policies. 

  

(ii) It should be possible to assign registration officers to 
individual CAs or user domains and visibility/ usabillity of 
user data should be limited to assigned CA or user domain. 

 

  

(iii) The CA should be able to publish CRLs and certificates in 
any number of distribution points using LDAP/HTTPS 
protocol. The publication address must be configurable for 
each CA. 

  

(iv) CRLs should be supported with configurable format, issuing 
period etc. Mechanism should be in place for publishing 
revoked certificates on real time basis/ occurrence. 

 

  



Page 30  
 

(v) OCSP should be supported with “immediate” revocation 
information, i.e. revocation information should be available 
without latency. 

  

(vi) End entity certification according to individual policies.   

(vii) Signature algorithms: RSA, RSASSA-PSS and ECDSA 
should be supported with SHA-2 of 256, 384 and 512. Key 
algorithms should be supported with key lengths as SHA-1, 
SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384, and SHA-512  

  

(viii
) 

Key Algorithms: DSA, ECDSA, RSA and RSASSA-PSS.   

(ix) End entity key management: It should be possible to encrypt, 
archive and recover end entity private keys (typically 
encryption keys). 

  

(x) Support of multiple HSMs (over PKCS#11 or JCE) for storing 
CA private keys and all other system keys. 

  

(c) CA management   

(i) The product must offer centralized, secure management of 
CAs, policies and configuration data with GUI support. 

  

(ii) CA key management, Root-CA and Sub-CA certification, CA 
policy management: It should be possible to manage any 
number of CAs in any hierarchy in the same system. The 
CAs should possibly have different CA policies 

  

(iii) It should be possible to define the CA policies with high 
granularity: certificate and CRL formats and contents, 
validity, revocation services (OCSP an d/or CRL and/or 
deltaCRL, distribution point address), algorithms. 

  

(iv)  It should be possible to define an individual policy for each 
CA. 

  

(v) Cross certification should be supported in both directions: 
internal CA to certify external CA and vice versa in PKCS#10 
procedures. 

  

(vi) Policies for end entity certification (validity, certificate formats 
and contents, algorithms etc.) should be defined with high 
granularity for maximal flexibility. It should be possible to add 
private extensions. 

  

(d) Certificate management interfaces   

(i) SCEP should be supported. Only authorized (registered) 
SCEP devices should be granted with a certificate. Renewal 
over SCEP should be possible without an additional 
registration. It should be possible to run different SCEP 
services for different CAs. 

  

(ii) CMP should be supported – System should support 
certificate enrolment part of Certificate Management Protocol 
(CMP) v2.  

  

(iii) There should be a powerful API (preferably Web Services 
protocol) that supports certification, revocation for any end 
entity as well as to retrieve user and certificate information. 
The API should be access controlled. 

 

  



Page 31  
 

(e) Certificate and (Credential Management)   

(i) The system must support storing keys and certificates on 
smart cards, smart USB token, in PKCS#12 files and import 
them into the Windows certificate store of the end user 
device. 

  

(ii) The system must support generating certificates based on 
PKCS#10 requests. 

  

(iii) The system must support delegated certificate issuing, 
revocation, renewal, temporary replacement, permanent 
replacement. 

  

(iv) Smart card and token products of leading OEMs/ Vendor 
must be supported and lock-in must be prevented by multi-
card/ token support 

  

(v) The system must support end-user self-service functions for 
credential management tasks that can be performed by end 
users: issuing, revocation, renewal, replacement as 
reasonable for different credential types. 

  

(vi) During certification and smart card/ token issuing, it must be 
possible search and retrieve user data from one or more 
LDAP type of directories. 

  

(vii) Delegated credential management and end-user self-
services should be supported over a web based GUI.  

  

(viii
) 

It should be possible to notify users (managers and end 
users) about tasks they should do due to various events, like 
if their certificates are about to expire, they receive new 
credentials, etc. If applicable, notifications should include an 
URL to visit the appropriate service resource. Notifications 
should be optionally repeated until the user does not perform 
the required action or the time period for acting expires. 

  

(ix) There should be alternative authentication methods to log in 
to the delegated management system in case of emergency 
(card not available, expired, PIN forgotten etc.) The services 
that can be used must be configurable according to the 
assurance level of authentication. 

  

(x) The input fields displayed in the Registration Authority client 
should be configurable so that selecting a different Token/ 
card procedure can change the fields displayed and/or the 
look of the input fields panel. 

  

(f) Security   

(i) With GUI support, it should be possible to define roles with 
various permissions (CA management, end entity 
management, audit, registration, publication, revocation, key 
recovery, etc.) and assign users to role. 

  

(ii) Access to data and services should be controlled according 
to the roles. 

  

(iii) Users are required to authenticate with certificate-based 
strong two-factor authentication. 

  

(iv) All relevant user actions (e.g. registration, certification, 
revocation etc.) should be logged in a digitally signed 
revision safe audit trail (transaction log), which is audit-able. 
Relevant actions require commitment signatures of the 
user(s). Critical actions (e.g. CA management) require 
commitment signatures of more than one officer. 

  



Page 32  
 

(v) The CA security architecture must underlie a successful 
security evaluation (like Common Criteria) or the Digital 
Certificate Lifecycle Management Solution should have 
undergone third party penetration testing/ ethical hacking 
tests and proof of audit certificate should be produced. 

  

(vi) System credentials should be confidentiality and integrity 
protected. 

  

(vii) System configuration should be integrity protected.   

(viii
) 

All sensitive tasks should require 4-eyes-principle   

(g) Scalability and Reliability   

(i) Should be scalable to atleast 50 of hosted CA with support to 
multiple concurrent HSMs 

  

(ii) Should support Production rate of atleast 15-20 certificate 
requests per second for RSA 2048 bit keys. 

  

(iii) Should support Active-Active or Active-Passive type of high 
availability ensuring sub components that can be multiplied 
to match performance and fault tolerance needs. 

  

(iv) Should allow distributing Certificate Management services 
(certificate issuing, CRL generation, LDAP distribution, DB) 
to different physical/logical servers for greater scalability 

  

(h) Interoperability   

(i) Support for all relevant PKIX standards PKCS #1, #5, #7, #8, 
#9, #12, #15 

  

(ii) Support for different certificate profiles based on X.509 
Public Key Certificates. 

  

(iii) Support Cross certification and CA hierarchies with all major 
CA vendors and service providers. 

  

(iv) SDK to customize certificate enrolment, certificate 
revocation, to fit army data network environment. 

  

(j) Interfaces   

(i) Web Services - Common interface (SOAP) to enable easy 
integration 

  

(ii) SDK - client API with Registration, authorisation, all 
registration functions should be available 

  

(iii) SCEP - Simple Certificate Enrolment Protocol for network 
devices (Router, VPN, firewall, security gateway etc) 

  

(iv) Certificate Management Protocol support for both Initial 
enrollment request and update requests for certificate 
renewal. 

  

(v) API: Plug-In interface for Registration Authority client   

2.      OCSP Specification 

(a) INDIAN ARMY CA shall support an OCSP capability using 
the GET or the POST method for DSC issued 

  

(b) INDIAN ARMY CA SHALL operate OCSP capability to 
provide a response time of ten seconds or less under normal 
operating conditions 

  

(c) OCSP responses MUST be signed by an OCSP Responder 
whose Certificate is signed by the CA or its sub CA that 
issued the Certificate whose revocation status is being 
checked 

  

(d) OCSP responder certificate and subscriber certificates shall 
comply with latest version of interoperability Guidelines for 
Digital Signature Certificates issued under Information 
Technology Act 

  



Page 33  
 

3. Time Stamping Server   

(a) Indian Army is required to operate Time Stamping Services 
as per CCA guidelines.  

  

(b) The CA shall not issue a Time stamping certificate other than 
for its own time stamping service. 

  

(c) Time stamp tokens shall be in compliance with RFC 3161.   

(d) The time values the Time Stamping services used in the 
time-stamp token shall be traceable to a Standard Time 
Source in India 

  

(e) Audit log files shall be generated for all events relating to the 
security of the Time Stamping services.  

  

4. Hardware Security Module   
(a) Should have support for Windows, Linux, Virtual: VMware, 

Hyper- V etc. 
  

(b) Should support TCP/IP interfaces   

(c) Should comply to standards like FIPS 140-2 Level-3 and/or 
ISO/IEC 19790:2012 Level 3, CC EAL4+ etc 

  

(d) Keys should be secured by HSM at all times. OnBoard Key 
Generation. Almost unlimited Keys should be protected by 
HSM in accordance to FIPS Level3 

  

(e) Compatibility should be PKCS#11, CAPI, OpenSSL, 
JCE/JCA. 
 

  

(f) Algorithm Support: 

Asymmetric: RSA (1024-8192), DSA (1024-3072), Diffie-
Hellman, Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECDSA or ECDH or 
ECIES) with named, user-defined and Brainpool curves 
Symmetric: AES, CAST, DES, Triple DES, ARIA, SEED 
Hash/Message Digest/HMAC: SHA-1, SHA-2 (224-512), 

  

(g) Published API for various above functionalities for integrating 
with the Application software 

  

(h) Contents should be securely stored on Backup 
Tokens/Smart Cards to simplify backup, cloning, and 
disaster recovery or contents should be securely stored in 
encrypted files with key split/ split forms to simplify backup, 
cloning and disaster recovery. 

  

(j) On board Crypto Algorithm for support of RSA up to 2048 bit 
keys, DES, 3DES and ECC curves (as per CCA guidelines) 

  

(k) 24x7 telephone/email OEM support (or through certified 
partners) infrastructure based out of India 

  

5. USB Tokens   
(a) Support for 32 and 64 bits machines.   

(b) Minimum 64Kb secure memory for storing multiple digital 
signature Certificates 

  

(c) On board Crypto Algorithm for support of RSA up to 2048 bit 
keys, DES, 3DES and ECC curves (as per CCA guidelines). 

  

(d) Hash  Algorithm support for minimum SHA-256   

(e) Middleware Support for PKCS#11 v2.01, v2.11, X.509 v3 
certificate storage 

  

(f) FIPS 140-2 Level 2/3 Security Certification   

(g) Common Criteria CC 4/4+ or above for chip   

(h) True Random Number Generator (TRNG) as per NIST SP 
800 or ANSI X9.31 PRNG 

  



Page 34  
 

(j) OS should support standard platforms like Java 3.0/Higher or 
.NET or Sun Solaris 

  

(k) Compliance to PC/SC and USB 2.0 (CCID1.0 compatible).   

(l) No method to extract, view and access the private key   

(m) Hard tamper-proof body as one unit   

(n) USB token attached with a key ring based plastic dog-tag   

(o) A unique Serial Number should be pre-printed/engraved on it   

(p) Memory data retention should be at least 05 years   

(q) All executables related to crypto operation should be on 
ROM only 

  

(r) Single unit Packaging containing Crypto USB Token, 
middleware/driver CD and dog-tag should be provided 

  

(s) SDK and API should be made available with User Guide   

6. Server Specifications (Minimum Required, Bidder to 
propose as per the solution). 

  

(a) Servers for Sub CA should support virtualization, include the 
necessary license as required for the CA solution. The 
virtualisation platform should be compatible with the existing 
infrastructure and manageable from the existing 
management console at AHCC.   

  

(b) Root CA server has to be physical and should be proposed 
accordingly.  However it should support virtualization, include 
the necessary license as required for the CA solution. The 
virtualisation platform should be compatible with the existing 
infrastructure and manageable from the existing 
management console at AHCC. 

  

(c) 02 x Latest Generation  64 bit x86  CPU having at least 12 
cores each with min  2.1 Ghz Clock speed and supports 
Hyper threading. 

  

(d) System Form Factor. Space optimized, rack mounted 2RU or 
better design 

  

(e) Proposed processor supports  secure data encryption and 

decryption based on Advance Encryption Standard (AES) 

  

(f) Main Memory. Minimum 64 GB DDR4 with DRAM Sparing, 

ECC registered DIMMs upgradable to maximum of 512 GB 

with the same memory module 

  

(g) Interface Ports.  1xDual port 1G Ethernet and 1xdual port 

10Gb Base T, At least 2 or more USB ports; 1xDedicated out 

of band management port , 1xDual port 8/16 GB HBA 

  

(h) PCIe should support Gen3 and Min 1 PCI slots should be 
available for future requirement after populating required 
interface 

  

(j) Internal disk 3 x 1.2TB  SAS disks in RAID 5  configuration   

(k) Optical Drive DVD RW Drive or better   

(l) Remote Management should support SSH, Web GUI and 
IPMI based access 

  

(m) Key RAS Features.  Hot-pluggable disk drives ,power 
supplies  and  N+1 redundant fan 

  

(n) Power Supply.  2 x Hot plug Power Supply providing 1+1 
redundancy 

  

(o) Monitor.  17" TFT Monitor       

(p) Keyboard and Mouse.  104 Keys Keyboard and scroll mouse 
 

  



Page 35  
 

7. External Tape Drive   

(a) LTO Ultrium Half-Height Ultrium 5TB Tape Drive   

(b) LTO tape drive technology capable of storing up to 5TB 
(compressed 2.5:1) per cartridge 

  

(c) Offered LTO7 drive in the Library shall conform to the 
Continuous and Data rate matching technique for higher 
reliability. 

  

(d) Offered LTO7 drive shall support 100MB/sec in Native mode 
5 Support for LTFS and AES 256-bit hardware data 
encryption easy-to-enable security to protect the most 
sensitive data and prevent unauthorized access of tape 
cartridges. 

  

(e) Shall be providing with SAS-based LTO Ultrium models with 
SAS cable which allows direct attach from embedded SAS 
controller. The HBA/interface/cables/licenses required for 
Server Connectivity to be supplied along with the Server 
Type–2 components in this document. 

  

(f) Tape drive should support monitoring and management 
capabilities 

  

(g) Tape drive should support with software which can predict 
and prevent failures through early warning and shall also 
suggest the required service action. 

  

(h) Offered Software also have the capability to determine when 
to retire the tape cartridges and what compression ratio is 
being achieved 

  

8. NPL Clock Receiver       As per existing Industry standards 
to meet CCA guidelines on the subject 

  

9. Biometric Authentication for CA Servers  As per existing 
Industry standards to meet CCA guidelines on the subject 

  

10. Strong Room Enclosure      As per CCA guidelines on the 
subject 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 



Page 36  
 

Appendix E 
(Refer to Para 2(c) of Part II to Tender 
No. PC-621/AHCC/Est CA for Indian 
Army/TAG Projects/58 dt 11 Oct 2018) 

 
QUALIFICATION/ ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 

 
   1. Criteria for Bidder (SI)  

S.No Criteria Compliance Documents to be 
provided by SI 

(a) The average annual turnover for last 

three years should be at least 6 

Crores in the past 3 years. 

 1. Balance sheet, P&L 
statement of last three 
financial years, latest valid 
TIN/ITCC and sales tax 
registration. 
 

2. Audited Financial 
Statements for the years 
2015-16, 2016-17 and 
2017-18. 

(b) The SI should not have suffered any 

financial loss for more than one year in 

the last three financial years. 

(c) The SI should be willing to ensure that 
the complete Installation 
/Commissioning and training will be 
completed within the stipulated time 
frame. 

 A certificate signed by the 
SI stating their willingness 
to provide complete 
Installation/ Commissioning 
and training as given in the 
RFP within the stipulated 
time frame. 

(d) The SI must have successfully 
implemented at least two turnkey IT 
solutions worth atleast 5 crore each in 
India in last two years. 

 Supply Order Copies and 
ATP details/ Certificates to 
be attached. 

(e) SI must provide training as listed at para 
2(d) of Part-II of RFP on each of the 
hardware/solution components. 

 Detailed syllabus as 
mentioned at para 2(d)(ii) 
of Part-II of RFP. 

(f) SI must be certified for ISO 9001:2008 
Quality Management Standards. 

 Supporting documents 

(g) SI must be a reputed IT solution provider 
possessing atleast a valid CMMi 
Level 5, duly recognised by the CMMi 
Institute, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, for any of 
the following: Design/ Development/ 
Implementation/ Testing for Software. 

 Copy of relevant 
Certifications 

  



Page 37  
 

Appendix „E‟ Contd… 

 S.No Criteria Compliance Documents to be provided 

by SI 

(h) MAF Certificate. In case the Bidder is 
not the OEM, the following will be 
provided by the bidders (Refer Para 13 
of Part IV of TE):- 

 Certificates by OEM. 

 As per Appx „K‟ 

(i) Copy of certificates from the 
respective OEMs, giving reference of 
this  Tender  Enquiry,  authorizing  the 
bidder to offer their equipment and a 
commitment  to  provide  maintenance 
support during the warranty period and 
during the period of the AMC (if entered 
into with the bidder by the buyer). 

 

(ii) The complete contact details of the 
OEM (Name and designation of contact 
person, postal address, e mail ID and 
telephone & FAX numbers). 

 

(j) SI should be capable of deployment 
and onsite support for the 
hardware/Solution at New Delhi. The 
SI should have an Office in Delhi NCR. 

 Undertaking certificate from 
SI 

(k) SI will be completely responsible for the 
execution of the project as a single 
point solution provider and the sole 
prime contractor for the entire project 

 Undertaking certificate from 
SI 

(l) SI should guarantee to provide spares 
& consumables on payment for a period 
of seven years irrespective of AMC 

 Undertaking certificate from 
SI 

(m) SI to submit a comfort letter from HW 
OEM that he will fully support the SI for 
the successful implementation of the 
project 

 Comfort letter from HW 
OEM to SI 

(n) SI should conduct a system study and 
understand the requirement before the 
pre-bid meeting. The Study document 
will form a part of the technical solution 
offered and the technical bid without 
which the tender will be rejected. The 
same could be required to be 
presented to the user by the bidder 
during TEC. 
 

 Study Document. 

(o) Support Engineer.   SI should provide 
an OEM Certified support engineer on 
call- on site at CDC, DR and NLDC as 
per requirement. The engineer should 
be atleast a Bachelors degree holder 
with adequate knowledge of the system 
and certified on the system by the 
OEM. 

 Undertaking that the same 
will be provided prior to 
delivery of items after 
placement of supply order. 



Page 38  
 

 Appendix „E‟ Contd… 

 2.  OEM Criterion 

S No Criteria Compliance Documents to be 
provided by SI 

(a) The proposed CA Solution (Enterprise) 
should have been implemented and 
running successfully at atleast one CA 
under Root CA of India for last 1-2 
years. 

 Letter from the 

organization where the 

Solution has been 

implemented, confirming 

that CA Solution has been 

implemented in their 

organization and working 

satisfactorily 

(b) Malicious Code Certificate. Certifying 
that the Hardware and the Software 
being offered, as part of the contract is 
not embedded with malicious code. 

 Certificate to be submitted 
as per Appx L. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Page 39  
 

Appendix F 
(Refer to Para 2(f) of Part II to Tender 
No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for Indian 
Army/TAG Projects/58 dt 11 Oct 2018) 

 
PROCEDURE FOR ATP 

 

Introduction 
 
1.       Acceptance testing is an essential part of project implementation.  It is at this stage 
that the user is to test and accept individual items as also the entire system.  The physical 
delivery as per the supply order and performance as per the technical literature and 
parameters given in the contract are to be verified by a technically competent board of 
officers.  As bulk of the payments due to the bidders is made after successful acceptance, it 
is imperative this is done diligently as well as expeditiously.  Some general guidelines for the 
ATP are enumerated in the succeeding paragraphs. 

 
2.       Conduct.  The payment terms and schedule are linked to the ATP, the ATP will 
commence expeditiously once the hardware has been received. If certain hardware has not 
been received, then the ATP board may not proceed with the ATP and make mention of the 
same in the ATP report. Since it is a turn key project, hardware can only be tested once the 
integration of hardware is completed and proper functioning of hardware on existing 
infrastructure is tested and ascertained. ATP will certify that Controller of Certificate Authority 
(CCA) of India has certified the Certifying Authority (CA) established for Indian Army as a 
part of this project, to be following all the laid down procedures, policies and mechanisms.  

 
3.       Responsibility of User.  The responsibilities of the user towards the conduct of ATP 
shall be as given below: - 

(a)      Test Side Readiness. The user shall have the site readied for the conduct of 
ATP including adequate power points, adequate space to house & test the items, 
stable and well earthed power supply, tables and backup power supply etc. 
(b)      Ensure availability of the members during the conduct of the ATP. 
(c)     ATP should be completed expeditiously.   Any equipment not meeting 
specifications or any other observation should be raised in writing immediately to the 
bidder. 

 
4.       Responsibility of Bidder.  The bidder‟s responsibility towards the conduct of ATP 
shall be as given below:- 

(a)      Provide the necessary diagnostic software. 
(b)      Ensure availability of a competent service engineers during the conduct of the 
ATP. 
(c)      Provide for speedy replacements of defective components so that ATP of the 
complete hardware may be completed in one go. 
(d)      Obtain the certification by Controller of Certificate Authorities (CCA) for the ibid 
CA framework prior to the ATP, to allow ATP to verify the same. All related 
coordination and movement of the CCA authorities to the above mentioned three 
locations, for certification, will be the responsibility of the bidder. All requisite 
documentation and procedural formalities will be provided by user to bidder/ vendor to 
do the same. 

 
5.       Time frame for conduct. The ATP should commence once all the components of the 
project have been installed and integrated with the existing Central Data Centre, DR Site and 
NLDC and the board should endeavor to complete the ATP as soon as possible. Integration 
at all the three locations will be tested and verified by the ATP board. It will also test the 
Disaster Recovery of the setup, wherein failover will be tested and verified. In case there is a 
requirement of the CCA authorities to be taken to the above mentioned three locations, for 
certification, all related expenses will be borne by the bidder/ vendor. 



Page 40  
 

 
ATP Guidelines 

 

6.       Some guidelines for acceptance testing of various systems are as enumerated 
below:- 

(a) Receipt of hardware, software and all items delivered by the Bidder against the 
quantities mentioned in the supply order. 
(b) Physical check of all packages and boxes. 
(c) Checking the items received as and carry out the acceptance testing of the 
items received. 
(d) Shipment of the hardware and peripherals to the various locations as per 
details given in the supply order (if applicable) under arrangements of the bidder. 
(e) Establishment of the network and installation and integration of the various 
components by the bidder. 
(g) Carry out acceptance testing of the network/integrated system in detail, to 
satisfy themselves that all individual components and the complete system are 
working as desired. 

 
7.       All  the  hardware  shall  be  supplied  with  Media  (CD  ROM)  documentation  and 
certificate of authenticity. All licenses will be provided in soft and hard format, in folders, as 
per locations to assist in proper documentation and handling. 

 
8.       Finalization  of  ATP  Proceedings.    The  ATP  board  shall  finalize  the  ATP 
proceedings at the earliest and forward written report including all test documents for 
approval of the proceedings. 



Page 41  
 

Appendix G 
(Refer to Para 3 of Part II to Tender 
No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for 
Indian Army/TAG Projects/58  
dt 11 Oct 2018) 

 

FORMAT OF THE COMPLIANCE STATEMENT 

 

 

Ser 

No 

Para of TE 

specifications item wise 

Specification of 

item offered 

Compliance of TE 

specification – 

whether Yes / No 

In case of non-

compliance, deviation 

from TE to be specified 

in unambiguous terms 

     

     

  

  



Page 42  
 

        
Appendix H 
(Refer to Para 6 of Part II to Tender 
No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for 
Indian Army/TAG Projects/58  
dt 11Oct 2018) 

 
 
 

CONFIDENTIALITY CERTIFICATE 
 
 
 

It is certified that the Company or any representative of the Company or agents 
authorized by them will not disclose any information gained by them or their representatives 
or agents, while interacting with the persons of Army Headquarters Computer Centre or any 
documents or any documents prepared in connection with the project or any documents 
received by them or any study carried out by them, directly or indirectly to any person or 
company or institution or press. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Seal   (Authorized signatory of company) 

 
 
 
 
Place : 

Date : 



Page 43  
 

    Appendix „J‟ 

(Ref Para 9, Part IV to Tender 

No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for 

Indian Army/TAG Projects/58  

dt 11Oct 2018) 

 

Model ECS Mandate Format 

 

Customer‟s option to receive through e-payment (ECS/EFT/DIRECT/CREDIT RTGS / 

NEFT /Other payment mechanism as approved by RBI.) 

 

Credit clearing Mechanism 

 

 1.  Customer‟s name : 

 

 2.  Particular‟s of Bank Account : 

  (a) Bank Name : 

  (b) Branch : 

  (c) Address : 

  (d) Telephone Number : 

  (e) IFS Code : 

  (f) 9 Digit code number of Bank and Branch appearing on MICR   

  cheque issued by Bank. 

  (g) Account Type (S.B Account/Current Account or Cash. 

  (h) Ledger Number : 

  (j) Ledger Folio Number : 

  (k) Account number as appearing on cheque Book. 

 

3.  Please attach a blank cancelled cheque, or photocopy of a cheque or front page of 

your saving bank serving bank passbook issued by your ban for verification of the above 

particulars. 

 

4.  Date of Effect. 

 

 I, hereby, declare that the particulars given above are correct and complete. If the 

transaction is delayed or not effected at all for reasons of in complete or correct 

information. I would not hold the user institution responsible. I have read the option 

invitation letter and agree to discharge the responsibility expected of me as a participant 

under scheme. 

 

Date          (……………………..) 

         Signature of customer 

 

 Certified that the particulars furnished above are correct as per our record. 

 

 

 

 



Page 44  
 

    Appendix „K‟ 

(Ref Para 1 (h) (i) of Appx E to Tender 

No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for Indian 

Army/TAG Projects/58 dt 11 Oct 2018) 

 
FORMATE FOR OEM CERTIFICATE 

 
 
 We M/s __________________________ (OEM) hereby authorize M/s 
_________________ (Vendor) to bid in “Establishment of Certificate Authority for 
Indian Army at AHCC” we certify that a agreement between M/s __________________ 
(OEM) and M/s _____________ (Vendor) is in place (copy enclosed). We M/s 
________________ (OEM) hereby state that we will provide maintenance and repair 
cover for the project “Establishment of Certificate Authority for Indian Army at AHCC” 
for a duration of three years (warranty period) and thereafter during the period of the AMC 
(if entered into with the bidder by the buyer). 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

     

Appendix „L‟ 

(Ref Para 2 (b) of Appx E to Tender 

No. PC-621/AHCC/Est of CA for Indian 

Army/TAG Projects/58 dt 11 Oct 2018) 

 
CERTIFICATE; MALICIOUS CODE 

(To be rendered on the Company Letter head) 
 
 

1. This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the 
Contract, does not contain embedded malicious code that would activate procedures to: - 
 

(a) Inhibit the desired and designed function of the equipment. 
 

(b) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation. 
 

(c) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/ networks. 
 
2. The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case 
physical damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual 
Property Rights (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in 
embedded software. 
 
 
 
 
        (Signed) 
          
 
Date:        Designation/ Name/ Address of firm 
Place: 


