













































RECEIPT


(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 1 of 35 

 

  

 
 

 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

RFP FOR DEVELOPMENT OF 
DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 

FOR MUNICIPAL CORPORATION, 
GURUGRAM 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
        (a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

   Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

                          Plot No. 25-A, Electronic City, Sector-18(Part) 
                                                       Gurugram 
 

  



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 2 of 35 

 

  

 
e-TENDER NO. HARTRON/DS/01/2017-18 

 
e-Tender Notice for engaging reputed Company/Agency for the job of development of 

Document Management System on behalf of Municipal Corporation, Gurugram.   

 
 Online bids are invited under two-bid system, for development & 

implementation of Document Management System on behalf of Municipal Corporation, 

Gurugram from reputed Companies/Agencies, dealing in software application 

development and Document Management System, through e-tendering.  
 

The Bidders can submit their bid along with requisite documents (Online) as 
per the dates mentioned in the key dates:- 

                                          Key Dates 

Sr. 
No. 

Department Stage Bidder’s Stage 
Start date and 

time 
Closing date and 

time 

1 - 
Tender Document 
Download and Bid 

Preparation 

24.11.2017 
12:00 Noon  

18.12.2017 up to 
5:00 PM. 

2 Pre Bid Meeting 
 

06.12.2017 at 11:00 AM Venue: 

HARTRON Technology Park 

 Plot No. 25-A, Electronic City, 

Sector-18(Part) 

Gurugram-122 015(India) 

3 Technical Bid Opening  - 19.12.2017 at 11:00 AM. 

4 
Technical Presentation & 
Opening of Financial Bid 

- 
To be intimated later after 
examining Technical Bids 

 

The tender documents can be downloaded free of cost from the portal eProcurement 

system https://etenders.hry.nic.in 

 
The bidders are also required to submit a hard copy of the technical bid along-with duly 
signed and stamped tender document downloaded from the website in the O/o Sh. M. 
K. Sardana, Project Manager, Plot No. 25-A, Electronic City, Sector-18(Part), Gurugram 
within 2 days after closing of submission date, in addition to online bid submission as 
per the instructions given in the RFP document.  
 

 

The address for all the above activities is:- 
 
 

Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd., (HARTRON) 

              HARTRON Technology Park, Plot No. 25-A, Electronic City, Sector-18(Part) 

 Gurugram-122 015(India) 

 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/


(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 3 of 35 

 

  

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

 

Clause 
No. 

 Page 
No. 

SECTION-1 
1. Instructions to bidder on Electronic Tendering System 4-5 

2. Introduction 6 

3. Scope of work 6-10 

4. Methodology 10 

5. Document Management System Planning & Implementation 10 

6. Training 11 

7. Change Request Handling 11 

8. Intellectual Property Rights 11 

9. General Requirements 11 

10. System Documentation 12 

11. Vendors Responsibilities 12-13 

12. MD, Hartron right to accept any bid or to reject any or all 
bids 

13 

13. EMD     13 

14. Eligibility Criteria for Bidders 13-16 

15. Evaluation of Bids 16-18 

16. Validity of Rates 18 

17. Termination of Job 18 

18. Warranty & Services 18 

19. Penalty for delay 19 

20. Payments terms 19 

21. Jurisdiction 19 

22. Terms & Conditions 19-21 

23. Applicable Law 21 

24. Schedule and time line for delivery of the project      21 

SECTION -2 

1. Bid requirement 22 

2. Contents of bid 22 

ANNEXURES 
A. Business details 23 

T1 Bidder particulars 26 

T2 Bid Form 28 

C1 Commercial Bid  29 

X Affidavit 31 

Y Affidavit 33 

Z Affidavit 34 
 

  



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 4 of 35 

 

  

 

1.Instructions to bidder on Electronic Tendering System 
 

These conditions will over-rule the conditions stated in the tender documents, wherever 

relevant and applicable. 

1.1 Registration of bidders on eProcurement  Portal:- 

All the bidders intending to participate in the tenders processed online are required 

to get registered on the centralized e - Procurement Portal i.e. 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in. 

Please visit the website for more details. 
 

1.2 Obtaining a Digital Certificate:  

1.2.1 The Bids submitted online should be encrypted and signed electronically with a 

Digital Certificate to establish the identity of the bidder bidding online. These Digital 

Certificates are issued by an Approved Certifying Authority, by the Controller of 

Certifying Authorities, Government of India. 

1.2.2 A Digital Certificate is issued upon receipt of mandatory identity (i.e. Applicant’s 

PAN Card) and Address proofs and verification form duly attested by the Bank 

Manager / Post Master / Gazetted Officer. Only upon the receipt of the required 

documents, a digital certificate can be issued. For more details please visit the 

website – https://etenders.hry.nic.in. 

1.2.3 The bidders may obtain Class-II or III digital signature certificate from any Certifying 

Authority or Sub-certifying Authority authorized by the Controller of Certifying 

Authorities.  

1.2.4 Bid for a particular tender must be submitted online using the digital certificate      

(Encryption & Signing), which is used to encrypt and sign the data during of bid 

preparation stage.  In case, during the process  of a particular tender, the user loses 

his digital certificate (due to virus attack, hardware problem, operating system or 

any other problem) he will not be able to submit the bid online. Hence, the users are 

advised to keep a backup of the certificate and also keep the copies at safe place 

under proper security (for its use in case of emergencies). 

1.2.5 In case of online tendering, if the digital certificate issued to the authorized user of 

a firm is used for signing and submitting a bid, it will be considered equivalent to a 

no-objection certificate/power of attorney /lawful authorization to that User. The 

firm has to authorize a specific individual through an authorization certificate signed 

by all partners to use the digital certificate as per Indian Information Technology Act 

2000. Unless the certificates are revoked, it will be assumed to represent adequate 

authority of the user to bid on behalf of the firm in the department tenders as per 

Information Technology Act 2000. The digital signature of this authorized user will be 

binding on the firm.  

1.2.6 In case of any change in the authorization, it shall be the responsibility of 

management / partners of the firm to inform the certifying authority about the  

            change and to obtain the digital signatures of the new person / user on behalf of the 

firm / company.  The procedure for application of a digital certificate however will 

remain the same for the new user. 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/


(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 5 of 35 

 

  

1.2.7 The same procedure holds true for the authorized users in a private/Public limited   

company. In this case, the authorization certificate will have to be signed by the 

directors of the company 
 

1.3 Pre-requisites for online bidding: 

In order to bid online on the portal https://etenders.hry.nic.in, the user machine 

must be updated with the latest Java & DC setup. The link for downloading latest 

java applet & DC setup are available on the Home page of the e-tendering Portal.  
 

1.4   Online Viewing of Detailed Notice Inviting Tenders: 

The bidders can view the detailed N.I.T and the time schedule (Key Dates) for all the 

tenders floated through the single portal eProcurement system on the Home Page at 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in. 
 

1.5    Download of Tender Documents: 

The tender documents can be downloaded from the eProcurement portal 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in. 
 

1.6      Key Dates: 

The bidders are strictly advised to follow dates and times as indicated in the online 

Notice Inviting Tenders. The date and time shall be binding on all bidders. All online 

activities are time tracked and the system enforces time locks that ensure that no 

activity or transaction can take place outside the start and end dates and the time of 

the stage as defined in the online Notice Inviting Tenders. 
 

1.7       Bid Preparation (Technical & Financial) Online Payment of Tender Document Fee, 

eService fee, EMD fees of online Bids: 
 

1.7.1 The cost of tender document is Rs. 2500/- to be deposited on line through RTGS/NEFT 

/DD in favour of Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation and upload scan 

copy receipt of tender document. Submit proof of payment. 
 

1.7.2  Earnest Money of Rs. 25,000/- as specified for the above work to be deposited on 

line through RTGS/NEFT/DD in favour of Haryana State Electronics Development 

Corporation while applying for issuance of tender documents also upload scan copy 

receipt of EMD. Submit proof of payment. 
   

RTGS Detail:- 

HARTRON 

Particulars of Bank Account for payment through RTGS  

Beneficiary Name  
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation 
Limited 

Bank Name  Central Bank of India 

Bank Address  Mullahera, Gurgaon, Haryana -122015 

Bank Account No.  1739803592 

Bank IFSC CBIN0281204 
Hartron Pan Card No: AABCH1532Q 

Hartron  GSTIN No.: 06AABCH1532Q2ZH 
 

The bidders shall quote the prices in price bid format. 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/


(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 6 of 35 

 

  

2. INTRODUCTION: 
 

Municipal Corporation, Gurugram require service for scanning & digitization of approx. 10 

lakh pages which include official records documents/files (which may be printed or 

handwritten) through a document management system; for easy search, retrieval and 

utilization of information.  Accordingly, offers in the form of sealed quotations are invited.  

3. SCOPE OF WORK 
 

A software solution in the form of Document Management System (DMS) is to be 

developed by the developer/vendor. The scope of services to be provided by the vendor is 

as under:  

3.1 Requirements analysis: The developer/vendor is expected to work closely with the 

user department for gathering and interpreting facts, analyzing end-user information 

needs, requirements as also other necessary details that would be crucial for the 

development of the DMS solution and submit the analysis report.   

3.2 Requirements definition: Once the requirement analysis is done, the vendor is 

required to clearly define and document the product requirements and get them 

approved from the department through a SRS (Software Requirement 

Specification) document which consists of all the product requirements to be designed 

and developed for the project. The document should specify the modules & sub-modules 

to be developed by the vendor etc. 

3.3 Development of Software:    

The successful Bidder shall develop DMS (Document Management System) specific to the 

needs of the MC Gurugram. Broadly the scope entails  

a) DMS is required to be web enabled and is to be developed using open source 

technologies and should follow standard software development life cycle. 

b) DMS provided by the successful Bidder is required to be platform independent and 

capable of archival, management and retrieval as per the requirements of the tender 

document.  

c) The modules of DMS are required to be capable of multiple accesses with security 

features and facility for updation/versioning. 

d) The successful Bidder may be asked to modify or make provisions for additional 

reports based on search parameters.  

e) All Licensed copy of the application software used, DMS solution and database design 

as may be developed by the firm or its employees for and during execution of the 

work shall be provided to HARTRON, the cost will be borne by the firm/bidder and the 

firm shall execute necessary documents for the same in favour of HARTRON. 

f) Software testing 

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 7 of 35 

 

  

3.3.1 Broad features: The broad features of the envisaged Document Management             

System (DMS) are as follows:  

i. Creating Hierarchy of Documents like Division, Sub Division, Department, File 

Type, Document Name etc. 

ii. Upload multiple pages files and option to create Tags. 

iii. Divide multipage file into individual pages and tag them separately. 

iv. Create multiple storage location and option to keep document as per hierarchy. 

v. Create database of files for quick search and search by key words/barcodes, File 

Name, File Type, Creation Date and defined Tags etc. 

vi. Provisions for selection and storage of subject portion of documents/pages for the 

correspondence portion of the file being scanned and accordingly creation of 

thumbnail of the selected image. 

vii. Application compatibility with SSL, which is best security protocol, used for 

Banking Transaction. 

viii. Access control system. 

ix. Advance Features (Optional) depending upon the user department requirements 

such as file resizing before upload and encryption of files on server. 

x. The developer/vendor will also be expected to impart comprehensive Training to 

the users on the developed DMS i.e. to the officers/officials in the department 

hierarchy and to Hartron operators. 

xi. The DMS prepared by the developer/bidder should take into consideration the 

most efficient ways to organize and access data. 

xii. The vendor/DMS software developer will have to assist the department for the 

development, deployment and operations of the DMS and is expected to provide 

support through a qualified and dedicated manpower at least for a period of one 

year after the implementation of the software.  

xiii. The DMS solution should be able to do the page level tagging of both noting and 

correspondence portion of the file which shall have noting pages searchable by 

number and correspondence portion searchable by date, as per the details 

mentioned/provided by the department. A thumbnail of the image portion of the 

subject part in the correspondence portion of the file will be created for reference 

on index page.  

xiv. Provisions be made for storage and retrieval from cloud.  

 

           In addition to the above-mentioned broad scope of work, the Company/Agency is 

expected to innovate, improve upon and add any additional components that are deemed 

necessary for the development and implementation of the Software. 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 8 of 35 

 

  

 3.3.2 Proposed System: The system should necessarily integrate the following     
features for smooth functioning: 

 

The system should allow collection of information along the hierarchy. The 

system should allow reviewing, commenting and approving by various personnel 

in the hierarchy.  The system should support movement of information across 

and within department. 

i) Document Maintenance, Management and Accessibility 
 

ii) The system should ensure that all the documents are digitalized & stored 

in a structured manner for easy access and retrieval with proper controls. 

 

File searching should be possible by file name, creation date, Document Type 

and Tags assigned during upload. A thumbnail of the image portion of the 

subject part in the correspondence portion of the file be created to aid access 

and retrieval.  

 

The solution should be easy to configure and implement, so as to integrate into 

existing infrastructure and applications. It should also display archive records in a 

non-proprietary format that can be read on any operating system, without special 

software or any viewers, into the foreseeable future.  Documents stored in the 

system should retain its original format and run in its native application when 

retrieved.  The system should duly allow for easy transfer of database and 

images to any other system. 

 

The solution should offer a comprehensive range of cost-effective services for 

Document Management System as under:  
 

 Document Scanning 

 Data conversion (TIFF to RTF, PDF, HTML, XML) 
 

The solution should include conversion of image files like JPEG, TIFF, PDF etc. to 

XML, PDF, HTML etc. Following features are required 
  

 Direct upload of Scanned Document to DMS 

 Storage of digitized data as per the recommendations of the department 

etc.  
  

 Provide Image processing libraries that support image enhancements such 

as changing contrast, zoom in/out, cleaning etc. and other imaging features 

like compression and extraction etc. 

 

 Facility to upload scanned batches from different field offices with Auto 

folder/Subfolder creation document filing & indexing on user defined fields. 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 9 of 35 

 

  

 

 System ability to provide Compression of scanned image files in TIF Format. 
 

3.3.3 Architecture and Scalability: 
 

 System should be scalable, Multi-tier architecture with each tier fully 

independent with support. 

 

 The system shall support separate Document/Image server for better 

management of documents and store only metadata information in 

database. 

 

 Support distributed Document Repositories for document upload and access 

at local level, which can be replicated with central repository at scheduled 

intervals. 

3.3.4 Storage & Archival of Documents 
 

 Categorization of documents in folders-subfolders. There should not be any 

limit on the number of folder and levels of sub folder. 

 Extensive document and folder level operation such as move /copy, e-mail, 

download, delete, metadata association etc.   

 Indexing of the documents on user defined parameters. The index system 

should create an organized document filtering system and make retrieval 

simple and efficient. 
 

 Association of the key words with the documents 
 

 

3.3.5 DMS Administration 
 

 Adequate administrative controls and security features with ability to set 

access controls at multiple levels. 

 

 It should support multiple levels of access rights like read, create, modify, 

delete etc. on documents and folders. 

 

 Roles and Privileges: Super User, Administrator Login, Group Manager and 

User profiles. 

 

 The system shall support extensive reporting facility at document, folder and 
user level 

  

 DMS should Support various Meta Data Types like Numeric, Float, text etc. 
  

3.3.6 Retrieval 
 

A retrieval system should retrieve right documents fast and easy.  Documents 

should be stored in HTML, XML or PDF format. 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 10 of 35 

 

  

 Extensive search facility to retrieve documents or Folders/Files 

3.3.7 Document View & Reporting 
 

Document viewing should be readily available to those who need it, with the 

flexibility to control access rights to the system and should be accessible in the 

office or at different locations over the Intranet or over the Internet. 

 Server based Inbuilt Document Image Viewer for displaying image 

document without native viewer 

 Viewer should be platform independent and support all standard browsers. 

3.4 Software Testing: Before launching of the application, a complete functional testing of all 

the modules and functionalities be carried out. 

3.5 Security Audit of the Software is required to be done. 

3.6 Hosting of the software: The hosting of the software shall be done on cloud based 

servers. The price of cloud based hosting may be taken by HARTRON/end user at a later 

stage before making the system live.  
 

4. METHODOLOGY 
 

The system integrator shall be required to independently arrive at the methodology, 

based on globally acceptable standards and best practices, suitable for the 

Department by providing state-of-art technology which aids scanning & cloud storage 

using both contact scanners as well as overhead non contact scanners. 

 

5. DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM PLANNING AND IMPLEMENTATION 
 

 Provide the necessary resources:  services, consulting and software to Implement and 

maintain the Document Management System. The plan shall include total solution for 

Document Management System. 

 Do requirement gathering from user and customize DMS as per requirements of user. 

 Conduct sessions to understand user problems and improve the satisfaction level of 

users. 

 Do User Acceptance Test and submit the report to Project Manager. 

 The vendor may suggest about the required Hardware specifications for running the 

Document Management System after completion of the job. 
 

 The vendor will provide support till the completion of the project i.e. scanning & 

digitization of all the pages provided by the department and will provide dedicated 

manpower to guide & troubleshoot which includes interaction with MCG 

officers/officials, creation of unique file no’s., barcodes, defining & coding their 

hierarchy, providing training etc. 

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 11 of 35 

 

  

  
6. TRAINING 

 

The training program should be comprehensive and should be conducted for all users as 

well as officers of the Department.  Vendor shall provide training free of charge to the end 

user, whenever, required by the user. Vendor is expected to conduct maximum 3-5 training 

sessions for the end user. 

 

7. CHANGE REQUESTS HANDLING 
 

On successful implementation of the developed modules and user acceptance testing the 

vendor shall also be optionally required to provide the support for change requests 

management.  During the period if any new module or extra functionality is required to be 

developed or need of some major changes occurs in the than existing functionalities; that 

shall be handled under change requests management.  During this period the vendor shall 

facilitate the department with following team members, whenever required:- 

 Project Manager/Team lead (Minimum experience 7 year) 

 Developer (Minimum experience 3 years) 

 Designer (Minimum experience 3 years) 

 Tester (Minimum experience 3 years) 

 Business Analyst (Minimum experience 4 years) 

Note: - Bidder must quote the man month cost for change requests management requirement 

for employing above profiles separately as optional cost. 

 
8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS (IPR) 

 
The successful Bidder shall handover the complete software solution to the HARTRON with 

the source code and the Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) including copyrights of the entire 

software solution along-with documentation, if any. 

  
9. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 

 

 The Rates must be valid for the period of 180 days from the date of opening of bid.  

Any offer falling short of the validity period is liable for rejection. 

 The successful bidder shall provide proper documentation, IPR handover to HARTRON 

that includes Source code, APIs, coding level documentation, etc. Application Source 

Code along with complete database would be the property of HARTRON and the 

development Company should hand over all admin, user Id password, hosting, 

database server details etc. to HARTRON along with all software details, deliverables 

etc. at the time of deployment of application for future use by HARTRON. The 

successful vendor will relinquish all ownership of the application developed to 

HARTRON. 

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 12 of 35 

 

  

 
 

10. SYSTEM DOCUMENTATION    
 
The selected Bidder shall provide complete documentation of the following:- 

 

 Administrator’s Manual: This manual shall provide a complete overview and detailed 

implementation instructions. 

 Operator Manual:  This manual shall provide a detailed user friendly operational 

description of the software as well as other pertinent operational details.  The 

manual shall be short, simple, and shall include pictures showing the various 

operator procedures. 

 
11. VENDOR RESPONSIBILITIES 

 

 Nominate a senior person in the capacity of a manager, who will serve as the single 

point of contact for the department and shall attend all meetings related to the project.  
 

 Plan and execute the project through a suitably qualified technical team. As part of this 

requirement, submit a project plan and keep it updated at all times.  
 

 Finalize the detailed requirements and suggest any improvements to the processes being 

followed. Design, develop, test and release the software solution consistent with 

applicable guidelines of State/ GoI.  
 

 Carry out necessary acceptance tests including certifications (as may be applicable) and 

report the test results including satisfactory conformance to requirements.  
 

 Provide implementation and other support services, as proposed and mutually agreed 

upon, to ensure that the solution is rolled out to all the participating stakeholders and is 

smoothly operational as per the work (project) plan that is agreed upon.  
 

 During the maintenance and support period, successful bidder shall provide IT 

operations and administration of the installed solution in conformity with the State’s IT 

policies, fix software defects, enhance the software as per an agreed plan and provide 

such other technical support and hand-holding necessary for the smooth functioning of 

the overall solution covered under the scope of the project in conformity with the agreed 

performance criteria.  
 

 The selected bidder agrees to make good any defects and shortcomings in the software 

that is part of the agreed requirements.  
 

 In the event of a major scope change involving significant time and effort over and 

above routine maintenance and support, the selected bidder shall facilitate the 

assessment of impact to technical matters, timelines, Cost and also justify the effort 

involved. Further, the bidder agrees to implement these changes after obtaining 

approval from the competent authority.  Only in case of significant changes to the 

solution by Department itself, the request for such change requests shall be accepted. 
 

 Facilitate audit and assessments, as and when required. 
 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 13 of 35 

 

  

 Submit periodic reports and support project reviews as may be agreed and necessary.  
 

12. MD, HARTRON right to accept any Bid or to reject any or all bids. 
 

The MD, HARTRON reserves the right to accept or reject any or all bids without assigning 
any reason. 

 
12.1  HARTRON officer/official will be at any point of time, be free to visit the premises 

where the job is being executed to ensure that the process is followed as specified 

in the tender. Any fault on part of any tenderer is liable for the cancellation of the 
order/imposing suitable penalty. 

 
12.2  The HARTRON reserves the right to allot the work to one party or to distribute the 

work to all the parties as the circumstances demand at the time of allotment of 
work keeping in view urgency and interest of Corporation as well as capacity of 

party/bidder. 

 
13. Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 

 

a.   The cost of tender document is Rs. 2500/- to be deposited on line through RTGS/NEFT 

/DD in favour of Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation and upload scan 

copy receipt of tender document. Submit proof of payment. 

b.  Earnest Money of Rs. 25000 /- as specified for the above work to be deposited on line 

through RTGS/NEFT/DD in favour of Haryana State Electronics Development 

Corporation while applying for issuance of tender documents also upload scan copy 

receipt of EMD. Submit proof of payment. 

c.  If the validity of the tender is extended the validity of EMD will also have to be 

extended. 

d.   No interest shall be payable by the Corporation on the Earnest Money deposited by 
Bidder. 

e.  Earnest money is liable to be forfeited if, at any time, it is found that the tenderer 
had, with malafied intention, tried to cheat or otherwise misrepresent to the 

Corporation.  

 The EMD is liable to be forfeited if the Bidder withdraws or amends   impairs 

or derogates from the tender in any respect within the period of validity of the 
Tender. 

 The EMD of the unsuccessful Bidders shall be returned by the Corporation 

within 45 days after placement of contract. Bidders are advised to send a pre-
receipt along with their bids to facilitate refund of earnest money in time. 

 The Corporation can change the scope of work, term & condition etc. at any 

stage before finalization of rates. 
 In case, the date of opening falls on Holiday, Gazetted or subsequently 

declared, the tender will be opened on the next working day. 

 
14. Eligibility Criteria for Bidders: 

 
14.1 Bidders General Qualifications: 

 
i. This e-tender is open to all firms/companies from within India, who are eligible to do 

business under relevant Indian laws as in force at the time of bidding. 
 
ii. Firm/company declared by any State/ Central Govt. Department to be ineligible to 

participate for corrupt, fraudulent or any other unethical business practices shall not 
be eligible during the period for which such ineligibility is declared. 

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 14 of 35 

 

  

iii. The bidder should be an established organization and must have adequate 
experience of executing customized software development projects in open source 
technologies for State/Central Government/ PSU units. 

iv. Breach of general or specific instructions for bidding, general and special conditions 
of contract with the concerned department/Hartron may attract a proceeding to 
declare a firm/company ineligible for a certain period or certain number of 
consecutive tender calls. 

 

v. Breach of any of the conditions of this tender document, work order, arrangement, 
contract with GOH may attract a proceeding to declare a firm/company ineligible for 
a certain period or certain number of consecutive tender calls at the option of 
HARTRON. 

 

a. Minimum Eligibility Criteria: 
 

Sr. 

No. 
Clause Document Required 

1. Processing fee for Tender Document should 

have been submitted 
The Payment for Tender 

Document Fee and eService Fee 

INR 2,500/- (Rupee Two 

Thousand Five Hundred Only) 

(Non-refundable) to be deposited 

on line through RTGS/NEFT/DD 

by eligible 

bidders/company/Agency .  

2. The Bidder must be registered in India 
under the Companies Act 1956 having its 

registered office in India or a Partnership 

Firm registered under the Partnership Act, 
1932 or registered under LLP Act, 2008 for 

the last five years as on 31.03.2017. 
Certified Copy must be attached. 

Attested copy of the Certificate of 

Incorporation. 

3. The Company/Agency should have average 

Turnover of Rs. 5 Crores in  last  3  Financial  

Years  (2014-15, 2015-16, 2016-17) from IT 

software development services  

 Audited Balance sheet and 

Profit & Loss account 

statement of the Bidder for 

each of the last 3 audited 

financial years. 
 

 Certificate   duly signed by 

Company Secretary of the 

Bidder confirming the positive 

net-worth for the last three 

financial years. 

4. The Bidder should be a profit making 

company before tax in each of the last three 

audited financial years (2014-15, 2015-16, 

2016-17). 

 Audited Balance sheet and 

Profit & Loss account 

statement of the Bidder for 

each of the last 3 audited 

financial years. 
 

 Certificate   duly signed by 

Company Secretary of the 

Bidder confirming the positive 

net-worth for the last three 

financial years. 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 15 of 35 

 

  

5. The Company/Agency must have adequate 
experience for development & 

implementation of customized IT software in 
the last five preceding years in a 

State/Central Government/ PSU for at least 

10 different projects/departments out of 
which at least five projects should be in the 

State of Haryana.  

 Work Order / Client Certificate/ 

Project citations/Define of 

satisfactory execution & 

payment recd. etc. 

6.  The Company/Agency must be an 
established organization and should have 

experience of executing customized software 
development project of atleast 

  

1 Project of value Rs 1 Crore for Haryana 
Government department  

        Or 
2 Projects of value not less than Rs 40 lacs 

each for Haryana Government department  

 Work Order / Client Certificate/ 

Project citations/Define of 

satisfactory execution & 

payment recd. etc. 

7. The Bidder should have all necessary 

licenses, permissions, consents, NOCs, 

approvals as required under law for carrying 

out its business.  The Bidder should have 

currently valid GST No. and PAN No.  

Copies of GST No. & PAN No. 

Undertaking be provided by the 

bidder that he has all the 

requisite approvals/ NOCs etc., as 

required under law to carry out 

its business. 

8. The Signatory signing the Bid on behalf of 

the Bidder should be duly authorized by the 

Board of Directors of the Bidding 

Company/partner in the case of partnership 

firm/proprietor in the case of proprietorship 

firm to sign the Bid on their behalf. 

A Certificate from the Company 

Secretary of the Bidder certifying 

that the Bid signatory is 

authorized by the Board of 

Directors of the Company to do 

so, with acceptance of board 

resolution, resolutions number 

and date/ partner in case of 

partnership firm/proprietor in the 

case of proprietorship firm to sign 

the Bid on their behalf.  

9. EMD should have been submitted. The Payment for EMD Rs. 

25,000/- (Rupees Twenty Five 

thousand only) can be made 

online directly through RTGS / 

NEFT / DD and the bidder would 

remit the funds at least T + 1 

day (Transaction + One day)in 

advance to the last day and make 

the payment via RTGS / NEFT/DD 

to the beneficiary account 

number as mentioned in the 

challan.  



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 16 of 35 

 

  

10. The bidder should have minimum 40 regular 

IT professional employees on its payroll as 

on 31.03.2017 and should have an office in 

Tri-city (Chandigarh / Mohali / Panchkula) or 

NCR. 

a.      Proof of address of Office 

location – Electricity bill, Rent 

Agreement, Water Bill, BSNL 

telephone bill 

b. Proof of Head count – Self 

certificate from company HR 

head on company letter head 

11. In case the entity is a defaulter in paying 

any dues to any of the Govt. Departments 

a) If yes, the bidder is not eligible to bid 

for the tender 

b) If no, affidavit to this effect to be 
submitted  

Affidavit signed by authorized 

signatory as attached at 

(Annexure-X) to be submitted 

on non judicial stamp paper of 

Rs. 10 duly attested by notary 

public. 

12. Information/documents/experience 

certificates submitted by entity along with 

the tender are genuine and true and nothing 

has been concealed therein. 

Affidavit signed by authorized 

signatory as attached at 

(Annexure-Y) to be submitted 

on non judicial stamp paper of 

Rs. 100 duly attested by notary 

public. 

13. Selected company should not have been 

black listed  in  the  last  five  years  by  any 

Government entity in India (Centre / State 

organizations/ Departments/ Institutions.) 

for breach of any applicable law or violation 

of regulatory   prescriptions   or   breach   of 

agreement as on date of submission of Bid. 

 

Affidavit signed by authorized 

signatory as attached at 

(Annexure-Z) to be submitted 

on non judicial stamp paper of 

Rs. 10 duly attested  by notary 

public 

 

Any Bid failing to meet the above stated Qualification criteria shall be summarily rejected 
and will not be considered for further evaluation. 
 

14.2 In case of changes in taxation laws: 
 

In case there is delay in supply by the successful bidder/supplier and there is any 

change in the tax implications because of changes in any of the applicable laws of 

the country, the additional burden/benefit shall be borne/enjoyed by the successful 

bidder/supplier. 

 

15. Evaluation of Bids 
 

The bids will be in two parts (Technical and Financial) as indicated in the Tender. The bids will be 
evaluated using 70: 30 scoring criteria for technical and financial bids. The technical bids shall be 
evaluated using Technical Bid evaluation criteria. Only Bidders securing more than 60 marks will be 
treated as Technically qualified and eligible for opening of financial bids. The technical and financial 
scores secured by each bidder will be added using weightage of 70% and 30% respectively to 
compute a Composite Bid Score. The bidder securing the highest Composite Bid Score will be 
adjudicated as the Best Value Bidder for award of the Project. 
 

An evaluation committee consisting of officials from Department will evaluate the bids of all the 
bidders both technically and commercially as per the following schedule/pattern. 

 

i. Only Technical bid shall be opened on the day of opening of the technical bids. 
ii. Conditional bids shall be summarily rejected. 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 17 of 35 

 

  

iii. The Technical bids:-The documents furnished by each bidder with its Technical 
Bid and will be examined to see whether the qualifications and specific requirements 
mentioned in the tender document are fulfilled. 

iv. Technical bids shall be evaluated using ‘Technical Bid Evaluation Criteria’. List 
of evaluation criteria is given below. The bidders securing more than 60 percent 
score in technical bid shall be treated as Technically Qualified Bidders. 

v. The Commercial Bids of those bidders who satisfy the parameters laid out in the 
Pre-Qualification cum Technical Bid will only be opened. The place, date and time of 
the opening of the Commercial Bids shall be notified separately. 

vi. The technical and financial scores secured by each bidder will be added using 
weightage of 70% and 30% respectively to compute a Composite Bid Score. 

vii. Financial Bids that are less than 50% of the average bid price will be disqualified 
[the average bid price is computed by adding all Financial Bid values of ALL the 

technically qualified bidders and dividing the same by the number of bidders]. 
viii. L1 Calculation shall be done using following formula:- 

The bidder with lowest financial bid (L1) will be awarded 100% financial score. 

Financial Scores for other than L1 bidders will be evaluated using the following 
formula:  

Financial Score of a Bidder = {(Financial Bid of L1/Financial Bid of the Bidder) X 100}% (Adjusted to two decimal 
places)  

ix. The technical and financial scores secured by each bidder will be added using 
weightage of 70% and 30% respectively to compute a Composite Bid Score 

x. The bidder securing the highest Composite Bid Score will be adjudicated as the 
Best Value Bidder for award of the Project. 

xi. In the event the bid composite bid scores are ‘tied’, the bidder securing the highest 

technical score will be adjudicated as the Best Value Bidder for award of the 
Project. 

 

Technical Bid evaluation criteria 
 

S 
No 

Criteria Description Max.marks 

1 
Turnover 
Requirements 

Bidder should not be a loss making organization for the 
last three years. It must be having an average annual 
turnover of minimum Rs. 5.0 Crore for last three 
financial years from IT software services. 10 marks shall 
be awarded for having an average annual turnover of 
minimum Rs. 5.0 Crore for last three financial years. One 
mark shall be awarded for an additional slab of Rs. 50.00 
Lakhs, limiting to maximum 15 marks. 

15 

2 
e-Governance 
Experience 

• Bidder's experience of customized software 
development work in the State of Haryana  (1 to 4 
projects = 5 pts, 5 to 9 projects= 10 pts, 10 projects or 
more projects = 15 pts) 
• Bidder's experience of customized software 
development work for Central / State or PSU units of 
value more than Rs 20 lac (5 marks for 1 project upto a 
maximum of 15 marks for 3 projects) 

30 

3 Team Strength 

Capability of Bidder in supporting successful 
implementation in State of Haryana with respect to team 
size.  Bidder should have minimum 40 employees on its 
payroll as on or before 31st March 2017.  
(10 marks shall be awarded for 40 employees and 1 
additional mark for every additional 10 employees 
limiting to maximum 15). 

15 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 18 of 35 

 

  

4 
Technical 
presentation 

Presentation about company profile, quality of 
constitution of team and the technical proposal with 
special attention paid to approach, methodology and 
understanding of the requirements. Completeness of the 
proposed solution relative to other bidders. All activities 
to be undertaken during development, implementation 
and maintenance. Capability in executing open source 
technologies projects for government units. 

30 

5 Value Addition 
What value does the bidder proposes to add in the 
department with their proposed solution 10 

Total 100 

 

16. Validity of Rates: 
 

The Rates must be valid for the period of 180 days from the date of opening of bid. Any 

offer falling short of the validity period is liable for rejection. 

 

17. TERMINATION OF JOB 
 

17.1 Termination for Insolvency 
 

HARTRON may at any time terminate the work order / contract by giving written notice 
of four weeks to the agency, without any compensation to the agency, if the agency 

becomes bankrupt or otherwise insolvent. 

 
a. Termination for default 

 

a. Default is said to have occurred 
 

 If the agency fails to deliver any or all of the services within the time period(s) 

specified in the work order or any extension thereof granted by HARTRON. 
 

 If the agency fails to perform any other obligation(s) under the contract / work 

order. 

b. If the agency, in either of the above circumstances, does not take remedial steps 

within a period of 15 days after receipt of the default notice from HARTRON (or 

takes longer period in spite of what HARTRON may authorize in writing), 

HARTRON may terminate the contract / work order in whole or in part. In addition 

to above, HARTRON may at its discretion also take the following actions.  
 

 HARTRON may transfer upon such terms and in such manner, as it deems 
appropriate work order for similar service to other agency and the defaulting 

agency will be liable to compensate HARTRON for any extra expenditure 

involved towards support service to complete the scope of work totally.  
 

18.  Warranty & Services 

 

1. The Bidder is expected to offer most competitive prices with highest possible 

discounts for the items. 

 

2. The Bidder can make the necessary modification with the prior permission of 

department in the required software during the contract period.  



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 19 of 35 

 

  

 

19. Penalty for delay 
 

Delay in meeting the timelines defined by the concerned department/HARTRON, beyond 

the due date of delivery, will invite a penalty of 3% per day of the delayed project value. 

If the delay is of more than 15 days, then the work may be withdrawn and got executed 

through other bidder(s) at the risk and expense of the defaulting bidder. Thereafter, the 

contract will be treated cancelled, Security Deposit will be forfeited and no payment will 

be made for the supplied material.  

 

20. Payment Terms:  
 

i) 10% payment will be processed in Advance as mobilization funds along with the work 
order 

ii) 20% payment will be processed after preparation of SRS and approval from the 
concerned department.  
 

iii) 40% payment will be processed on development of the software and its successful 
execution. 

 

iv) Balance 30% Payments will be processed after security audit.   

v) All payments will be made subject to deduction of TDS (Tax Deduction at Source) as 
per Income-Tax Act 1961 ad other taxes, if any, as per Government of India rules. 

 

21. Jurisdiction: - All disputes will be settled with the jurisdiction of Panchkula 

or Chandigarh only.    

 

22. Terms & Conditions 
 

1 The development work of Document Management System should be completed with-in 

stipulated time period. 

2. The HARTRON reserves the right to withdraw/revoke/cancel the whole or any part of the 

Tender at any stage without assigning any reason. 
 

3. A senior level Consultant must be engaged by Firm/Agency for supervision of work on 

regular basis. 

 

4. Bi-monthly Progress Report should be submitted by Firm/ Agency for monitoring the work 

progress.  

 

5. The documents to be digitized will normally be in the size of A4/ A5 in stitched files/ 

volumes. 
 

 

6. While on the assignment, the Firm/ Agency will not make or retain any digital copy of the 

documents/ records for any purpose, whatsoever except for submitting the Hard Discs to 

the Client Department, Haryana as per terms of the job. 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 20 of 35 

 

  

7. Firm/Agency will depute one qualified person for Support after the successful completion 

of the job. 

 

8. The Bidder shall perform the services and carry out its obligations under the Contract with 

due diligence and efficiency, in accordance with generally accepted techniques and 

practice used in the industry and with professional engineering and training/consulting 

standards recognized by national/international professional bodies and shall observe 

sound management, technical and engineering practices. It shall employ appropriate 

advanced technology and safe and effective equipment, machinery, material and methods. 

The Bidder shall always act, in respect of any matter relating to this Contract, as faithful 

advisors to HARTRON and shall, at all times, support and safeguard HARTRON’s legitimate 

interests in any dealings with Third parties.  
  

9. HARTRON reserves the right to access the performance of the bidder prior to 

commencement or in between the work progress. The assessment may cover all areas 

related to the assigned work order, especially methodology, manpower, infrastructure etc.  

HARTRON reserves the right to cancel the work order assigned to the bidder at any time 

which includes the time after the completion of assigned work without assigning any 

reason for the same.  In case the work order is cancelled then the costs incurred will be 

borne by the bidder and under no circumstances the bidder shall be eligible for any 

payment or damages from the HARTRON. 

 

10. The selected bidder shall not, without HARTRON’s prior written consent, disclose the 

Contract, or any provision thereof, or any specification, plan, drawing, pattern, sample of 

information furnished by or on behalf of HARTRON in connection therewith, to any person 

other than a person employed by the Bidder in the Performance of the Contract.  

Disclosure to any such employed person shall be made in confidence and shall extend only 

so far as may be necessary for purpose of such performance. 

 

11. The selected bidder or his employees will not disclose the content of documents given for 

scanning/archiving and the details of HARTRON software, to any person or allow its 

unauthorized use.  The selected bidder should not also disclose the above to any of its 

existing or future clients.  

 

12. The selected bidder shall indemnify the HARTRON against all third party claims of 

infringement of patent, trademark/copyright or industrial design rights arising from the 

use of the supplied software/ hardware/ manpower etc. and related series or any part 

thereof.  

 

13. If the selected bidder is not able to fulfill its obligations under the contract, which includes 

non-completion of the work, HARTRON reserves the right to select another bidder to 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 21 of 35 

 

  

accomplish the work.  Any costs, damages etc. resulting out of the same shall have to be 

borne by the selected bidder. 

 

14. Alternations if any in the tender should be attested properly by the bidder, failing which 

the tender is liable to be rejected. 

 
23.  APPLICABLE LAW 

 

The work order will be governed by the laws and procedures established by Hartron and 

State of Haryana, within the framework of applicable legislation and enactment made from 

time to time concerning such commercial dealings/processing. 

 

24. Schedule and time line for delivery of the project 

 

Project has to be completed within timelines. Components for completion of project and 

various milestones is as under from the date of award of contract including testing and 

implementation of the proposed system: 
  

S 

No 

Milestone Time  

1 Analysis of the Project T+1 week 

2 Submission of Detailed Project Plan T+2 week 

3 
 

 

i) Any suggestions for changes by Department and 
Sign Off and acceptance by Department.  
ii)Resubmission after modifications suggested by Department 

and After Modification Sign Off and acceptance by Department 

T+3week  
 

4 Preparation of data design and application architecture for the 

system, development of appropriate screen layouts and forms 

for the users, further coordination and collection of any 

required data from MCG, Gurugram. 

T+6 week 

5 Development & finalization of the DMS T+14 week 

6 
 

Modification/Updations as per requirement and Implementation 
such as Hosting on cloud server and Security Audit and also 
Hosting on the local Server/System and provide training. 

T+16 week 
 

T: Start date of Project 

Mid Term Review & Audit and Midterm evaluation may be done to critically review the progress 

of the work and performance of the successful bidder. Hartron, at its discretion may also appoint 

third party for the same. The bidder will have to provide access to all information  that  may  

be  required  by  Hartron/third  party  to  successfully  complete  the review/audit. 

  



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 22 of 35 

 

  

Section 2: Bid Requirements 
 

1. Offers are invited for on behalf of Haryana State Electronics Dev. Corpn. Ltd., (HARTRON) 

from the reputed Companies/Parties as ‘Associates’ for the Development of Document 

Management System.  

 

1.1 The Bidder must quote for the complete job as per the Tender Document.  Offer for part 

job shall not be considered and will be rejected without further reference.   

 
1.2 The Bid Documents are not transferable and the cost of the tender document is not 

refundable under any circumstances. 

 

1.3 Telex/E-Mail/Fax bids and incomplete bids will be summarily rejected. 
 

1.4 All pages of the Bid being submitted must be signed and sequentially numbered by the 

Bidder. 

 

2. Contents of Bid 
 

The Bids prepared by the Bidder shall comprise of the following two components: 
 

 
2.1 Technical Bid comprising the following are to be filled as per the formats provided in 

the Tender Document. 

 

i) Bidder must enclose duly filled and signed Annexure ‘A’. 
ii) Earnest Money 
iii) Bidders Particulars (Annexure-T1) 
iv) Bid Form (Annexure-T2) 
v) Bidder must also enclose the required documents as defined in Eligibility Criteria 

for Bidders (Clause 14). 

vi) Bidder presentation 
 

 
2.2 Commercial Bid  

 

2.2.1 Commercial Bid for Development of Document Management System Job 
(Annexure-C1). 

 
The Technical and Commercial Bid must be sealed in separate envelop and then both the 

bids should be put in envelop mentioning “Bid for Development of Document Management 

System”. 
 

 
 
 

 
 

 

 
 
 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 23 of 35 

 

  

 

BUSINESS DETAIL              (Annexure-‘A’) 
 
1. Name of the Bidder:____________________________________ 
 

2. Incorporation as Sole Proprietor/Partnership/Private Limited or 

Limited Firm: _____________________________ in the year 

__________ at ___________ 
 

3. Whether any Legal/Arbitration/proceeding is instituted the Bidder or the 

Bidder has lodged any claim in connection with works carried out by them.  

If yes, please give details. 
 

4. Whether the bidder complies with the requirement of Registration under 

the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act  : Yes/No 

5.    Bidder’s Profile:  
 

Address :  
 
 

Name of 
Premises/Building/Village 

:  

Area/Locality/Taluka/sub-
Division 

:  

Town/City/District :  

State/Union Territory :  

Name of the top executive 
with designation 

:  

Telephone No’s. :  

E-mail address :  

GST No. :  

PAN No./TIN No. of the 
Company (Please attach 
photocopy)  

:  



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 24 of 35 

 

  

6. List of minimum four Development of software System for government 
departments– furnish detail of such projects in each of the last three years: 
 

S. 
No. 

Year 

Name of the 
client with 

address and 
phone no. 

Software 
Developed 

(Brief 
Detail) 

Project 
Start 
Date 

Project 
Completion 

Date 

1.      

2.      

3.      

4.      

5.      

6.      

7.      

 
7. EMD details:   

Particulars 
Amount 

(Rs.) 
Draft No. Date Bank Branch 

EMD      

 

Documents in support of the above may be furnished with page numbers indicated 
in the index. Please use separate sheets wherever necessary. 
 
8. Checklist for Technical bid evaluation 

S# Clause Documents Required 

1.  The Bidder’s turnover for last three financial years 
from IT software services and bidder’s profitability 

statement. 

Audited Balance sheets / Turnover 
certificate from CA 

2.  The Bidder's experience of development of 
customized software development projects in the 
State of Haryana 

Work orders or successful 
completion certificates 

3.  The Bidder's experience of development of 
customized software projects of Central / State or 
PSU units of value more than Rs 20 lac 

Work orders or successful 
completion certificates 

4.  Local address and manpower capacity of the 
bidder 

Relevant address proof and self 
declaration for manpower 

 
                                



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 25 of 35 

 

  

9.  Any other details: 

 
 

 

  

 
   

 

 ___________________________________________ 
 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
Date:                                                                 Signature of Tenderer 
    

Name :___________________________________________ 
 
   Status/ Designation :___________________________ 
        
       (Seal)    
Note : Furnish separate profiles, if desired. 

 
 

********** 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 26 of 35 

 

  

(Enclose with Technical Bid) 
 

     Annexure – T1 
 

 
BIDDERS PARTICULARS 

 
BIDDERS SHOULD FURNISH ANSWERS TO ALL THE QUESTIONS BELOW. 
 
BIDDERS MAY PLEASAE NOTE THAT IF THE ANSWER SO FURNISHED ARE NOT 
CLEAR AND/OR ARE EVASIVE, THE ENTRY WILL BE LIABLE TO BE IGNORED. 
 
 

1. Tender No. HARTRON/DS/01/2017-18 
 
2. What is your permanent  

Income Tax A/C No.   :_____________________ 
 

3. GST & PAN NO.    :_____________________ 
 

4. Please indicate Name &  
full address of your Banker  :_____________________ 

 
       ______________________ 
 
5. Business name and Constitution of the firm. 
 

Is the firm registered under:- 
 
(a) The Indian Companies Act, 1956 (b) The India Partnership Act, 

1932 (Please also give name of partners) (c) Any act, if not who 
are the owners.  (Please give full names and address). 

 
6. State whether required Computer related Hardware and 

manpower is held for the execution of the job. 
 
7. For Partnership firms state whether they are registered or not 

registered under Indian Partnership Act, 1932.  Should the 
answer to this question by a Partnership firm be in the 
affirmative, please state further:- 

 
(a) Whether by the Partnership agreement, authority to refer disputes 

concerning the business of the partnership to arbitration has been 
conferred on the partner who has signed the tender. 

(b) If the answer to (a) is in the negative, whether there is any general 
power of attorney executed by all the partners of the firm 
authorizing the partners who signed the tender to refer dispute 
concerning business of the partnership to arbitration. 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 27 of 35 

 

  

(c) If the answer to either (a) or (b) is in the affirmative furnish a copy 
of either the partnership agreement or the general power of 
attorney as the case may be. 

N.B.: 
 

(1) Please attach to the tender a copy of either document on which 
reliance is placed for authority of partners or the partners signing 
the tender to refer disputes to arbitration.  The copy should be 
attested by a Notary Public or its execution should be admitted by 
Affidavit on a properly stamped paper by all the partners. 

 
(2) Where authority to refer disputes to arbitration has not been given 

to the partners signing the tender the tenders must be signed by 
every partner of the firm. 

 
8. Mention specifically that whether the price tendered by you is to 

the best of your knowledge and belief, not more than the price 
usually charged by you for the job of the same nature.  If not 
state the reasons thereof, if any, also indicate the margins of 
difference. 

 
9. Please confirm that you have read all the instructions carefully 

and have complied with accordingly. 
 
 
 
Signature of Witness:     Signature of Tenderer 
Full name & address of 
Witness in Block letters   

 
 
(1) Full name and address of the persons 

       Signing (In BLOCK letters) 
     (2) Whether signing as Proprietor/Partner 
      Constituted Attorney/duly authorized 
         by the Company. 
Date:          (seal) 
Place: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                       



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 28 of 35 

 

  

                             (Enclose with Technical Bid)    
                                                                                                     

Annexure-T2 
 

BID FORM 
        

Date:___/___/___ 
 

Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Dev. Corpn. Ltd.,(HARTRON) 
Hartron  Technology Park 
Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), 
Gurugram-122015. 

 
Sir, 

Having examined the Bidding Documents of Tender 
HARTRON/DS/01/2017-18, we, the undersigned, offer for Development of 
Document Management System in conformity with the said Bidding Documents 
for same as may be ascertained in accordance with the Schedule of Prices 
provided in the Commercial Bid from time to time. 
 

We undertake, if our bid is accepted, to commence the work immediately 
as specified in the work order within 01 week calculated from the date of receipt 
of your Notification of Award.   

 
We agree to abide by this bid for a period of one years and it shall remain 

binding upon us and may be accepted at any time before expiration of that 
period.  Until a formal contract is prepared and executed, this bid, together with 
your written acceptance thereof and your notification of award, shall constitute a 
binding Contract between us. 

 
We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any bid you 

may receive.  We also understand that you have the right to split the total order 
among the Bidders. 
 
Dated____________Day of _______________ 2017 _____________ 
 
             

                                                                          Signature & Seal 
  ________________ 

         (in the Capacity of) 
 
Only Authorized to sign bid for and on behalf of_______________________ 

 
 
 
 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 29 of 35 

 

  

 
ANNEXURE – C1 

 
 

COMMERCIAL BID 
 

To 
 

Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Dev. Corpn. Ltd.,(HARTRON) 
Hartron  Technology Park 
Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), 
Gurugram-122015. 
 

Ref: Tender No. HARTRON/DS/01/2017-18 
 

Sir, 
 
We declare: 
 
1. We hereby offer the following rates for DEVELOPMENT OF DOCUMENT 

MANAGEMENT SYSTEM for Scanning/tagging of legacy documents of Municipal 
Corporation. (Taxes Extra, if applicable):- 

 
 

Rate for the development of Document Management System: 

 
The bidders are requested to give the rate as under: 

Sr. 

No. 

Description Rate Taxes Amount 

1.* 

 

 
 

Complete Software-DMS 

development, implementation and 

technical support upto one year. 

 

 

  

Rates for Technical Support after one year 

(on yearly basis) may also be provided. 

   

Man month rates for Handling Change 

requests for following profiles 

 Project Manager/Team lead 

 Developer 

 Designer 

 Tester 

 Business Analyst 

 

   

 
*L1 will be calculated on the basis of rates mentioned at S.No.1 above. 

  

2. We hereby certify that we have read and understood the terms and conditions of 
the tender and the conditions of the Contract applicable to the tender and we do 
hereby undertake to supply as per these terms and conditions.  

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 30 of 35 

 

  

3. Certified that the Bidder is: 
 

A sole proprietorship firm and the person signing the tender is the sole 
proprietor/constituted attorney of the sole proprietor. 

Or 
a partnership firm, and the person signing the tender is a partner of the firm and 
he has authority to refer to arbitration disputes concerning the business of the 
partnership by virtue of the partnership agreement/by virtue of general power of 
attorney. 
 
 

Or 
a company and the person signing the tender is the constituted attorney. 
 

NOTE: Delete whatever is not applicable.  All corrections/deletions should invariably be duly 

attested by the person authorized to sign the tender document. 

  
4. We do hereby undertake that until a formal Contract is prepared and executed, 

this bid, together with your written acceptance thereof and placement of letter of 
intent awarding the Contract shall constitute a binding Contract between us. 
 

5. We agree to abide by all the conditions mentioned in this Tender Document 
issued by the  Hartron and also the further conditions of the said Tender Notice 
given in the attached sheets (all the pages of which have been signed by us in 
token  of  acceptance  of  the  terms  mentioned therein). We understand that 
HARTRON is not bound to accept the offer and that HARTRON has the right to 
reject the offer without assigning any reasons whatsoever. 

 
Dated: this _________________ day of ___________2017 

 
 
Signature of Bidder 

 

Details of enclosures: 

 

Name:_________________________ 

Full address:_____________________ 

_______________________________ 

Telephone No.____________________ 

E-mail:_________________________ 

Fax No.________________________ 

 

 

 

 

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 31 of 35 

 

  

 
                                                                                                   Annexure – X 

Affidavit 

(On non-judicial stamp paper of Rs. 10/-) 

I, 

________________________________________________________________S/o 

____________________________________________________________________ 

R/o________________________________________________________________on 

behalf of the entity ___________________________________do hereby solemnly 

and declare as under:- 

 

1. That I hereby confirm that my/our firm/ company M/s 

___________________________________ have not been convicted of any 

non-bail able offence, by any of the courts. 

 
2. That I hereby confirm that my /our firm / company M/s 

____________________________ have not been convicted, or reasonably 

suspected of committing or conniving at the commission of any offence 

under any of the laws applicable in the country. 

 
3. That I hereby confirm and declare that none of my/ our group/sister 

concern / associate company is participating / submitting this tender. 

 
4. That I hereby confirm and declare that my / our firm / company M/s 

___________________ has not been black listed/ de-listed or put on 

holiday by any institutional agencies/ Govt. Deptt./ Public Sector 

Undertaking, in the last Two years. 

 
5. That I hereby confirm and declare that my/ our firm / company M/s 

_____________________We have paid all rents, royalties and all public 

demands such as income-tax, sales tax, GST and all other taxes and 

revenues payable to the Government of India or to the Government of 

any State or to any local authority and that at present there are no 

arrears of such rents, royalties, taxes and revenues due and outstanding 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 32 of 35 

 

  

and that no attachments or warrants have been served on us in respect of 

sales-tax, income-tax, GST, Govt. Revenues and other taxes. 

 
Place: 

Dated:  

     Deponent                  

 

Verification: Verified that the above statement of mine is true and 

correct to the best of my knowledge and belief and nothing has been 

concealed therein. 

 

Deponent 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 33 of 35 

 

  

Annexure-Y 

AFFIDAVIT 

(To be submitted by bidder on non-judicial stamp paper of Rs. 100/-)  

 

Affidavit of Mr. _______________________________________________________                            

S/o_______________________________________________________________R/o 

_____________________________________________________________________ 

I, the deponent above named do hereby solemnly affirm and declare as under: 

 

1. That I am the Proprietor/Authorized signatory of M/s 

______________________________ having its Head Office/Regd. Office at 

_________________________________________. 

2. That the information/documents/Experience certificates submitted by 

M/s _____________________________________ along-with the tender for 

__________________(Name of work)___________________ to the 

Corporation are genuine and true and nothing has been concealed. 

3. I shall have no objection in case the Corporation verified them from 

issuing authority (ies). I shall also have no objection in providing the 

original copy of the document(s), in case the Corporation demands so, for 

verification. 

4. I hereby confirm that in case, any document, information & / or 

certificate submitted by me found to be incorrect / false / fabricated, 

the Corporation at its discretion may disqualify / reject / terminate the 

bid/contract and also forfeit the EMD / All dues. 

5. I shall have no objection in case Corporation verifies any or all Bank 

Guarantee(s) under any of the clause(s) of Contract including those issued 

towards EMD and Performance Guarantee from the Zonal Branch / office 

issuing Bank and I/We shall have no right or claim on my submitted EMD 

before the Corporation receives said verification.  

 

 

 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 34 of 35 

 

  

 

Annexure-Z 

Affidavit 

(On non-judicial stamp paper of Rs.10/-) 

 
I, ________________________________________________________________S/o 

____________________________________________________________________ 

R/o________________________________________________________________on 

behalf of the entity ___________________________________do hereby solemnly 

affirm and declare as under: -  

 
1. That I hereby confirm that my/our firm/ company M/s 

___________________________________ have not been convicted of any 

non-bail able offence, by any of the courts. 

 
2. That I hereby confirm that my /our firm / company M/s 

____________________________ have not been convicted, or reasonably 

suspected of committing or conniving at the commission of any offence 

under any of the laws applicable in the country. 

 
3. That I hereby confirm and declare that none of my/ our group/sister 

concern / associate company is participating / submitting this tender. 

 
4. That I hereby confirm and declare that my / our firm / company M/s 

___________________ has not been black listed/ de-listed or put on 

holiday by any institutional agencies/ Govt. Deptt./ Public Sector 

Undertaking, in the last Two years. 

 
5. That I hereby confirm and declare that my/ our firm / company M/s 

_____________________ has paid all rents, royalties and all public 

demands such as income-tax, sales tax, GST and all other taxes and 

revenues payable to the Government of India or to the Government of 

any State or to any local authority and that at present there are no 

arrears of such rents, royalties, taxes and revenues due and outstanding 



(a state government undertaking/gfj;k.kk ljdkj dk midze½ 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

gfj;k.kk jkT; bySDVªksfuDl fodkl fuxe fyfeVsM 

 Hartron Technology Park, Plot No 25A, Sector -18(Part), Gurugram, Tel: 0124-, 2347040, 2455540, 0172-2560073 
Page 35 of 35 

 

  

and that no attachments or warrants have been served on us in respect of 

sales-tax, income-tax, GST, Govt. Revenues and other taxes. 

 
6. That in the past five years prior to the date of this application, I or any 

principal of the entity has not been deemed to be in default on any 

contract, or have not been forcefully terminated from any contract of 

any Organization. 

 
7. That I hereby confirm and declare that my /our firm / company M/s 

_______________________ has not been blacklisted/ debarred by any 

central, state Government department/organization. 

 
8. That I hereby confirm and declare that my/our firm / company M/s 

________________________ that there has been no litigation with any 

Government department/ organization on account of similar services. 

 
9. That I hereby confirm and declare that my / our firm / company M/s 

_____________________ has not undergone any legal proceedings of 

whatever kind in the past three years. 

 
10. I hereby confirm that in case, any document, information & / or 

certificate submitted by me found to be incorrect / false / fabricated, 

the Corporation at its discretion may disqualify / reject / terminate the 

bid/contract and also forfeit the EMD / All dues.  May take any 

appropriate legal action against me. 

 
Place: 
Dated:           
          Deponent 
 
Verification:  Verified that the above statement of mine is true and correct to 
the best of my knowledge and belief and nothing has been concealed therein. 
 
Place: 
Dated:           
          Deponent  


