






































MUNICIPAL CORPORATION OF GREATER MUMBAI


E-TENDER

FOR

Name of Work: Selection of System Integrator for Network Revamp at 

Various MCGM Offices

STANDARD BID DOCUMENT

 Website: portal.mcgm.gov.in/tenders

Office of: Chief Engineer (Mechanical & Electrical),

Engineering Hub Building, Dr. E. Moses Road,

Worli Naka, Worli, Mumbai- 400 018.

Page | 1



INDEX

SECTION DESCRIPTION PG - NO

1 E-TENDER NOTICE 3-7
2 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 8-11
3 DISCLAIMER 12-14
4 INTRODUCTION 15-17
5 E-TENDER ONLINE SUBMISSION PROCESS 18-21
6 INSTRUCTIONS TO APPLICANTS 22-43
7 SCOPE OF WORK 44-45
8 BILL OF QUANTITIES 46-49
9 GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 50-99

10 SPECIFICATIONS 100-126
11 FRAUD AND CORRUPT PRACTICES 127-130
12 PRE-BID MEETING 131-132
13 LIST OF APPROVED BANKS 133-135
14 APPENDIX 136-152

Page | 2



SECTION 1

E-TENDER NOTICE

Page | 3



MUNICIPAL CORPORATION OF GREATER MUMBAI
Chief Engineer (Mechanical & Electrical)

No. Ch. Eng. / M & E / 2242MC of 20.03.17

e-TENDER NOTICE

(e-tender no. 7100098269)

Subject: Selection of System Integrator for Network Revamp at Various MCGM Offices

The  Municipal  Corporation  of  Greater  Mumbai  (MCGM)  invites  e-tender  to  appoint

Contractor  for  the  aforementioned work  from contractors  of  repute,  multidisciplinary engineering

organizations i.e.  eminent  firm,  Proprietary/Partnership Firms/  Private Limited Companies/  Public

Limited  Companies/Companies  registered  under  the  Indian  companies’  act  2013,  the  contractors

registered with the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai, (MCGM) in M&E category in Class

“AA” under old registration rules ‘1992’, Class “A” as per new registration rules ‘2015 or in

Class  “A” as  per  new registration rules  ‘2016’  and from the  contractors/firms  equivalent  and

superior classes registered in Central or State Government/Semi Govt. Organization/Central or State

Public Sector Undertakings, will be allowed subject to condition that, the contractors who are not

registered with MCGM will have to apply for registering their firm within three months time period

from the award of contract, otherwise their Bid Security i.e. E.M.D (Earnest Money Deposit) will be

forfeited/recovered and an amount equal to Registration Fee of respective class will be recovered as

penalty. 

Bidding Process will comprise of THREE stages. 

The application form can be downloaded from MCGM's portal (http://portal.mcgm.gov.in) on

payment of Rs. 7420/- (Rs. 7000/- + 6.00% VAT). The applicants not registered with MCGM are

mandated to get registered (Vendor Registration) with MCGM for e-tendering process & obtain login

credentials to participate in the online bidding process.

i) To download the application form, for those applicants not having vendor registration, need to

apply first for vendor registration at the office of Account Officer (FAR), 3rd floor, Municipal

Headquarter.

ii) Followed by SRM login ID and password to be obtained from Central Purchase Department

(CPD), Office at Byculla, Bakariadda, Mumbai 

iii) For e-Tendering registration, enrollment for digital signature certificates and user manual,

please refer to respective links provided in ‘Tenders’ tab. Vendors can get digital signature

from  any  one  of  the  Certifying  Authorities  (CA's)  licensed  by  controller  of  certifying

authorities  namely,  Safes  crypt,  IDRBT,  National  informatics  center,  TCS,  CUSTOMS,

MTNL, GNFC and e- Mudhra CA.

Page | 4



Name and location of work Contract period Estimated Cost of Project 

Selection  of  System  Integrator  for
Network Revamp at Various MCGM
Offices

12 Weeks + Five years

CMC
Item Rate Tender

In terms of the 3 stage system of e-tendering, a Bidder will be required to deposit, along with

its Bid, an Earnest Money Deposit  of  Rs. 19,67,000.00 (Rs. Nineteen Lac Sixty Seven Thousand

only) (the "EMD"), refundable in accordance to the relevant clause of bid document, from the Bid

Due Date, except in the case of the selected Bidder whose Bid Security/EMD shall be retained. The

Bidders will have to provide Earnest Money Deposit through the payment gateways while submitting

the bids. The Bid shall be summarily rejected if it is not accompanied by the Earnest Money Deposit.

The e-tender is available on MCGM portal (http://portal.mcgm.gov.in) as mentioned in the Header

Data of the tender.

As per THREE Packet systems, the document for Packet A & B is to be uploaded by the

bidder in vendors’ document online in Packet A, B. Packet A, B & C shall be opened on dates as

mentioned in header data. All the responsive and eligible bidders if they so wish can be present at the

time of opening of bids, in the office of Chief Engineer (M&E). The Packet C shall be opened if bids

submission in Packet A & B satisfies/includes all the requirements and same are found acceptable to

the Authority. 

The Municipal Commissioner reserves the right to reject all or any of the e- tender(s) without

assigning any reasons at any stage. 

The dates and time for submission and opening the bids are as shown in the Header Data. If

there  are  any  changes  in  the  dates  the  same  will  be  displayed  on  the  MCGM  Portal.

(http://portal.mcgm.gov.in)

The  Applicants  interested  for  the  above  referred  works  may  contact  the  Chief  Engr.

(Mechanical and Electrical) at the following address on any working day during office hours. 

Office of: Chief Engr. (M & E), MCGM 

1st Floor, Engineering Hub Building, 

Dr. E. Moses Road, Worli Naka, 

Worli, Mumbai- 400 018,

The applicants may wish to visit the site under reference located at Various Ward offices,

Hospital Etc. Mumbai and can collect the information of the present status from the department who

has invited the bids. 

The MCGM reserves  the  rights  to  accept  any of  the  application  or  reject  any or  all  the

application  received  for  above  works,  without  assigning  any  reasons  thereof.  The  information

regarding above subject matter is available on Website of MCGM. (http://portal.mcgm.gov.in/tenders)

Dy.Ch. E (M&E) P&C

Page | 5

http://portal.mcgm.gov.in/


Header Data

Tender Document No 7100098269

Name of Organization Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai
Subject Selection of System Integrator for Network 

Revamp at Various MCGM Offices

Cost of Tender Rs. 7000.00 + 6% VAT
Cost of E-Tender (Estimated Cost) Item rate tender
Bid Security Deposit/ EMD Rs. 19,67,000.00
Valid Bank Solvency (Validity 6 months only) 60.00 lakhs
Date of issue and sale of tender 21.03.2017 from 11:30 Hrs.
Last date & time for sale of tender & Receipt of 

Bid Security Deposit
19.04.2017 upto12:00 Hrs

Submission of Packet A, B & Packet C(Online) 19.04.2017 upto16:00Hrs

Pre-Bid Meeting 3.04.2017 at 11:00 Hrs in Chamber of DMC(E)

Opening of Packet A 20.04.2017 after 15.00 Hrs
Opening of Packet B 20.04.2017 after 15:02 Hrs.
Opening of Packet C 9.05.2017 after 15:00 Hrs.

Address for communication

Office of the:-
Ch. E. (M & E), MCGM, 1st floor, Engineering 
Hub Building, Dr. E. Moses Road, Worli Naka, 
Worli, Mumbai-400018.

Venue for opening of bid On line in Ch. Eng. (M & E)’s office.

This tender document is not transferable. 

The MCGM reserves  the  rights  to  accept  any of  the  application  or  reject  any or  all  the

application received for above subject without assigning any reason thereof. 

Dy.Ch. E (M&E) P&C

Page | 6



SECTION 2 

ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA

Page | 7



ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA

1.1 Technical Capacity (For Routine Work)

The tenderer(s) in their own name should have satisfactorily executed the work of similar

nature MCGM /Semi Govt. /Govt. & Public Sector Organizations during last seven (7) years ending

last  day of  month  previous to  the  one in  which bids  are  invited as  a  prime  Contractor  (or  as  a

nominated sub-Contractor, where the subcontract had involved similar nature of work as described in

the scope of  works in this  bid document,  provided further that  all  other  qualification criteria  are

satisfied) 

1.   Three similar completed works each of value not less than 3.00 Lakh.

OR

2.   Two similar completed works each of value not less than 3.60 Lakh. 

OR

3.   One similar completed work of value equal and or not less than 5.65 Lakh. 

.

The value of executed works shall be brought to current costing level by enhancing the actual

value of work at compound rate of 10 % per annum; calculated from the date of completion to last

date of receipt of applications for tenders.

1.2 Financial Capacity 

Achieved an average annual financial turnover as certified by ‘Chartered Accountant’ (in all

classes of civil engineering construction works only) equal to 30% of the estimated cost of work in

last three (3) financial years immediately preceding the Financial Year in which bids are invited. 

The value of executed works shall be brought to current costing level by enhancing the actual

value of work at compound rate of 10 % per annum; calculated from the date of completion to last

date of receipt of applications for tenders.

1.3 Similar Experience: 

For  assessing  the  technical  capacity  of  Regular,  Routine  and  Maintenance  works;

Similar  work  shall  mean, the  completed  or  ongoing  works  in  Building  Construction  OR

Building Maintenance such as repairs/retrofitting /structural repairs OR construction/repairs

of Asphalt/ Concrete roads OR laying/rehabilitation of sewer lines along with allied components

OR laying/rehabilitation of water pipe lines in Cast Iron/ M.S. pipes / HDPE/ MDPE pipes OR

repairs/maintenance/  construction  of  culverts  over  nullah. ‘Similar  work’  means  System

Integrator  involving  Active  and  Passive  Networking  Components  (involving  Core  Switches,

Core Routers, Distribution/Access Switches and Structural Cabling, etc.

2.1 Technical Capacity (Project Experience): 

Page | 8



The tenderer(s) in their own name should have satisfactorily executed the work of similar

nature MCGM /Semi Govt. /Govt. & Public Sector Organizations during last seven (7) years ending

last  day of  month  previous to  the  one in  which bids  are  invited as  a  prime  Contractor  (or  as  a

nominated sub-Contractor, where the subcontract had in-volved similar nature of work as described in

the scope of  works in this  bid document,  provided further that  all  other  qualification criteria  are

satisfied) 

a) Three similar completed works or currently executing three works of similar nature each

costing 30% of estimated cost.* 

OR 

b)  Two similar  completed works or currently executing two works of similar nature  each

costing 40% of estimated cost.* 

OR 

c) One completed work or currently executing one work of similar nature of aggregate 60%

of estimated cost.* 

The value of executed works shall be brought to current costing level by enhancing the actual

value of work at compound rate of 10 % per annum; calculated from the date of completion to last

date of receipt of applications for tenders. 

*In case of ongoing works to be considered, the bidder must have received payment bills

of 80% of the contract sum for the work/works executed last day of month previous to the one

in which bids are invited.

2.2 Financial Capacity 

Achieved a average annual financial turnover as certified by ‘Chartered Accountant’ (in all

classes of civil engineering construction works only) equal to 30% of the estimated cost of work in

last three (3) financial years immediately preceding the Financial Year in which bids are invited. 

    To ascertain this, tenderer(s) shall furnish /upload the financial statement (Audited

balance sheet) duly certified by Chartered Accountant. 

    The turnover can be enhanced by 10% every year to bring the present level. 

2.3 Similar work experience:

C) Bid Capacity: 

The bid capacity of the prospective bidders will be calculated as under: 

Assessed Available Bid Capacity = (A* N* 2 - B) 

Where, 

Page | 9



A  = Maximum value of  Civil  Engineering works executed in  any one year  (year  means

Financial year) during the last five years (updated to the price level of the Financial year in which

bids are received at a rate of 10% per year) taking into account the completed as well as works in

progress. 

N = Number of years prescribed for completion of the Project/Works,  excluding monsoon

period, for which these bids are being invited. (E.g. 7 months = 7/12 year) For every intervening

monsoon 0.33 shall be added to N. 

B = Value of existing commitments (only allotted works) on the last date of submission of

bids as per bidding document and on-going works to be completed during the period of completion of

the Project/Works for which these bids are being invited. 

Note: The statement showing the value of existing commitments and on-going works as well

as the stipulated period of completion remaining for each of the works listed should be attached along

with certificates duly signed by the Engineer-in Charge, not below the rank of an Executive Engineer

or equivalent.

Even though the  bidders  meet  the  above  qualifying  criteria,  they  are  subject  to  be

disqualified if they have: 

- made misleading or false representation in the forms, statements and attachments submitted

in proof of the qualification requirements; and/or 

- Record for poor performance such as abandoning the works, not properly completing the

contract, inordinate delays in completion, litigation history, or financial failures etc

Page | 10



Pre qualification criteria 

1) The Bidder must be authorized by OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) of Active 

Networking Components in India.
2) Only one consortium is allowed along with lead bidder. All PQ conditions of lead bidder 

will only be eligible for qualification
3) The OEM for Active Networking Components should be featuring in latest Gartner/IDC 

reports for “Active networking / Ethernet Switching” category
4) The OEM for Active Networking Components should have an established service center 

in Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR) (Mumbai / Thane/ Navi Mumbai)
5) The bidder should have an average annual turnover of Rs. 30 Crores from IT Services / 

System Integration Business (which includes Active and Passive Networking 

Components, maintenance and support) over the last three financial years (FY 2013-14, 

2014-15 and 2015-16). 
6) The bidder should have positive net-worth as of 31/03/2016.
7) The Bidder should have executed at least TWO projects in India, involving Active and

Passive Networking Components (involving Core Switches, Core Routers, 

Distribution/Access Switches and Structural Cabling, etc. with a value of Rs. 10 Crores 

each within last three calendar years from the date of bid publishing. One of such project 

should have supply and installation of at least 450 L2 or L3 switches, as part of single 

purchase order or repeat purchase orders (within a span of 1 year) of the same tender.
8) The bidder must have at least 25 nos. Of technical support staff (employees) on its 

payroll at the time of bidding, that are engaged in IT Infrastructure installation and 

maintenance.
9) The Bidder should possess ISO 9001:2008 valid certificate or latest.

Page | 11



SECTION 3 

DISCLAIMER

Page | 12



DISCLAIMER

The information contained in this e-tender document or provided to Applicant(s), whether

verbally or  in  documentary or  any other  form,  by or  on behalf  of  the  Municipal  Corporation of

Greater Mumbai (MCGM), hereafter also referred as “The Authority “, or any of its employees or

advisors, is provided to Applicant(s) on the terms and conditions set out in this e-tender and such

other terms and conditions subject to which such information is provided. 

This e-tender includes statements, which reflect various assumptions and assessments arrived

at  by  the  Municipal  Corporation  of  Greater  Mumbai  (MCGM)  in  relation  to  the  Project.  Such

assumptions,  assessments  and statements  do  not  purport  to  contain  all  the  information  that  each

Applicant may require. This e-tender may not be appropriate for all persons, and it is not possible for

the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM), its employees or advisers to consider the

investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs of each party who reads or uses this e-

tender. The assumptions, assessments, statements and information contained in this e-tender may not

be  complete,  accurate,  adequate  or  correct.  Each  Applicant  should  therefore,  conduct  its  own

investigations  and analysis  and  should  check the  accuracy,  adequacy,  correctness,  reliability  and

completeness of the assumptions, assessments, statements and information contained in this e-tender

and obtain independent advice from appropriate sources. 

Information provided in this e-tender to the Applicant(s) is on a wide range of matters, some

of which may depend upon interpretation of law. The information given is not intended to be an

exhaustive  account  of  statutory  requirements  and  should  not  be  regarded  as  a  complete  or

authoritative statement of law. The Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) accepts no

responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise for any interpretation or opinion on law expressed here. 

The Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai(MCGM), its employees and advisors make no

representation  or  warranty and shall  have  no  liability  to  any person,  including  any Applicant  or

Bidder,  under  any  law,  statute,  rules  or  regulations  or  tort,  principles  of  restitution  or  unjust

enrichment or otherwise for any loss, damages, cost or expense which may arise from or be incurred

or suffered on account of anything contained in this e-tender or otherwise, including the accuracy,

adequacy,  correctness, completeness or reliability of the e-tender and any assessment, assumption,

statement or information contained therein or deemed to form part of this e-tender or arising in any

way with  pre-qualification  of  Applicants  for  participation  in  the  Bidding  Process.The  Municipal

Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) also accepts no liability of any nature whether resulting

from negligence or otherwise howsoever caused arising from reliance of any Applicant  upon the

statements contained in this e-tender. 

The Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) may, in its absolute discretion but

without  being  under  any  obligation  to  do  so,  update,  amend  or  supplement  the  information,

assessment or assumptions contained in this e-tender. 

The issue of this e-tender does not imply that the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai

(MCGM) is bound to select and short-list pre-qualified Applications for Bid Stage or to appoint the

Page | 13



selected Bidder or Concessionaire, as the case may be, for the Project and the Municipal Corporation

of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) reserves the right to reject all or any of the Applications or Bids without

assigning any reasons whatsoever. 

The  Applicant  shall  bear  all  its  costs  associated  with  or  relating  to  the  preparation  and

submission of its Application including but not limited to preparation, copying, postage, delivery fees,

expenses  associated  with  any  demonstrations  or  presentations  which  may  be  required  by  The

Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) or any other costs incurred in connection with or

relating  to  its  Application.  All  such  costs  and  expenses  will  remain  with  the  Applicant  and  the

Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai(MCGM) shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for

the  same  or  for  any  other  costs  or  other  expenses  incurred  by  an  Applicant  in  preparation  or

submission of the Application, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the Bidding Process.

Page | 14



SECTION 4 

INTRODUCTION

Page | 15



INTRODUCTION

1. Background: 

The  Municipal  Corporation  of  Greater  Mumbai  covers  an  area  of  437.71sq.kms.with  a

population of 1.24 Crores as per census of 2011. The metropolis accounts major portion of India’s

international trade and government’s revenue, from being one of the foremost centers of education,

science and technological research and advancement. 

The Mumbai Metropolis has historic tradition of strong civic activism dedicated to the cause

of a better life for all its citizens. And it’s the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM),

hereafter called the “corporation”, the primary agency responsible for urban governance in Greater

Mumbai. 

MCGM (The Authority) is one of the largest local self-governments in the Asian Continent.

In  observance  of  historic  traditions  of  strong civic  activism,  with  the  change  in  time  and living

conditions to match with the urbanization, MCGM has mainly focused in providing almost all kinds

of engineering services viz, Hydraulics, storm water drain, sewerage, water supply projects, roads,

bridges,  solid  waste  management,  and  environmental  services.  Beside  this,  the  MCGM  is  also

providing dedicated services in various segments such as Health, Primary Education as well as the

construction and maintenance of Public Markets and Slaughter Houses. 

MCGM is  an organization having different  departments,  right  from engineering depts.  to

health depts. Moreover we have other dept. like education, market, fire brigade dept., Octroi and other

such departments where quite a good number of staff members are working. 

Scope of Work: 

The Municipal Commissioner for and on behalf of Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai 

(MCGM), invites bids for the Supply of Active and Passive Networking Components with On site 

Support according to the specifications and bill of quantities in the bid document.

This project envisages the following broad outcomes

(1) Replacement  of  branch  level  switches  &  revamping  of  access  and  distribution  level

networking

(2) Replacement of L2 level switches & revamping of access and distribution level networking

for its head office (MHO)

(3) Integration with MPLS network being provided and managed by FMS, though two ISPs

Page | 16



SECTION 5

E-TENDERING ONLINE

SUBMISSION PROCESS

Page | 17



E-TENDERING ONLINE SUBMISSION PROCESS

The terminology of e-Tendering is solely depending upon policies in existence, guidelines

and  methodology  adopted  since  decades.  The  SRM  is  only  change  in  process  of  accepting  and

evaluation of tenders in addition to manual. The SAP module to be used in this E-tendering is known

as Supplier Relationship Module (SRM).SRM is designed and introduced by ABM Knowledge ware

Ltd. who will assist MCGM in throughout the tendering process for successful implementation. 

NOTE:  This  tendering  process  is  covered  under  Information  Technology ACT & Cyber

Laws as applicable 

(1)  In  e-tendering process  some  of  the  terms  and its  definitions  are  to  be  read  as  under

wherever it reflects in online tendering process. 

Start Date read as “Sale Date” 

End Date read as “Submission Date” 

Supplier read as “Contractor/bidder” 

Vendor read as “Contractor/bidder” 

Vendor Quotation read as “Contractors Bid/Offer” 

Purchaser read as “Department/MCGM” 

I. Before entering in to online tendering process, the contractors should complete the

registration  process  so  as  to  get  User  ID  for  E-tendering  links.  For  this,  the

contractors can access through Supplier registration via MCGM Portal. 

There are two methods for this registration: (II and III) 

II. Transfer from R3 (registered contractors with MCGM) to SRM 

a. Contractors already registered with MCGM will approach to Vendor Transfer

cell. 

b. Submit his details such as (name, vendor code, address, registered Email ID,

pan card etc.) to Vendor transfer cell. 

c. MCGM  authority  for  Vendor  Transfer,  transfers  the  Vendor  to  SRM

application from R3 system to SRM system. 

d. Transferred Vendor receives User ID creation link on his supplied mail Id.

e. Vendor creates  his User  ID and Password for  e-tendering applications by

accessing link sent to his mail ID. 

III. Online Self  Registration (Temporary registration for  applicant  not  registered with

MCGM) 

a. Vendor fills up Self Registration form via accessing MCGM portal. 

Page | 18



b. Vendor  Transfer  cell  (same  as  mentioned  above)  accesses  Supplier

Registration system and accepts the Vendor request. 

c. Accepted Vendor receives User ID creation email with Link on his supplied

mail Id. 

d. Vendor creates his User ID and Password for e-tendering application. 

IV. CONTRACTORS BIDDING: Applicant will Quote and Upload Tender Documents 

1. Access e-tender link of SRM Portal 

2. Log in with User ID and Password 

3. Selects desired Bid Invitation (he wants to bid) 

4. To download tender documents contractors will have to pay online Tender fee.

The same can be done by accessing Pay Tender Fees option. By this one will be

able  to  pay  Tender  fee  through  Payment  Gateway-If  transaction  successful,

Contractors  can  register  his  interest  to  participate.  Without  Registration  one

cannot quote for the Bid/Tender. 

5. Applicant will download Tender Documents from Information from purchaser

tab by accessing Purchaser  document  folder through collaboration ‘C’  folder

link. 

6. Applicant  will  upload  Packet  A  related  and Packet  B  related  Documents  in

Packet  A  and Packet  B  folder respectively by accessing these folders through

“My Notes” Tab and collaboration folder link. 

7. All the documents uploaded have to be digitally signed and saved. Contractors

can procure there digital signature from any certified CA’s in India. 

8. Bid security  deposit/EMD and ASD,  if  applicable,  should  be  paid online as

mentioned in tender. 

9. For commercial details (in Packet C) contractors will fill data in Item Data tab in

Service  Line  Item  via  details  and  quotes  his  “Percentage  Variation”  (i.e.%

quoted) figure.(If entered ‘0’ it will be treated as at par. By default the value is

zero only. 

10. Applicants to check the bid, digitally signs & save and submit his Bid Invitation.

11. Applicants  can  also  save  his  uploaded  documents/commercial  information

without submitting the BID for future editing through ‘HOLD’ option. 

12. Please note that “Hold” action do not submit the Bid. 

13. Applicants will receive confirmation once the Bid is submitted. 

Page | 19



14. Bid creator (MCGM) starts Bid Opening for Packet A after reaching End Date

and Time and Bid Evaluation process starts. 

As per Three Packet  system,  the document for Packet  A & B  are to be uploaded by the

tenderer in 'Vendor's document' online in Packet A & B. Before purchasing/ downloading the tender

copy, tenderer may refer to post- Qualification criteria mentioned in e-Tender Notice. 

The tenderer shall pay the EMD/Bid Security through payment gateways before submission

of Bid and shall upload the screenshot of receipt of payment in Packet ‘A’ instead of paying the EMD

at any of the CFC centers in MCGM Ward Offices. 

The e-tender is available on MCGM portal, http://portal.mcgm.gov.in, as mentioned in the

Header Data of the tender. The tenders duly filled in should be uploaded and submitted online on or

before the end date of submission. The Packet ‘A’, Packet ‘B’ & Packet ‘C’ of the tenderer will be

opened as per the time-table shown in the Header Data in the office of Ch. E. (M & E), MCGM, 1st

floor, Engineering Hub Building, Dr. E. Moses Road, Worli Naka, Worli,Mumbai-400018.

The Municipal Commissioner reserves the right to reject all or any of the e-Tender(s) without

assigning any reason at any stage. The dates and time for submission and opening the tenders are as

shown in the Header Data. If there are any changes in the dates the same will be displayed on the

MCGM Portal (http://portal.mcgm.gov.in).

Page | 20



SECTION 6

INSTRUCTIONS TO APPLICANTS

Page | 21



INSTRUCTIONS TO APPLICANTS

 Scope of Application 

The  Authority  wishes  to  receive  Applications  for  Qualification  in  order  to  SELECT

experienced and capable Applicants for the Bid Stage. 

 Eligibility of Applicants 

The  Municipal  Corporation  of  Greater  Mumbai  (MCGM)  invites  e-tender  to  appoint

Contractor  for  the  aforementioned work  from contractors  of  repute,  multidisciplinary engineering

organizations i.e.  eminent  firm,  Proprietary/Partnership Firms/  Private Limited Companies/  Public

Limited  Companies/Companies  registered  under  the  Indian  companies’  act  2013,  the  contractors

registered with the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai, (MCGM) in the contractors registered

with the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai, (MCGM) in  M&E  category in Class “AA”

under old registration rules ‘1992’, Class “A” as per new registration rules ‘2015 or in Class

“A” as per new registration rules ‘2016’ and from the contractors/firms equivalent and superior

classes registered in Central or State Government/Semi Govt. Organization/Central or State Public

Sector Undertakings, will be allowed subject to condition that, the contractors who are not registered

with MCGM will have to apply for registering their firm within three months’ time period from the

award  of  contract,  otherwise  their  Bid  Security  i.e.  E.M.D  (Earnest  Money  Deposit)  will  be

forfeited/recovered and an amount equal to Registration Fee of respective class will be recovered as

penalty.

To be eligible for pre-qualification and short-listing, an Applicant shall fulfill the following

conditions of eligibility:

1.1 Technical Capacity 

The tenderer(s) in their own name should have satisfactorily executed the work of similar

nature MCGM /Semi Govt. /Govt. & Public Sector Organizations during last seven (7) years ending

last  day of  month  previous to  the  one in  which bids  are  invited as  a  prime  Contractor  (or  as  a

nominated sub-Contractor, where the subcontract had involved similar nature of work as described in

the scope of  works in this  bid document,  provided further that  all  other  qualification criteria  are

satisfied) 

a) Three  similar  completed  works  each  of value not less than the value equal to  20% of

estimated cost put to tender 

Or 

b)  Two  similar  completed  works  each  of value not  less than the value equal  to  25%  of

estimated cost put to tender 

Or 

c)  One similar  completed  work of value equal and or not less than the  40% of estimat-ed

cost put to tender 

Page | 22



The value of executed works shall be brought to current costing level by enhancing the actual

value of work at compound rate of 10 % per annum; calculated from the date of completion to last

date of receipt of applications for tenders. 

1.2 Financial Capacity 

Achieved an average annual financial turnover as certified by ‘Chartered Accountant’ (in all

classes of civil engineering construction works only) equal to 30% of the estimated cost of work in

last three (3) financial years immediately preceding the Financial Year in which bids are invited. 

The value of executed works shall be brought to current costing level by enhancing the actual

value of work at compound rate of 10 % per annum; calculated from the date of completion to last

date of receipt of applications for tenders.

1.3 Similar Experience:

For  assessing  the  technical  capacity  of  Regular,  Routine  and  Maintenance  works;

Similar work shall mean, the completed or ongoing works in Building Construction OR Building

Maintenance such as repairs/retrofitting /structural repairs OR construction/repairs of Asphalt/

Concrete  roads  OR  laying/rehabilitation  of  sewer  lines  along  with  allied  components  OR

laying/rehabilitation  of  water  pipe  lines  in  Cast  Iron/  M.S.  pipes  /  HDPE/  MDPE pipes  OR

repairs/maintenance/  construction of  culverts  over  nullah.  System Integrator  involving Active

and  Passive  Networking  Components  (involving  Core  Switches,  Core  Routers,

Distribution/Access Switches and Structural Cabling, etc.

2.1 Technical Capacity (Project Experience): 

The tenderer(s) in their own name should have satisfactorily executed the work of similar

nature MCGM /Semi Govt. /Govt. & Public Sector Organizations during last seven (7) years ending

last  day of  month  previous to  the  one in  which bids  are  invited as  a  prime  Contractor  (or  as  a

nominated sub-Contractor, where the subcontract had in-volved similar nature of work as described in

the scope of  works in this  bid document,  provided further that  all  other  qualification criteria  are

satisfied) 

a) Three similar completed works or currently executing three works of similar nature each

costing 30% of estimated cost.* 

OR 

b)  Two similar  completed works or currently executing two works of similar nature  each

costing 40% of estimated cost.* 

OR 

c) One completed work or currently executing one work of similar nature of aggregate 60%

of estimated cost.* 

Page | 23



The value of executed works shall be brought to current costing level by enhancing the actual

value of work at compound rate of 10 % per annum; calculated from the date of completion to last

date of receipt of applications for tenders. 

*In case of ongoing works to be considered, the bidder must have received payment bills

of 80% of the contract sum for the work/works executed last day of month previous to the one

in which bids are invited. 

2.2 Financial Capacity 

Achieved a average annual financial turnover as certified by ‘Chartered Accountant’ (in all

classes of civil engineering construction works only) equal to 30% of the estimated cost of work in

last three (3) financial years immediately preceding the Financial Year in which bids are invited. 

    To ascertain this, tenderer(s) shall furnish /upload the financial statement (Audited

balance sheet) duly certified by Chartered Accountant. 

    The turnover can be enhanced by 10% every year to bring the present level. 

C) Bid Capacity: 

The bid capacity of the prospective bidders will be calculated as under: 

Assessed Available Bid Capacity = (A* N* 2 - B) 

Where, 

A  = Maximum value of Civil Engineering works executed in any one year (year means Financial

year) during  the last five years  (updated to the price level of the Financial year in which bids are

received at a rate of 10% per year) taking into account the completed as well as works in progress. 

N = Number of years prescribed for completion of the Project/Works,  excluding monsoon period,

for which these bids are being invited. (E.g. 7 months = 7/12 year) For every intervening monsoon

0.33 shall be added to N. 

B = Value of existing commitments (only allotted works) on the last date of submission of bids as per

bidding  document  and  on-going  works  to  be  completed  during  the  period  of  completion  of  the

Project/Works for which these bids are being invited. 

Note: The statement showing the value of existing commitments and on-going works as well as the

stipulated period of completion remaining for each of the works listed should be attached along with

certificates duly signed by the Engineer-in Charge, not below the rank of an Executive Engineer or

equivalent. 

Even though the bidders meet the above qualifying criteria, they are subject to be disqualified if

they have: 

Page | 24



- made misleading or false representation in the forms, statements and attachments submitted in

proof of the qualification requirements; and/or 

- Record for poor performance such as abandoning the works, not  properly completing the

contract, inordinate delays in completion, litigation history, or financial failures etc 

D. Equipment Capabilities as required for this work 

a) Regular  and Routine  works:  The  successful  bidder  will  make  the  arrangements  of  the

required equipment on the day of commencement or with respect to the progress of the work

in phases, as per the instructions of site in charge. The successful bidder and, to that effect he

will ensure commitment on an undertaking on Rs.500 stamp paper to be submitted along with

the Bid in Packet B. However, this condition in no way shall dilute the respective condition in

Registration Rules of MCGM. 

b)         New and Original Works: The bidder should, undertake their own studies and furnish with

their bid, a detailed construction planning and methodology supported with assessment study

of requirements of equipment/plants & machineries to allow the employer  to review their

proposal. The bidder will ensure his commitment to make the arrangements of the required

equipment on the day of commencement or with respect to the progress of the work in phases,

as  per  the  instructions  of  site  in  charge on an undertaking on Rs.500 stamp paper  to  be

submitted along with the Bid in Packet B. However, this condition in no way shall dilute the

respective condition in Registration Rules of MCGM. 

c)         Special Works: The concerned Ch. Eng. shall enlist the equipments in the tender document

justified for the project and ensure the capacity of the bidder for the same with the approval

of concerned AMC. 

Note: 

1.         Bidders shall submit the undertaking for equipment capability and other undertakings

as such on a single Rs.500/- stamp paper. 

2.         Insistence of availability of equipments/plants at a particular distance from site should not

be made in the tender document.

E. Technical Personnel

(B) General Guidelines for Fixing Requirement of Technical Staff 

Cost of work
(Rs in 
Crore) 

Requirement of Technical Staff Minimum 
Experience(year) 

Designation 

Qualification Number

Page | 25



10 to 20 i)Project Manager 
with degree in 
corresponding 
discipline of 
Engineering 

ii)Graduate Engineer

iii) Graduate 
Engineer 
or 

Diploma 
Engineer 

1

1

2

2

10

5

2

5

Principal Technical 
Representative 

Technical Representative 

Project/Site Engineer and 
Project Planning/ billing 
Engineer 

5 to10 i) Graduate Engineer

ii) Graduate 
Engineer 
or 

Diploma 
Engineer 

1

2

2

5

2

5

Principal Technical 
Representative 

Project/Site Engineer 

Engineer 

More than 
1.5 to 5 

i) Graduate Engineer

ii) Graduate 
Engineer 
or 

Diploma 
Engineer 

1

1

1

5

2

5

Principal Technical 
Representative 

Project/Site Engineer 

Billing Engineer 

Up to1.5 i) Graduate Engineer
or 

Diploma 
Engineer 

1

1

2

5

Principal Technical 
Representative 

Project/Site Engineer/ 
Billing Engineer 

Notes- 1. “Cost of work”, in table above, shall mean the agreement amount of the work. 
2. Rate of recovery in case of non-compliance of the clause be stipulated at following rates:-

Sr.
No

Qualification Experience(years) Rate of Recovery

1 Project Manager with degree 10 Rs.30000/-p.m.
2 Graduate Engineer 5 Rs.25000/-p.m.
3 Graduate Engineer 2 Rs.15000/-p.m.
4 Diploma Engineer 5 Rs.15000/-p.m.

F. TIME PERIOD OF THE PROJECT: 

Entire project should be completed and delivered in 12 weeks SITC+ 5 years CMC of time

from the date of award of contract that includes/excludes Monsoon. 

The time allowed for carrying out the work as entered in the Tender shall be strictly observed

by the Contractor and shall be reckoned from the date on which the Letter of Acceptance is given to

the Contractor. The work shall throughout the stipulated period of the Contract be proceeded with all

due diligence as time being deemed to be the essence of the contract on the part of the Contractor. On

Page | 26



failing to do so, the Contractor shall pay as compensation an amount which shall be governed as per

Clause - 8(e) of Standard General Conditions of Contract. 

The Contractor should complete the work as per phase given below: 

¼ of the work in            .. ¼ of the time 

½ of the work in            .. ½ of the time 

¾ of the work in            .. ¾ of the time 

Full of the work in         .. Full of the time 

Full work will be completed in 12 weeks + Five years including monsoon.

The programme for completion of work shall be a part of the Contract Document in the form

of Bar Chart / GANTT Chart. The Contractor is supposed to carry out the work and keep the progress

as per Bar Chart/GANTT Chart. The Contractor shall complete the work as per the Schedule given in

the Contract and the programme submitted by the Contractor.

G. Contract Execution 

All required documents for execution of the contract shall be submitted within 30 days from

the date of issue of letter of acceptance. If the documents are not submitted within the stipulated time

a penalty of Rs 5000/- per day will be applicable to the contractor. All contract documents need to be

duly  affixed  with  stamp  duty  properly  signed  along  with  evidence/proof  of  payment  of

security/contract deposit/ within 30 days from the date of letter of acceptance received by him 

H. If the amount of the Contract Deposit to be paid above is not paid within 30 days from the

date of issue of Letter of Acceptance, the Tender / Contractor already accepted shall be considered as

cancelled and legal steps be taken against the contractor for recovery of the amounts. 

I.  The amount of Security Deposit retained by the MCGM shall be released after expiry of

period up to which the contractor has agreed to maintain the work in good order is over. In the event

of the contractor failing or neglecting to complete the rectification work within the period up to which

the contractor has agreed to maintain the work in good order, the amount of security deposit retained

by MCGM shall be adjusted to-wards the excess cost incurred by the Department on rectification

work.

The contract  deposit  may  be  allowed in  any  form i.e.  in  cash or  Demand  Draft  or

Government  securities  or fixed deposit  receipts or in the form of Bank guarantee.  (Cicular

MDD/9945 Date 30.01.2017)

J. Action when whole of security deposit is forfeited: 

In any case in which under any Clause of this contract, the contractor shall have rendered

himself liable to pay compensation amounting to the whole of this security deposit whether paid in

one sum or deducted by installments or in the case of abandonment of the work owning to serious

illness  or  death  of  the  contractor  or  any  other  cause,  the  Engineer  on  behalf  of  the  Municipal

Page | 27



Commissioner shall have power to adopt any of the following process, as he may deem best suited to

the interest of MCGM - 

(a) To rescind the contract (for which recession notice in writing to the contractor under the

head of Executive Engineer shall be conclusive evidence) and in that case, the security deposit of the

contract shall stand forfeited and be absolutely at the disposal of MCGM. 

(b) To carry out the work or any part of the work departmentally debiting the contractor with

the cost of the work, expenditure incurred on tools and plant, and charges on additional supervisory

staff including the cost of work-charged establishment employed for getting the un-executed part of

the work completed and crediting him with the value of the work done departmentally in all respects

in the same manner and at the same rates as if it had been carried out by the contractor under the terms

of his contract. The certificate of the Executive Engineer as to the costs and other allied expenses so

incurred and as to the value of the work so done departmentally shall be final and conclusive against

the contractor. 

(c) To order that the work of the contractor be measured up and to take such part thereof as

shall be un-executed out of his hands, and to give it to another contractor to complete, in which case

all expenses incurred on advertisement for fixing a new contracting agency, additional supervisory

staff including the cost of work charged establishment and the cost of the work executed by the new

contract agency will be debited to the contractor and the value of the work done or executed through

the new contractor shall be credited to the contractor in all respects and in the same manner and at the

same  rates  as  if  it  had  been  carried  out  by  the  contractor  under  the  terms  of  his  contract.  The

certificate of the Executive Engineer as to all the cost of the work and other expenses incurred as

aforesaid for or in getting the un-executed work done by the new contractor and as to the value of the

work so done shall be final and conclusive against the contractor. 

In case the contract shall be rescinded under Clause (a) above, the contractor shall not be

entitled to recover or be paid any sum for any work there for actually performed by him under this

contract unless and until the Executive Engineer shall have certified in writing the performance of

such work and the amount payable to him in respect thereof and he shall only be entitled to be paid

the amount so certified. In the event of either of the courses referred to in Clause (b) or (c) being

adopted and the cost of the work executed departmentally or through a new contractor and other allied

expenses exceeding the value of such work credited to the contractors amount of excess shall  be

deducted  from  any  money  due  to  the  contractor,  by  MCGM  under  the  contract  or  otherwise,

howsoever, or from his security deposit or the sale proceeds thereof provided, however, the contractor

shall have no claim against MCGM even if the certified value of the work done departmentally or

through a new contractor exceeds the certified cost of such work and allied expenses, provided always

that whichever of the three courses mentioned in clauses (a), (b) or (c) is adopted by the Executive

Engineer, the contractor shall have no claim to compensation for any loss sustained by him by reason

of his having purchase or procured any materials or entered in to any engagements  or made any

advance on account of or with a view to the execution of the work or the performance of the contract. 

Page | 28



K. Contract may be rescinded and security deposit forfeited for bribing a public officer

or if contractor becomes insolvent 

If the contractor assigns or sublets his contracts or attempt so to do, or become insolvent or

commence any proceeding to get himself adjudicated and insolvent or make any composition with his

creditors, or attempt so to do or if bribe, gratuity, gift, loan, perquisite, reward or advantage, pecuniary

or otherwise, shall either directly or indirectly be given promised or offered by the contractor or any

of his servants or agents through any public officer, or person in the employ of MCGM/Govt. in any

way relating to his office or employment, or if any such officer or person shall become in any way

directly or indirectly interested in the contract the Engineer In-charge may thereupon, by notice in

writing rescind the contract and the Security Deposit of the Contractor shall thereupon stand forfeited

and be absolutely at the disposal of MCGM and the same consequences shall ensure as if the contract

had been rescinded under above clause J hereof; and in addition the contractor shall not be entitled to

recover or be paid for any work therefore actually performed under the contract.

Page | 29



 Submission of Tenders 

PACKET – A

The Packet ‘A’ shall contain scanned certified copies of the following documents-

Scrutiny of this  packet will  be done strictly with reference to only the scanned copies of

Documents uploaded online in packet ‘A’ 

a)  Valid Registration Certificate. 

b) Valid  Bank  Solvency  Certificate  of  Minimum  Solvency  amount  as  governed  by

Registration Rules in force for respective Class of Contractor for Civil  and M&E

works. 

c) A document in support of Registration under Maharashtra ‘VAT’ Act 2002. Sales

Tax Registration Certificate in Maharashtra (or equivalent requirement under VAT).

Those not registered in Maharashtra shall submit an undertaking to the effect that if

they are successful tenderer, they shall submit Sales Tax Registration Certificate in

Maharashtra within 15 days of issue of work order, failing which payment for the

work executed will not be released. 

d) Certified  copies  of  valid  'PAN'  documents  and  photographs  of  the  individuals,

owners,  Karta  of  Hindu  undivided  Family,  firms,  private  limited  companies,

registered  co-operative  societies,  partners  of  partnership  firms  and  at  least  two

Directors,  if  number  of  Directors  are  more  than  two  in  case  of  Private  Limited

Companies, as the case may be. However, in case of Public Limited companies, Semi

Government Undertakings, Government Undertakings, no 'PAN' documents will be

insisted. 

e) Latest  Partnership  Deed  in  case  of  Partnership  firm  duly  registered  with  Chief

Accountant (Treasury) of MCGM. 

The bidders shall categorically provide their Email-ID in packet ‘A’. 

NOTE: 

 If the tenderer(s) withdraw tender offer during the tender validity period, his entire

E.M.D shall be forfeited. 

 If it is found that the tenderer has not submitted required documents in Packet “A”

then, the shortfalls will be communicated to the tenderer  through e-mail only and

compliance  required  to  be  made  within  a  time  period  of  three  working  days

otherwise they will be treated as non-responsive. 

Page | 30



PACKET – B

The Packet ‘B’ shall contain scanned certified copies of the following documents – 

a) The  list  of  similar  type  of  works  as  stated  in  para  ‘A’  of  Post  qualification

successfully completed during the last five years in prescribed proforma, in the role

of prime contractor. Information furnished in the prescribed proforma (Proforma – I)

shall be supported by the certificate duly self-attested. Documents stating that it has

successfully completed during the last five years at least one contract of similar works

as stated in para ‘A’ of Post qualification. 

b) Annual  financial  turnover  for  preceding  three  financial  years  as  certified  by

Chartered  Accountant  preceding  the  Financial  Year  in  which  bids  are  invited.

Copies of Applicants duly audited balance sheet and profit and loss account for

the preceding three financial years preceding the Financial Year in which bids

are invited. (Proforma – II) 

c) Documents stating that, it has access to or has available liquid assets, unencumbered

assets,  lines  of  credit  and  other  financial  means  (independent  of  any  contractual

advance payment) sufficient to meet the construction cash flow requirements for the

subject contract in the event of stoppage, start-up, or other delay in payment, of the

minimum 15% of the cost of the work tendered for, net of the tenderer's commitment

of  other  contracts  (Certificate  from Bankers  /  C.A./Financial  Institution  shall  be

accepted as a evidence). 

d) The bidder shall  give undertaking on Rs 500/-stamp paper that  it  is his/their  sole

responsibility to arrange the required machineries either owned/on lease or hire basis,

at site before start of the work 

i) Regular and Routine works: The successful bidder shall make the arrangements of the

required equipment  on the day of commencement  or with respect  to the progress of the work in

phases, as per the instructions of site in charge. The successful bidder and, to that effect he will ensure

commitment on an undertaking on Rs.500 stamp paper to be submitted along with the Bid in Packet

B. However, this condition in no way shall dilute the respective condition in Registration Rules of

MCGM. 

ii) New and Original Works: The bidder should, undertake their own studies and furnish

with their bid, a detailed construction planning and methodology sup-ported with assessment study

of requirements of equipment/plants & machineries to allow the employer to review their proposal.

The bidder shall ensure his commitment to make the arrangements of the required equipment on the

day of commencement or with respect to the progress of the work in phases, as per the instructions of

site in charge on an undertaking on Rs.500 stamp paper to be sub-mitted along with the Bid in Packet

Page | 31



B. However, this condition in no way shall dilute the respective condition in Registration Rules of

MCGM. 

iii)  Special  Works:  The  concerned  Ch.Eng.  shall  enlist  the  equipments  in  the  tender

document  justified  for  the  project  and  ensure  the  capacity  of  the  bidder  for  the  same  with  the

approval of concerned AMC. 

iv) Details of works in hand (Proforma VI-A & VI-B) (original), along with copies of work

orders & attested copies of percentage of works completed or part thereof. 

v) Statement showing assessed available Bid Capacity. 

vi) The undertaking of Rs.500/- stamp paper as per the proforma annexed in ‘Annexure B &

       C’ 

Note:  Bidders  shall  submit  the  undertaking  for  equipment  capability  and  other

undertakings as such on a single Rs.500/- stamp paper. 

vii) The tenderers shall upload work plan as per the following outline: 

1.   GANTT chart/ PERT/ CPM chart showing the completion of work within prescribed

time period, considering major activities. 

2.   Organizational set up envisaged by the contractors. 

3.   Plant & equipment proposed to be deployed for this work. 

4 .  Site Offices and Laboratories proposed to be set up. 

5.   A  note  on  how  the  whole  work  will  be  carried  out  (work  plan  including

methodology). 

6. Quality management plan. 

7. All the activities included in the Scope of Work shall be covered in the work plan. 

Note: 

i.  The Electrical / Mechanical work shall be got carried out by the civil contractors through

the  contractors  registered  with  MCGM  in  Electrical  Category.  Information  about  the  registered

contractors shall be obtained from the office of the Ch.E. (M&E) / E.E. (Monitoring & Registration

Cell).  Attested  scanned  copy  of  the  valid  registration  certificate  in  Electrical  Category  shall  be

uploaded with the tender along with the undertaking from the registered Electrical Contractor stating

his willingness to carry out the tender work. 

ii. The successful bidder shall submit valid registration certificate under E.S.I.C., Act 1948, if

the tenderer has more than 10 employees /persons on his establishment (in case of production by use

of  energy)  and 20 employees/persons on his establishment  (in  case  of  production without  use  of

energy) to MCGM as and when demanded. In case of less employees/persons mentioned above then

Page | 32



the  successful  bidder has to submit  an undertaking to  that  effect  on Rs.  200 stamp paper  as  per

circular u/no. CA/FRD/I/65 of 30.03.2013. 

iii. The successful bidder shall submit valid registration certificate under E.P.F. & M.P., Act

1952, if tenderer has more than 20 employees/persons on his establishment, to MCGM as and when

demanded.  In case if  the successful  bidder has less employees/persons mentioned above then the

successful bidder has to submit an undertaking to that effect on Rs. 200 stamp paper as per circular

u/no. CA/FRD/I/44 of 04.01.2013. 

Note: 

 If it is found that the tenderer has not submitted required documents in Packet “B” then,

the shortfalls will be communicated to the tenderer through e-mail only and compliance

required to be made within a time period of three working days otherwise they will be

treated as non-responsive. 

PACKET – C

a. Online tender filled in either percentage plus or minus (above or below), or at par. (There is

no separate provision to quote % in physical form, this is a part in Header Data of online Tendering).

For Packet ‘C’ tenderer(s) will fill data in ‘Item Data Tab’ in Service Line Item via Details and quotes

his percentage variation figures. (If entered ‘0’ it will be treated as ‘at par’. By default the value is

zero only). 

Note: In case of rebate/premium of 15% and above as quoted by the tenderer, the rate

analysis of major items shall be submitted by L1 and L2 bidder after demand notification by e-

mail to bidders by concerned Dy. Ch. Eng. The format for rate analysis is annexed at Annexure

D. 

BID SECURITY OR EMD

 The Bidder shall furnish, as part of the Bid, Bid Security/EMD, in the amount specified in

the Bid Data Sheet. This bid security shall be in favor of the authority mentioned in the

Bid Data Sheet and shall be valid till the validity of the bid. 

 The tenderers shall  pay the EMD online instead paying  the EMD at  any of the CFC

centres in MCGM Ward Offices. 

 Any bid not accompanied by an acceptable Bid Security and not secured as indicated in

sub-clause mentioned above, shall be rejected by the Employer as non-responsive. 

 The Bid Security of the successful Bidder will be discharged when the Bidder has signed

the Agreement and furnished the required Security Deposits. 

Page | 33



 The Bid Security/ EMD of L-3 and bidder shall be refunded immediately after open-ing

of financial bid but, the EMD/ASD submitted by the L-2 bidder will be returned after

obtaining Standing Committee Resolution. 

 The Bid Security may be forfeited: 

a. if the Bidder withdraws the Bid after bid opening (opening of technical qualification

part of the bid during the period of Bid validity; 

b. in the case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails within the specified time limit to:

i. sign the Agreement; and/or 

ii. Furnish the required Security Deposits. 

1. The  cases  wherein  if  the  shortfalls  are  not  complied  by  a  contractor,  will  be  informed  to

Registration  and  Monitoring  Cell.  Such  non-submission  of  documents  will  be  considered  as

‘Intentional Avoidance’ and if three or more cases in 12 months are re-ported, shall be viewed

seriously and disciplinary action against the defaulters such as banning/de-registration, etc. shall

be taken by the registration cell with due approval of the concerned AMC. 

2. No rejections and forfeiture shall be done in case of curable defects. For non-curable defects the

10% of EMD shall be forfeited and bid will be liable for rejection. 

Note: 

I. Curable Defect shall mean shortfalls in submission such as: 

a. Non-submission of following documents, 

i. Valid Registration Certificate 

ii. Valid Bank Solvency 

iii. Sales Tax Registration Certificate (VAT) 

iv. Certified Copies of PAN documents and photographs of indi-viduals, owners, etc 

v. Partnership Deed and any other documents 

vi. Undertakings as mentioned in the tender document. 

b. Wrong calculation of Bid Capacity, 

c. No proper submission of experience certificates and other documents, etc. 

II. Non-curable Defect shall mean 

a. In-adequate submission of EMD/ASD amount, 

b. In-adequacy of technical  and financial  capacity with respect to Eligibility criteria as

stipulated in the tender. 

Page | 34



BID VALIDITY

 Bids shall remain valid for a period of not less than one eighty (180) days after the

deadline date for bid submission specified in Bid Data Sheet. A bid valid for a shorter

period shall be rejected by the Employer as non-responsive. 

 In exceptional circumstances, prior to expiry of the original time limit, the Employer may

request that the bidders may extend the period of validity for a specified additional period.

The request and the bidders’ responses shall be made in writing or by cable. A bidder may

refuse the request without forfeiting his Bid Security. A bidder agreeing to the re-quest will

not be required or permitted to modify his bid, but will be required to extend the validity of

his bid security for a period of the extension. 

DEFECT LIABILITY PERIOD

    The Contractor is expected to carry out the construction work in Workmen like manner so as

to meet the requirement and specification for the project. It is expected that the Workmanship

and materials will be reasonably fit for the purpose for which they are required. 

    Defects or defective work is where standard and quality of workmanship and materials as

specified in the contract is deficient. Defect is defined as a failure of the completed project to

satisfy the express or implied quality or quantity obligations of the construction contract.

Defective construction works are as the works which fail short of complying with the express

descriptions or requirements of the contract, especially any drawings or specifications with

any  implied  terms  and  conditions  as  to  its  quality,  workmanship,  durability,  aesthetic,

performance or design. Defects in construction projects are attributable to various reasons. 

    Some of the defects are structural defects results in cracks or collapse of faulty defective

plumbing, inadequate or faulty drainage system, inadequate or faulty ventilation, cooling or

heating systems,  inadequate fire systems etc. The defects could be various on accounts of

different reasons for variety of the projects. 

    The Engineering In charge/Project Officer shall issue the practical completion certificate for

the project. During the Defect Liability Period which commences on completion of the work,

the Engineering In charge shall inform or the contractor is expected to be informed of any

defective  works  by  the  Employer’s  representative  of  the  defects  and  make  good  at

contractor’s cost with an intention of giving opportunity to the contractor of making good the

defects appeared during that period.  It  is the contractor’s obligation under the contract  to

rectify the defects that appear during Defect Liability Period and the contractor shall within a

reasonable time after receipt of such instructions comply with the same at his own cost. The

Engineering In charge/Project Officer shall issue a certificate to that effect and completion of

making good defects shall be deemed for all the purpose of this contract to have taken place

on the day named in such defect liability certificate. 

Page | 35



    If defective work or workmanship or design have been knowingly covered-up or conceived so

as to constitute fraud, commencement of the Defect Liability Period may be delayed. The

decided period may be delayed until discover actually occurs on at least the defect could have

been discovered with reasonable diligence, whichever is earlier. 

    The DLP shall be as below: 

Dept Type of works DLP 
Roads / Bridge For cement concrete road/ 

Mastic works 
5 years 

Asphalt work 3 years 
Paver Block 3 years 
Structural work 5 years 
General works 5 years 

BM/SIC/HIC General works 3 years 
Structural works 5 years 
Waterproofing works 5 years 

Ward Works All ward level works 2 years 
Other Works Pot holes and pre-monsoon

bad patch repair work 
1 year 

For other 
departments 

HE, WSP, SP, SWD, 
Garden 

3 years 

M & E 
Department

System Integrator for 
Network Revamp at Various 
MCGM Offices

5 Years
Comprehensive
on site 
warranty and 
support

    Also, in case of defect, the Engineer shall give notice to the Contractor of any Defects before

the end of the Defects Liability Period, which begins at. The Defects Liability Period shall be

extended for as long as Defects remain to be corrected. Every time notice of Defect/Defects is

given, the Contractor shall  correct the notified Defect/Defects within the duration of time

specified by the Engineer’s notice. The Engineer may issue notice to the Contractor to carry

out removal  of defects or deficiencies, if  any,  noticed in his inspection, or brought to his

notice. The Contractor shall remove the defects and deficiencies within the period specified in

the notice and submit to the Engineer a compliance report. 

    It is the Completion Stage when the contractor has completed all of the works and fixed all of

the  defects  that  were  on the  list  of  issue  by Engineer-in-charge.  When  this  happens,  the

engineer must issue a ‘Certificate of Completion’. On the issue of ‘Certificate of Completion’,

the ‘Defect Liability Period ‘starts. The contractor also must issue a ‘Certificate statement’ as

an  acknowledgment  to  the  engineer  not  later  than  14  days  after  the  ‘Certificate  of

Completion’ has been issued. During the ‘Defect Liability Period’, the contractor has to obey

all written instructions from the engineer to carryout repairs and fix any defects which appear

in the Permanent Works. If the contractor does not ,due to his own faults finish the repair

Page | 36



works or fix the defects by the end of ‘Defect Liability Period’, the ‘Defect Liability Period’

will continue until all works instructed by engineer is done. 

As per details in technical specification

SECURITY DEPOSIT AND PERFOMANCE GUARANTEE

A. Security Deposit 

The security deposit shall mean and comprise of 

I. Contract Deposit and 

II. Retention Money. 

I. Contract Deposit – The successful tender, here after referred to as the contractor shall pay an

amount equal to two (2) percent of the contract sum shall be paid within thirty days from the

date of issue of letter of acceptance. 

II. Retention Money – The contractor shall pay the retention money an amount equal to five (5)

percent  of  the Contract  Sum which will  be recovered from the contractors  every bill  i.e.

interim / running / final bill. The clause of retention money will not be applicable to M. &

E. Department. 

B.  Additional Security Deposit 

The additional security deposit will be applicable when a rebate of more than of 12 % at the rate of

with no maximum limit. The ASD is calculated as follows: 

Additional security deposit = (X/100) x office estimated cost, 

Where X=percentage rebate quoted above 12% 

The ASD shall be paid online in the ASD tab for bidders in e-tendering system before submission of

the bid.

C.  Performance Guarantee 

The successful tender, here after referred to as the contractor shall pay in the form of “Performance

Guarantee” at different rates for different slabs as stated below:

Offer PG applicable % 
For premium, at par and rebate 
0 to 12% 

PG= 0.92% x contract sum 
applicable for rebate of 12% 

For rebate of 12.01% P.G. = {0.92% x contract sum 
applicable for rebate of 12%} +
(X) x contract sum 
where 
X= percentage rebate quoted 
more than 12% 

Page | 37



Note: Contract sum shall mean amount after application of rebate/premium as quoted by the

contractor with contingencies only and excluding price variation. 

The PG shall be paid in one the following forms. 

i. Cash (In case guarantee amount is less than Rs.10,000/- 

ii. Demand Draft (In case guarantee amount is less than Rs.1,00,000/-) 

iii. Government securities 

iv. Fixed Deposit Receipts (FDR) of a Schedule Bank. 

v. An electronically issued irrevocable bank guarantee bond of any Schedule bank or f in the

prescribed form given in Annexure. 

Performance Guarantee is applicable over and above the clause of Security Deposit.  Performance

Guarantee will have to be paid & shall be valid till the defect liability period or finalization of final

bill whichever is later. 

This deposit will be allowed in the form of I to V as mentioned above and shall be paid within 15 days

after receipt of Letter of Acceptance. 

Note: Following exceptions shall be adopted for ‘Demolition Tenders’: 

 Irrespective of the offer (Rebate/ at par/ premium), ASD shall be differed and only PG of 10%
of contract sum be taken from the successful bidder on award of contract only. 

 MCGM departments shall  ensure to incorporate specific condition regarding above in bid
document and e-tender notice.

D) Refund of Security Deposit 

I. Refund of Contract Deposit 

The Contract Deposit shall be released within 30 days after completion of 3rd year of DLP (in

case of 5 years DLP) and after issue of ‘Defect Liability Certificate’ (in case of 1 or 2 or 3

years DLP) subject  to no recoveries are pending against  the said work,  provided that  the

Engineer is satisfied that there is no demand outstanding against the Contractor. No claim

shall  be  made  against  the  Balance  Contract  Deposit  after  the  issue  of  Defects  Liability

Certificate. 

II. Refund of Retention Money 

One-half  (50%)of  the  Retention  Money  shall  be  released  within  30  days  of  issue  of

‘Certificate of Completion’ with respect to the whole of the Works. In the event the Engineer

issues a Taking-over Certificate for a section or part  of  the Permanent  Works,  only such

proposition thereof as the Engineer determines (having regard to the relative value of such

section  or  part  of  the  Works)  shall  be  considered  by  the  Engineer  for  payment  to  the

Contractor. 

Page | 38



The balance Retention Money shall be released within 30 days after completion of 3rd year of

DLP (in case of 5 years DLP) and after issue of ‘Defect Liability Certificate’ (in case of 1 or 2

or 3 years DLP) provided that the Engineer is satisfied that there is no demand outstanding

against the Contractor. In the event of different Defects Liability Periods have been specified

or become applicable to different sections or parts of the Permanent Works, the said moneys

will be released within 30 days on expiration of the latest of such Defects Liability Periods. 

Payment of the above mentioned 50% is exclusive of the amounts to be withheld as stated in

and that amount shall be paid as per condition stated therein. 

III. Refund of Additional Security Deposit 

The additional security deposit shall be released within 30 days of issue of ‘Certificate of

Completion’  with respect  to  the  whole  of  the  Works.  In  the  event  the  Engineer  issues  a

Taking-over Certificate for a section or part of the Permanent Works, only such proposition

thereof as the Engineer determines (having regard to the relative value of such section or part

of the Works) shall be considered by the Engineer for payment to the Contractor.

IV. Refund of Performance Guarantee 

The  Deposit  on  account  of  performance  guarantee  shall  be  released  within  30  days  of

completion of Defects Liability Certificate subject finalization of final bill whichever is later

and no recoveries are pending against the said work, provided that the Engineer is satisfied

that there is no demand outstanding against the Contractor.

 Summary of time of Refund of deposit is tabulated as follows: 

a. Time of Refund for works having 5 years  DLP Comprehensive on site warranty

and support

Deposits refunded after 
completion 

After 3 yrs of DLP 
Comprehensive on 
site warranty and 
support

After Completion of 
DLP Comprehensive 
on site warranty and
support

ASD + 50% of RM CD+50% of RM PG 

b.  Time of Refund for works having 1 or 2 or 3 years DLP 

Deposits refunded after completion After Completion of DLP 

ASD + 50% of RM CD+50% of RM+PG 

Page | 39



*Note: 

a) It shall be clearly mentioned that the BG shall be applicable for individual work/contract and

clubbing of various contracts of the said contractor will not be allowed. In case of obtaining

Bank Guarantee, it is necessary to mention that the same shall be valid further 6 months from

the completion of defect liability period/ warranty period. 

b) It  shall  be  the  responsibility  of  the  bidder  to  keep  the  submitted  B.G.  “VALID”  for  the

stipulated time period in the tender & in case of its expiry it will attract penalization. 

c) Bank Guarantee should be issued by way of General Undertaking and Guarantee issued on

behalf of the Contractor by any of the Nationalized or Scheduled banks or branches of foreign

banks operating under Reserve Bank of India regulations located in Mumbai up to Virar &

Kalyan. List of approved Banks is appended at the end of Instructions to Bidders (ITB). The

Bank Guarantee issued by branches of approved Banks beyond Kalyan and Virar can be

accepted only if the said Bank Guarantee is countersigned by the Manager of a Regional

Branch of the same bank within the Mumbai City Limit categorically endorsing thereon that

the said Bank Guarantee is binding on the endorsing Branch of the Bank or the Bank itself

within Mumbai Limits and is liable to be enforced against the said Branch of the Bank or the

bank itself in case of default by the Contractors furnishing the Bank Guarantee. The Bank

Guarantee shall be renewed as and when required and/or directed from time to time until the

Contractor has executed and completed the works and remedied any defects therein. 

E) Legal + Stationary Charges: (As per applicable circular) 

Successful tender shall pay the Legal Charges +Stationary charges as per Circular no CA/FRG/38 dtd.

21.12.2015

Contract Value Legal+ Stationery 
Charges 

Up to Rs. 3,00,000/- To Rs. Nil

from Rs. 3,00,001/- To Rs. 20,00,000/- Rs. 680 
from Rs. 20,00,001/- To Rs. 1,00,00,000/- Rs. 2670/- 
from Rs. 1,00,00,001/- To Rs. Any amount Rs. 6660/- 

(Maximum) 

The  tenderers  are  requested  to  note  that  stationary  charges  as  given  in  the  table  above  will  be

recovered  from  the  successful  tenderer  for  supply  of  requisite  prescribed  forms  for  preparing

certificate bills in respect of the work. 

F) Stamp Duty: (As per applicable circular) 

It shall be incumbent on the successful tenderer to pay stamp duty on the contract. 

i. As per the provision made in Article 63, Schedule I of Bombay Stamp Act 1958, stamp duty

is payable for “works contract” that is to say,  a contract for works and labour or services

Page | 40



volving  transfer  of  property  in  goods  (whether  as  goods  or  in  some  other  form)  in  its

execution and includes a sub-contract, as under : 

(a) Where the amount or value 
set forth in such contract 
does not exceed rupees ten 
lakhs. 

Five Hundred rupees stamp duty 

(b) Where it exceeds rupees ten
lakhs 

Five hundred rupees plus 0.1% of the 
amount above rupees ten lakh subject to 
maximum of rupees twenty five lakh 
stamp duty. 

ii. The successful bidder shall enter into a contract agreement with M.C.G.M. within 30 days

from the date of issue of Work Order and the same should be adjudicated for payment of

Stamp Duty by the successful bidder. 

iii. Further shortfall if any, in amount of stamp duty paid as against prescribed amount for the

documents executed in Mumbai City & Mumbai Suburban District be recovered from the

concerned work contractors and to deposit the deficit or unpaid Stamp Duty and penalty by

two separate Demand Draft or Pay Order in favour of “Superintendent of Stamp, Mumbai”

within 15 days from intimation thereof. 

iv. All  legal  charges  and incidental  expenses  in  this  respect  shall  be  borne and paid  by the

successful tenderer. 

Stamp Duty is payable on BG – Minimum ₹ 500/- or 0.5% of total BG amount.

IMPORTANT DIRECTIONS

1. All the information uploaded shall be supported by the corroborative documents in absence of

which  the  information  uploaded  will  be  considered  as  baseless  and  not  accepted  for

qualification criteria. All the documents shall be uploaded with proper pagination. The page

No. shall be properly mentioned in the relevant places. 

The information shall be uploaded in the sequence as asked for with proper indexing etc. The

Bidder shall be fully responsible for the correctness of the information uploaded by him. 

2. Applicants/Bidders  shall  refer  portal.mcgm.gov.in\tenders  for  “The  Manual  of  Bid-

Submission  for  Percentage  Rate/Item Rate  Tender  Document.”  The  detail  guidelines  for

creation and submission of bid are available in the referred document. 

Any  queries  or  request  for  additional  information  concerning  this  TENDER  shall  be

submitted by e-mail to …………………………. The subject shall clearly bear the following

identification/  title:  "Queries/  Request  for  Additional  Information:  TENDER  for

………………………………………………………..Any  changes  in  mail  ID  will  be

intimated on the portal. 

Page | 41



3. In case of Equal Percentage of lowest bidders (L1), the allotment of work shall be done by

giving  48  hrs  (2  working  days)  from the  day  of  opening  of  packet  C  on  same  BID-

Document number for re-quoting and such development needs to done by IT department in

MCGM’s SRM system. Till such development is made; ‘Sealed Bids’ shall be called from

the bidders quoting the same rates i.e. L1. 

In case of  equal  percentage of lowest  bidders is  obtained even after  re-quoting,  then the

successful bidder will be decided by lottery system by concerned Ch. Eng. 

The bidder shall need to submit the additional ASD if applicable within 7 days after receipt of

notification issued by concerned Chief Engineer. 

Also,  the  Performance  Guarantee  shall  be  paid  in  15  days  after  receipt  of  Letter  of

Acceptance.

Page | 42



SECTION 7

SCOPE OF WORK

Page | 43



Scope of Work

7.1)  Project Objective
The Municipal Commissioner for and on behalf of Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai 
(MCGM), invites bids for the Supply of Active and Passive Networking Components with Onsite 
Support according to the specifications and bill of quantities in the bid document.
This project envisages the following broad outcomes

1) Replacement  of  branch  level  switches  &  revamping  of  access  and  distribution  level
networking.

2) Replacement  of  L2  level  switches  &  revamping  of  access  and  distribution  level
networking for its head office (MHO)

3) Integration with MPLS network being provided and managed by FMS, though two ISPs
7.2)    Summary of Scope
MCGM’s current network comprises of Network equipment from Cisco and HP OEMs, majority of 
which has reached End of Life and/or End-of-Support. Also, the Current FMS Vendor is 
implementing MPLS network.
Sr No Project Objectives Broad scope/ Network Equipment
1 Replacement of branch level switches Installation and configuration of distribution and 

access switching, structured cabling, ensuring 
smooth connectivity at end user level

2 Revamping of Access and Distribution level 
networking for its head office (MHO)

Installation and configuration of distribution and 
access switching, structured cabling, ensuring 
smooth connectivity at end user level

3 Integration with MPLS network being 
provided and managed by FMS, though two 
ISPs

Ensuring seamless integration with MPLS 
network connectivity  for redundancy and network
load balancing

Network Equipment:

For various MCGM offices and MHO
1 L2 Switch - 24 GE Ports 
2 Transreceiver ( Muiti Mode )
3 Transreceiver ( Single Mode )
4 Transreceiver ( RJ 45 )
5 CAT 6 Cable per mtr

6 24 Ports Patch Panel

7 I/O Cat 6 Points

8 RJ 45 Connectors Dual information outlet with dual port SMB having 
shutter facility

9 CAT 6 Patch Cords 1 mtr

10 CAT 6 Patch Cords 2 mtr

11 CAT 6 Patch Cords 3 mtr

12 Media Convertor

13 Single Mode Fiber Optics Connector LC/SC ( SM )

14 Single Mode Fiber Patch Cord LC to LC/SC 3 mtr

15 Single Mode Fiber Patch Cord LC to LC/SC 10 mtr

16 Single Mode Fiber Patch Cord LC to LC/SC 20 mtr

17 Light Interface Unit (LIU) 24 Fiber Wall Mount

18 Pigtail LC MM

19 Cassing Capping 2 mtr (30x12)

20 Cassing Capping 1 mtr (25x12)

21 2 C Class GI Pipe mtr (50 mm)

22 1 C Class GI Pipe mtr (25 mm)

Page | 44



23 6 core Fiber Optics Cable  mtr

24 Optical Fiber Connectors LC/SC (MM)

25 Fiber Duplex Patch Cords LC to LC/SC (MM) 3mtr

26 Fiber Duplex Patch Cords LC to LC/SC (MM) 10mtr

27 Fiber Duplex Patch Cords LC to LC/SC (MM) 20mtr

28 9 U Wall Mount Rack with all necessary accessories

29 18 U Wall Mount Rack with all necessary accessories

30 1 KVA UPS with 30 min backup
31 2/3 pin independent plug point

Notes:
a. Bidders  shall  carry  out  site  survey,  for  better  understanding  of  the  existing
environment.
b. Bidder  shall  ensure  that  the  equipment/components/solution  offered  in  this  RFP
should be able to integrate with all the existing IT Infrastructures at MCGM integration.

Page | 45



SECTION 8

BILL OF QUANTITIES

Page | 46



Sr.
No.

Fair Item Short Description Qty Unit

1 IT- RV-1 L2 Switch - 24 GE Ports 1000 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

2 IT- RV-2 Transreceiver ( Multi Mode ) 100 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

3 IT- RV-3 Transreceiver ( Single Mode ) 100 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

4 IT- RV-4 Transreceiver ( RJ 45 ) 100 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

5 Me-12-4-b Cat 6 Gigabyte 650000 Mtr To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

6 Me-12-9-j 24 port patch panel
(SP-ME-TS-85)

900 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

7 Me-12-5-c PVC box & cover plate with RJ-45 
for LAN access only

8000 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

8 IT- RV-5 RJ 45 Connectors 8000 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

9 Me-12-9-o 3 feet patch cord 
(SP-ME-TS-88)

200 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

10 Me-12-9-n 7 feet patch cord 200 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

11 IT- RV-6 CAT 6 Patch Cords 3 mtr 8000 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

12 IT- RV-7 Single Mode Fiber connector  LC/SC 
(SM)

300 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

13 IT- RV-8 Single Mode Fiber Patch Cord LC to 
LC/SC 3 mtr

50 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

14 Me-12-9-h Light interface unit (LIU)
(SP-ME-TS-83)

50 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

15 IT- RV-9 Pigtail LC MM 50 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

16 IT- RV-10 Cassing Capping 2 mtr (30x12) 81250 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

17 Me-12-7-a 25mmX12mm- only casing capping 
laying

162500 Mtr. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

18 Me-12-7-p 2” C class GI pipe 2500 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

19 IT- RV-11 1” C Class GI pipe Mtr. (25mm) 2500 Mtr. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

20 ME2-13-
002

Fiber Optic cable
(SP-ME-TS-79)

325000 Mtr. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

21 IT- RV-12 Optical Fiber connector
(LC/SC(MM)

200 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

22 IT- RV-13 Fiber Duplex Patch Cords LC to 
LC/SC (MM) 3mtr

100 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

23 IT- RV-14 Fiber Duplex Patch Cords LC to 
LC/SC (MM) 10mtr

50 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

24 IT- RV-15 Fiber Duplex Patch Cords LC to 
LC/SC (MM) 20mtr

50 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

25 IT-RV-16 9 U Wall Mount Rack with all neces-
sary accessories

105 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

26 IT-RV-17 18 U Wall Mount Rack with all ne-
cessary accessories

70 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

27  IT-RV-18 1 KVA UPS with 30 min backup 230 Nos To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

28 Me-3-6-b 2/3 pin independent plug point 230 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

Page | 47



29 ME-2-8 Excavating the trenches and refilling, 
reinstatement of the same after the 
cable is laid in approved manner (750 
mm deep,600 mm wide) in all types 
of soil 1 Cu. Mtr.= 2.2 RMT

100 Cu. 
Mtr.

To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

30 ME-2-9 Excavating the trenches and refilling, 
reinstatement of the same after the 
cable is laid in approved manner (750 
mm deep,600 mm wide) in 
concrete/masonry/asphalt. 1 Cu. 
Mtr.= 2.2 RMT

300 Cu. 
Mtr.

To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

RMV REMOVAL

31 IT- RV-
RMV-1

CAT 6 Cable per meter 300000 Mtr To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

32 IT- RV-
RMV-2

Casing Capping 2 mtr  (30x12) 40000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

33 IT- RV-
RMV-3

Casing Capping 1 mtr (25x12) 80000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

34 IT- RV-
RMV-4

9 U Wall Mount Rack with all neces-
sary accessories

75 Mtr To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

35 IT- RV-
RMV-

18 U Wall Mount Rack with all ne-
cessary accessories

50 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

RBT REBATE

36 IT- RV-
RBT-1

L2 Switch - 24 GE Ports 337 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

37 IT- RV-
RBT-2

CAT 6 Cable per mtr 300000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

38 IT- RV-
RBT-3

24 Ports Patch Panel 337 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

39 IT- RV-
RBT-4

I/O Cat 6 Points 3000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

40 IT- RV-
RBT-5

RJ 45 Connectors 3000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

41 IT- RV-
RBT-6

CAT 6 Patch Cords 1 mtr 200 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

42 IT- RV-
RBT-7

CAT 6 Patch Cords 2 mtr 200 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

43 IT- RV-
RBT-8

CAT 6 Patch Cords 3 mtr 3000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

44 IT- RV-
RBT-9

Media converter 50 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

45 IT- RV-
RBT-10

Light Interface Unit (LIU) 24 Fiber 
Wall Mount

50 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

46 IT- RV-
RBT-11

Cassing Capping 2 mtr (30x12) 40000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

47 IT- RV-
RBT-12

Cassing Capping 1 mtr (25x12) 80000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

48 IT- RV-
RBT-13

6 core Fiber Optics Cable  mtr 1000 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

49 IT- RV-
RBT-14

Optical Fiber Connectors LC/SC 
(MM)

200 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

50 IT- RV-
RBT-15

9 U Wall Mount Rack with all neces-
sary accessories

75 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

51 IT- RV-
RBT-16

18 U Wall Mount Rack with all ne-
cessary accessories

50 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

52 IT- RV-
RBT-17

1 KVA UPS with 30 min backup 100 Nos. To be filled in online e-
Tendering system

Page | 48



SECTION 9

GENERAL CONDITIONS OF

CONTRACT

Page | 49



General Conditions of Contract

A. General

1. Definitions 

1.1 Terms which are defined in the Contract Data are not also defined in the Conditions of Contract

but keep their defined meanings. Capital initials are used to identify defined terms. 

The “Contract”  shall  mean the tender and acceptance thereof and the formal  agreement  if  any,

executed between the Contractor,  Commissioner and the Corporation together with the documents

referred  to  therein  including  these  conditions  and  appendices  and  any  special  conditions,  the

specifications, designs, drawings, price schedules, bills of quantities and schedule of rates. All these

documents taken together shall be deemed to form one Contract and shall be complementary to one

another. 

The Contract Data defines the documents and other information which comprise the Contract. 

The “Contractor” shall mean the individual or firm or company whether incorporated or not, whose

tender  has  been  accepted  by  the  employer  and  the  legal  successor  of  the  individual  or  firm or

company, but not (except with the consent of the Employer) any assignee of such person. 

The Bidder  is a person or corporate body who has desired to submit Bid to carry out the Works,

including routine maintenance till the tender process is concluded. 

The  Contractor's  Bid  is  the  completed  bidding  document  submitted  by  the  Contractor  to  the

Employer. 

The  “Contract  Sum”  means  the  sum  named  in  the  letter  of  acceptance  including  Physical

contingencies subject to such addition thereto or deduction there-from as may be made under the

provisions hereinafter contained. 

Note: The contract sum shall include the following – 

 In the case of percentage rate contracts the estimated value of works as mentioned in the

tender adjusted by the Contractor’s percentage. 

 In the case of item rate contracts,  the cost of the work arrived at after finalization of the

quantities shown in schedule of items / quantities by the item rates quoted by the tenderers for

various items and summation of the extended cost of each item. 

 In case of lumpsum contract, the sum for which tender is accepted. 

 Special discount / rebate / trade discount offered by the tenderer if any and accepted by the

Corporation.

 Additions or deletions that are accepted after opening of the tenders.

Page | 50



The “Contract Cost” means the Contract Sum plus Price Variation. This cost shall be included in the

letter of acceptance. 

A Defect is any part of the Works not completed in accordance with the Contract. 

The Defects Liability Certificate is the certificate issued by the Engineer, after the Defect Liability

Period has ended and upon correction of Defects by the Contractor. 

Drawings means all the drawings, calculations and technical information of a like nature provided by

the Engineer to the Contractor under the Contract and all drawings, calculations, samples, patterns,

models, operation & maintenance manual and other technical information of like nature submitted by

the Contractor and approved by the Engineer. 

The Authority shall mean Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) 

The  “Employer”  shall  mean  the  Municipal  Corporation  for  Greater  Mumbai  /  Municipal

Commissioner for Greater Mumbai, for the time being holding the said office and also his successors

and shall also include all “Additional Municipal Commissioners, Director (Engineering Services &

Projects)”  and  the  Deputy  Municipal  Commissioner,  to  whom  the  powers  of  Municipal

Commissioner, have been deputed under Section 56 and 56B of the Mumbai Municipal Corporation

Act. 

The Engineer in-charge  shall mean the Executive Engineer in executive charge of the works and

shall include the superior officers of the Engineering department i.e. Dy.Ch.Eng/Ch.Eng. and shall

mean and include all the successors in MCGM 

The Engineer's Representative  shall  mean the Assistant Engineer, Sub. Engineer/Jr.  Engineer in

direct charge of the works and shall include Sub Eng./ Jr. Eng of Civil section/ Mechanical section/

Electrical section appointed by MCGM. 

The “Engineer”  shall mean the City Engineer / the Hydraulic Engineer / the Chief Engineer / the

Special  Engineer,  appointed for  the  time  being or  any other  officer  or  officers  of  the  Municipal

Corporation  who may be authorized  by the commissioner  to  carry out  the  functions  of  the  City

Engineer / the Hydraulic Engineer / the Chief Engineer / the Special Engineer or any other competent

person appointed by the employer and notified in writing to the Contractor to act in replacement of the

Engineer from time to time. 

Contractor’s  Equipment  means  all  appliances  and things of  whatsoever  nature  required for  the

execution and completions  of  the  Works and the remedying  of  any defects therein,  but  does not

include plant material or other things intended to form or forming part of the Permanent Works. 

The Initial Contract Price is the Contract Price listed in the Employer's Letter of Acceptance. 

The Intended Completion Date is the date on which it is intended that the Contractor shall complete

the construction works. The Intended Completion Date is specified in the Contract Data. The Intended

Completion Date may be revised only by the Engineer by issuing an extension of time. 

Page | 51



Materials  are all supplies, including consumables, used by the Contractor for incorporation in the

Works and works of routine maintenance. 

Plant is any integral part of the Works that shall have a mechanical, electrical, electronic, chemical,

or biological function. 

Routine Maintenance  is the maintenance of activities of the competed structure for five years as

specified in the Contract Data. 

The “Site” shall mean the land and other places including water bodies more specifically mentioned

in  the  special  conditions  of  the  tender,  on,  under  in  or  through  which  the  permanent  works  or

temporary  works  are  to  be  executed  and any other  lands  and places  provided  by the  Municipal

Corporation for working space or any other purpose as may be specifically designated in the contract

as forming part of the site. 

Site Investigation Reports  are those that were included in the bidding documents and are reports

about the surface and subsurface conditions at the Site. 

“Specification” shall mean the specification referred to in the tender and any modification thereof or

addition or deduction thereto as may from time to time be furnished or approved in writing by the

Engineer. 

The  Start  Date/Commencement  Date  is  given  in  the  Contract  Data.  It  is  the  date  when  the

Contractor shall commence execution of the Works. It does not necessarily coincide with any of the

Site Possession Dates. 

A Nominated Sub-Contractor is a person or corporate body who has a Contract with the Contractor

to  carry  out  a  part  of  the  construction  work  and/or  routine  maintenance  in  the  Contract,  which

includes work on the Site. 

Temporary Works are works designed, constructed, installed, and removed by the Contractor that

are needed for construction or installation of the Works. 

Variation means a change to the:- 

i. Specification and /or Drawings (if any) which is instructed by the Employer. 

ii. Scope in the Contract which is instructed by the Employer. 

iii. Price in the Contract which is instructed by the Employer. 

The  Works,  as  defined  in  the  Contract  Data,  are  what  the  Contract  requires  the  Contractor  to

construct, install, maintain, and turn over to the Employer. Routine maintenance is defined separately.

Jurisdiction: In case of any claim, dispute or difference arising in respect of a contract, the cause of

action thereof shall be deemed to have arisen in Mumbai and all legal proceedings in respect of any

claim, dispute or difference shall be instituted in a competent court in the City of Mumbai only. 

2. Interpretation 

Page | 52



2.1 In interpreting these Conditions of Contract,  singular also means  plural,  male  also means

female or neuter, and the other way around. Headings have no significance. Words have their

normal meaning under the language of the Contract unless specifically defined. The Engineer

will provide instructions clarifying queries about these Conditions of Contract. 

2.2 If  sectional  completion is  specified in  the Contract  Data,  references in  the Conditions of

Contract to the Works, the Completion Date, and the Intended Completion Date apply to any

Section of the Works (other than references to the Completion Date and Intended Completion

Date for the whole of the Works). 

2.3 The documents forming the Contract  shall  be interpreted in the following documents:  (1)

Agreement, (2) Letter of Acceptance, (3) Notice to Proceed with the Work , (4) Contractor's

Bid, (5) Contract Data, (6) Special Conditions of Contract Part (7) General Conditions of

Contract Part I, (8) Specifications, (9) Drawings, (10) Bill of Quantities, and (11) Any other

document listed in the Contract Data. 

3. Engineer's Decisions 

3.1 Except  where  otherwise  specifically  stated,  the  Engineer  will  decide  contractual  matters

between the Employer and the Contractor in the role representing the Employer. However, if

the Engineer is required under the rules and regulations and orders of the Employer to obtain

prior approval of some other authorities for specific actions, he will so obtain the approval,

before communicating his decision to the Contractor. 

3.2 Except as expressly stated in the Contract, the Engineer shall not have any authority to relieve

the Contractor of any of his obligations under the contract. 

4. Delegation 

4.1 The  Engineer,  with  the  approval  of  the  Employer,  may  delegate  any  of  his  duties  and

responsibilities to other person(s), except to the Adjudicator, after notifying the Contractor,

and may cancel any delegation after notifying the Contractor. 

5. Communications 

All certificates, notices or instructions to be given to the Contractor by Employer/ Engineer shall be

sent on the address or contact details given by the Contractor of Bid. The address and contact details

for communication with the Employer/ Engineer shall be as per the details given in Contract Data.

Communications between parties that are referred to in the conditions shall be in writing. The Notice

sent  by  facsimile  (fax)  or  other  electronic  means  shall  be  effective  on  confirmation  of  the

transmission. The Notice sent by Registered post or Speed post shall be effective on delivery or at the

expiry of the normal delivery period as undertaken by the postal service. 

6. Subcontracting 

6.1 Unless specifically mentioned in the contract subletting will not be allowed. Subletting, where

otherwise provided by the contract shall not be more than 25% of the contract price. 

Page | 53



6.2 The Contractor shall not be required to obtain any consent from the Employer for: 

a. the sub-contracting of any part of the Works for which the Subcontractor is named in the

Contract; 

b. The provision for labour, or labour component. 

c. The  purchase  of  Materials  which  are  in  accordance  with  the  standards  specified  in  the

Contract. 

6.3 Beyond what has been stated in clauses 6.1 and 6.2, if the Contractor proposes sub contracting any

part of the work during execution of the Works, because of some unforeseen circumstances to enable

him to complete the Works as per terms of the Contract, the Employer will consider the following

before according approval: 

a.   The Contractor shall not sub-contract the whole of the Works. 

b.   The  permitted  subletting  of  work  by  the  Contractor  shall  not  establish  any  contractual

relation-ship between the sub-contractor and the MCGM and shall not relieve the Contractor

of any responsibility under the Contract. 

6.4 The Engineer should satisfy himself before recommending to the Employer whether 

a. the circumstances warrant such sub-contracting; and 

b. The sub-Contractor so proposed for the Work possesses the experience, qualifications and

equipment necessary for the job proposed to be entrusted to him.

7. Other Contractors 

7.1 The Contractor shall cooperate and share the Site with other Contractors, public authorities,

utilities, and the Employer between the dates given in the Schedule of Other Contractors, as

referred to in the Contract Data. The Contractor shall also provide facilities and services for

them  as  described  in  the  Schedule.  The  Employer  may  modify  the  Schedule  of  Other

Contractors, and shall notify the Contractor of any such modification. 

7.2 The Contractor should take up the works in convenient reaches as decided by the Engineer to

ensure there is least hindrance to the smooth flow and safety of traffic including movement of

vehicles and equipment of other Contractors till the completion of the Works. 

8. Personnel 

8.1 The  Contractor  shall  employ for  the  construction  work  and routine  maintenance  the  key

personnel  including  technical  personnel  named  in  the  Contract  Data  or  other  personnel

approved by the Engineer. The Engineer will approve any proposed replacement of technical

personnel only if their relevant qualifications and abilities are substantially equal to those of

the personnel stated in the Contract Data. 

Page | 54



8.2 The Contractor’s personnel shall appropriately be qualified, skilled and experienced in their

respective trades or occupations. The Engineer shall have authority to remove, or cause to be

removed, any person employed on the site or works, who carries out duties incompetently or

negligently and persists in any conduct which is prejudicial to safety, health or the protection

of the environment. 

8.3 If the Engineer asks the Contractor to remove a person who is a member of the Contractor's

staff or work force, stating the reasons, the Contractor shall ensure that the person leaves the

Site within seven days and has no further connection with the Works in the Contract. 

8.4 The  Contractor  shall  not  employ  any  retired  Gazetted  officer  who  has  worked  in  the

Engineering Department of the MCGM /State Government and has either not completed two

years after the date of retirement or has not obtained MCGM/State Government’s permission

to employment with the Contractor. 

9. Employer's and Contractor's Risks 

9.1 The  Employer  carries  the  risks  which  this  Contract  states  are  Employer's  risks,  and  the

Contractor carries the risks which this Contract states are Contractor's risks. 

10. Employer's Risks 

10.1 The Employer is responsible for the excepted risks which are (a) in so far as they directly

affect the execution of the Works in the Employer’s country, the risks of war, invasion, act of

foreign enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power, civil war,

riot,  commotion  or  disorder  (unless  restricted  to  the  Contractor’s  employees)  and

contamination from any nuclear fuel or nuclear waste or radioactive toxic explosive, or (b) a

cause due solely to the design of the Works, other than the Contractor’s design. 

11. Contractor's Risks 

11.1 All risks of loss of or damage to physical property and of personal injury and death which

arise during and in consequence of the performance of the Contract other than the excepted

risks, referred to in clause 11.1, are the responsibility of the Contractor. 

12. Insurance 

12.1 The  Contractor  at  his  cost  shall  provide,  in  the  joint  names  of  the  Employer  and  the

Contractor, insurance cover from the Start Date to the end of Defects Liability Period, in the

amounts and deductibles stated in the Contract Data for the following events which are due to

the Contractor's risks: 

a) Loss of or damage to the Works, Plant and Materials; 

c. Loss of or damage to Equipment; 

d. Loss  of  or  damage  to  property  (other  than  the  Works,  Plant,  Materials,  and

Equipment) in connection with the Contract; and

Page | 55



e. Personal injury or death.

12.2 Insurance policies and certificates for insurance shall be delivered by the Contractor to the

Engineer for the Engineer's approval before the Start Date. All such insurance shall provide

for compensation to be payable in the types and proportions of currencies required to rectify

the loss or damage incurred. 

12.3 Alterations to the terms of insurance shall not be made without the approval of the Engineer. 

12.4 Both parties shall comply with any conditions of the insurance policies. 

12.5 If the Contractor does not provide any of the policies and certificates required, the Employer

may  affect  the  insurance  which  the  Contractor  should  have  provided  and  recover  the

premiums the Employer has paid, from payments otherwise due to the Contractor or if no

payment is due, the payment of premiums shall be debt due. 

13. Site Investigation Reports 

13.1 The Contractor, in preparing the Bid, may rely, at his own risk, on any Site Investigation Reports

referred to in the Contract  Data, supplemented by any other information available to him,  before

submitting the bid. 

14. Queries about the Contract Data 

14.1 The Engineer will clarify queries on the Contract Data. 

15. Contractor to Construct the Works and Undertake Maintenance (if specified in the tender) 

15.1  The  Contractor  shall  construct,  and  install  and  maintain  the  Works  in  accordance  with  the

Specifications and Drawings and as per instructions of the Engineer. 

15.2 The Contractor shall construct the works with intermediate technology, i.e., by manual means

with medium input of machinery required to ensure the quality of works as per specifications. The

Contractor shall deploy the equipment and machinery as required in the contract. 

15.3 The Contractor shall take all reasonable steps to protect the environment on and off the Site and

to avoid damage or nuisance to persons or to property of the public or others resulting from pollution,

noise or other causes arising as a consequence of his methods of operation.

During continuance of the contract, the Contractor and his sub-contractors shall abide at all times by

all  existing  enactments  on  environmental  protection  and  rules  made  there  under,  regulations,

notifications and byelaws of the State or Central Government, or local authorities and any other law,

bye-law, regulations that may be passed or notification that may be issued in future by the State or

Central  Government  or  the  local  authority.  Salient  features  of  some  of  the  major  laws  that  are

applicable are given below: 

 The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, this provides for the prevention

and control of water pollution and the maintaining and restoring of wholesomeness of water.

‘Pollution’ means such contamination of water or such alteration of the physical, chemical or

Page | 56



biological properties of water or such discharge of any sewage or trade effluent or of any

other liquid, gaseous or solid substance into water (whether directly or indirectly) as may, or

is likely to, create a nuisance or render such water harmful or injurious to public health or

safety, or to domestic, commercial, industrial, agricultural or other legitimate uses, or to the

life and health of animals or plants or of aquatic organisms. 

 The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, this provides for prevention, control

and abatement of air pollution. ‘Air Pollution’ means the presence in the atmosphere of any

‘air pollutant’, which means any solid, liquid or gaseous substance (including noise) present

in the atmosphere in such concentration as may be or tend to be injurious to human beings or

other living creatures or plants or property or environment. 

 The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, this provides for the protection and improvement of

environment and for matters connected therewith, and the prevention of hazards to human

beings, other living creatures, plants and property. ‘Environment’ includes water, air and land

and the inter-relationship which exists among and between water, air and land, and human

beings, other living creatures, plants, micro-organism and property. 

 The Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991, This provides for public liability insurance for the

purpose of providing immediate relief to the persons affected by accident occurring while

handling  hazardous  substances  and  for  matters  connected  herewith  or  incidental  thereto.

Hazardous  substance  means  any substance  or  preparation  which  is  defined  as  hazardous

substance under the Environment (Protection) Act 1986, and exceeding such quantity as may

be specified by notification by the Central Government. 

16. The Works and Routine Maintenance to be completed by the Intended Completion Date 

16.1 The Contractor may commence execution of the Works on the Start Date and shall carry out the

Works  and  Routine  Maintenance,  if  specified  in  the  tender,  in  accordance  with  the  Programme

submitted by the Contractor, as updated with the approval of the Engineer, and complete them by the

Intended Completion Date. 

17. Approval by the Engineer 

17.1 The Contractor shall submit Specifications and Drawings showing the proposed Temporary

Works to the Engineer, who is to approve them if they comply with the Specifications and

Drawings. 

17.2 The Contractor shall be responsible for design and safety of Temporary Works. 

17.3 The Engineer's approval shall not alter the Contractor's responsibility for design and safety of

the Temporary Works. 

17.4 The Contractor shall obtain approval of third parties to the design of the Temporary Works,

where required. 

Page | 57



17.5 All Drawings prepared by the Contractor for the execution of the temporary or permanent

Works, are subject to prior approval by the Engineer before their use. 

18. Safety 

18.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for the safety of all activities on the Site. He shall comply

with all applicable safety requirements and take care of safety of all persons entitled to be on the site

and the works. He shall use reasonable efforts to keep the site and the works, both during construction

and maintenance, clear of unnecessary obstruction so as to avoid danger to the persons and the users. 

 Workers employed on mixing asphaltic materials, cement and lime mortars shall be provided

with protective footwear and protective goggles. 

 Stone breaker shall be provided with protective goggles and protective clothing and seated at

sufficiently safe intervals. 

 The area should be barricaded or cordoned off by suitable means to avoid mishaps of any

kind. Power warning signs should be displayed for the safety of the public whenever cleaning

works are undertaken during night or day. 

 The workers engaged for cleaning the manholes/sewers should be properly trained before

allowing working in the manhole. 

18.2 Safety Programs:- 

I. Have  adequate  safety  supervision  in  place  to  ensure  that  safety  programs  set  up  by  the

firms/agencies are in compliance with prevalent laws and regulations. 

II. Review  safety  programs  developed  by  each  of  the  trade  firms,  prepare  and  submit  a

comprehensive safety program. 

III. Monitor day to day implementation of safety procedures. 

18.3 First Aid Facilities: - 

i. At every work place there shall be provided and maintained, so as to be easily accessible

during working hours, first-aid boxes at the rate of not less than one box for 150 contract

labour or part thereof ordinarily employed. 

ii. The first-aid box shall be distinctly marked with a red cross on white back ground. 

iii. Adequate  arrangements  shall  be  made  for  immediate  recoupment  of  the  equipment  when

necessary. 

iv. Nothing except the prescribed contents shall be kept in the First-aid box. 

v. The first-aid box shall be kept in charge of a responsible person who shall always be readily

available during the working hours of the work place. 

vi. A person in charge of the First-aid box shall be a person trained in First-aid treatment, in the

work places where the number of contract labour employed is 150 or more. 

Page | 58



19. Discoveries 

19.1 Anything of historical or other interest or of significant value unexpectedly discovered on the

Site  shall  be  the  property  of  the  Employer.  The  Contractor  shall  notify  the  Engineer  of  such

discoveries and carry out the Engineer's instructions for dealing with them. 

20. Possession of the Site 

20.1 The Employer shall handover complete or part possession of the site to the Contractor 7 days in

advance  of  construction  programme.  At  the  start  of  the  work,  the  Employer  shall  handover  the

possession of at-least 75% of the site free of all encumbrances, the remaining 25 % of the possession

as per contractor’s construction programme. 

21. Access to the Site 

21.1 The Contractor shall allow access to the Site and to any place where work in connection with the

Contract  is  being  carried  out,  or  is  intended  to  be  carried  out  to  the  Engineer  and  any

person/persons/agency  authorized  by:  a.  The  Engineer  b.  The  Employer  or  authorized  by  the

Employer. 

22. Instructions 

22.1 The Contractor shall carry out all instructions of the Engineer, which comply with the applicable

laws where the Site is located. 

22.2 The Contractor shall permit the appointed and/or authorized persons to inspect the Site and/or

accounts  and records  of  the  Contractor  and its  subcontractors  relating to  the  performance  of  the

Contract, and to have such accounts and records audited by auditors appointed, if so required. The

Contractor’s attention is invited to Clause of ‘Fraud and Corruption’, which provides, inter alia, that

acts intended to materially impede the exercise of the inspection and audit rights provided for under

the Clause & constitute a obstructive practice subject to contract termination. 

22.3 Engineer to have power to issue further drawings or instructions: 

The Engineer shall have the power and authority from time to time and at all times to make and issue

such further drawings and to give such further  instructions and directions  as  may appear to  him

necessary or proper for the guidance of the contractor and the good and sufficient execution of the

works according to terms of the specifications and Contractor shall  receive, execute, obey and be

bound by the same,  according to the true intent  and meaning thereof,  as fully and effectually as

though the same had accompanied or had been mentioned or referred to in the specification, and the

Engineer  may  also  alter  or  vary  the  levels  or  position  of  nature  of  works  contemplated  by  the

specifications, or may order any of the works contemplated thereby to be omitted, with or without the

substitution  of  any other  works  in  lieu  thereof,  or  may order  any work  or  any portion  of  work

executed or partially executed, to be removed, changed or altered, added if needful, may order that

other works shall be substituted instead thereof and difference of expense occasioned by any such

Page | 59



diminution or alteration so ordered and directed shall be added to or deducted from the amount of this

Contract, as provided under condition no.10(a) hereinafter. 

No work which radically changes the original nature of the Contract shall be ordered by the Engineer

and in the event of any deviation being ordered which in the opinion of the Contractor changes the

original nature of Contract he shall nevertheless carry it out and disagreement as to the nature of the

work and the rate to be paid therefore shall be resolved in accordance with condition no.13d. 

The time for completion of the Works, shall be in even of any deviations resulting in additional cost

over  the  contract  price  being  ordered,  be  extended or  reduced reasonably  by  the  Engineer.  The

Engineer’s decision in this case shall be final.

B. Time Control

23. Programme 

23.1 Within the time stated in the Contract Data, the Contractor shall  submit  to the Engineer for

approval  a  Programme,  including  Environment  Management  Plan  showing  the  general  methods,

arrangements, order, and timing for all the activities in the Works, along with monthly cash flow

forecasts for the construction of works. 

After the completion of the construction works, the programme for the Routine Maintenance Work,

showing the general methods, arrangements, order and timing for all the activities involved in the

Routine  Maintenance  will  also  be  submitted  by  the  Contractor  to  the  Engineer  for  approval  if

specified in the tender. The programme for Routine Maintenance will be submitted in each year for

the period of Maintenance. 

23.2 The Contractor shall submit the list of equipment and machinery being brought to site, the list of

key personnel being deployed, the list of machinery/ equipments being placed in field laboratory and

the location of field laboratory along with the Programme. The Engineer shall cause these details to be

verified at each appropriate stage of the programme. 

23.3 An update of the Programme shall be a programme showing the actual progress achieved on each

activity and the effect of the progress achieved on the timing of the remaining Works, including any

changes to the sequence of the activities. 

23.4 The Contractor shall submit to the Engineer for approval an updated Programme at intervals no

longer than the period stated in the Contract  Data.  If  the Contractor does not  submit  an updated

Programme within this period, the Engineer may withhold the amount stated in the Contract Data

from the next payment certificate and continue to withhold this amount until the next payment after

the date on which the overdue Programme has been submitted. 

23.5  The  Engineer's  approval  of  the  Programme  shall  not  alter  the  Contractor's  obligations.  The

Contractor may revise the Programme and submit it to the Engineer again at any time. A revised

Programme shall show the effect of Variations and Compensation Events. 

Page | 60



24. Extension Of Time In Contracts: 

Subject to any requirement in the contract as to completion of any portions or portions of the works

before completion of the whole, the contractor shall fully and finally complete the whole of the works

comprised  in  the  contract  (with  such  modifications  as  may  be  directed  under  conditions  of  this

contract) by the date entered in the contract or extended date in terms of the following clauses: 

8. Extension attributable to MCGM 

i. Extension  Due  To  Modification:  If  any  modifications  have  been  ordered  which  in  the

opinion of  the  Engineer  have materially increased the magnitude of  the  work,  then such

extension of the contracted date of completion may be granted as shall appear to the Engineer

to  be  reasonable  in  the  circumstances,  provided  moreover  that  the  Contractor  shall  be

responsible for requesting such extension of the date as may be considered necessary as soon

as the cause thereof shall arise and in any case should not be less than 30 days before the

expiry of the date fixed for completion of the works. 

ii. Extension For Delay Due To MCGM: In the event of any failure or delay by the MCGM to

hand over the Contractor possession of the lands necessary for the execution of the works or

to give the necessary notice to commence the works or to provide the necessary drawings or

instructions or any other delay caused by the MCGM due to any other cause whatsoever, then

such failure or delay shall in no way affect or vitiate the contract or alter the character thereof

or entitle the contractor to damages or compensation therefore,  but  in any such case,  the

MCGM may grant such extension(s) of the completion date as may be considered reasonable. 

Note:  For  extension  of  time  period  as  governed  in  (i)  and  (ii)  above,  any  modifications  in

design/drawings, specifications, quantities shall be needed to be justified with recorded reasons

with approval of Ch.Eng. for not anticipating the same while preparing estimates and draft

tender. 

9. Extension Of Time For Delay Due To Contractor : The time for the execution of the work or

part of the works specified in the contract documents shall be deemed to be the essence of the

contract  and  the  works  must  be  completed  no  later  than  the  date(s)  /  the  programme  for

completion of work as specified in the contract.  If the contractor fails to complete the works

within the time as specified in the contract for the reasons other than the reasons specified in

above as (a.i) and (a.ii), the MCGM may, if satisfied that the works can be completed by the

contractor within reasonable short time thereafter, allow the contractor for further extension of

time  as  the  Engineer  may  decide.  On  such  extension  the  MCGM  will  be  entitled  without

prejudice to any other right and remedy available on that behalf, to recover the compensation as

governed by Clause 8(e) of GCC. 

For the purpose of this Clause, the contract value of the works shall be taken as value of work

as per contract agreement including any supplementary work order/contract agreement issued.

Page | 61



Further, competent authority while granting extension to the currency of contract under Clause

(b) of as above may also consider levy of penalty, as deemed fit based on the merit of the case.

Also, the reasons for granting extension shall be properly documented. 

25. Delays Ordered by the Engineer 

25.1 The Engineer may instruct the Contractor to delay the start or progress of any activity within the

Works.  Delay/delays  totaling  more  than  30  days  will  require  prior  written  approval  of  the

DMC/AMC. 

26. Management Meetings 

26.1 The Engineer may require the Contractor to attend a management meeting. The business of a

management meeting shall be to review the plans for progress of the Works. 

26.2 The Engineer shall record the business of management meetings and provide copies of the record

to those attending the meeting.  The responsibility of  the  parties  for  actions  to  be taken shall  be

decided by the Engineer either at the management  meeting or after the management meeting and

stated in writing to all those who attended the meeting. 

C. Quality Control

27.1. Work to be open to Inspection and Contractor or Responsible agent to be present 

All works under or in course of execution or executed in pursuance of the contract shall at all times be

open to the inspection and supervision of the Eng-in-charge and his subordinates and the contractor

shall at all times during the usual working hours, at all other times, during the usual working hours

and at  all  other  times  at  which  reasonable  notice  of  the  intention  of  the  Eng-in-charge  and  his

subordinates to visit the works shall have been given to the contractor, either himself be present to

receive orders and instruction or have responsible agent duly accredited in writing present for that

purpose. Order given to the contractors’ duly authorized agent shall be considered to have the same

force and effect as if they had been given to the contractor himself. 

27.2. Notice To Be Given Before Work Is Covered Up 

The  contractor  shall  give  not  less  than  ten  days’  notice  in  writing  to  the  Eng-In-Charge  or  his

subordinate  in  charge of  the  work  before  covering  up or  otherwise  placing beyond  the reach of

measurement any work in order that the same may be measured and correct dimension thereof taken

before the same is so covered up or placed beyond the reach of measurements and shall not cover up

or place beyond the reach of measurement any work without the consent in writing of the Eng-In-

Charge or his subordinate in charge of the work,  and if any work shall  be covered up or placed

beyond the reach of measurement, without such notice having been given or consent obtained the

same shall be uncovered at the contractors expenses, and in default thereof no payment or allowance

shall be made for such work or for the materials with which the same was executed 

27.3 Works to be executed in accordance with specifications / drawings / orders etc.: 

Page | 62



The contractor shall execute the whole and every part of the work the most substantial and workman

like  manner  and  both  has  regards  material  and  every  other  respect  in  strict  accordance  with

specifications. The contractor shall also confirm exactly, fully and faithfully to the designs, drawings

and instructions in writing relating to the work signed by the Engineer In-charge and lodged in his

office and to which the contractor shall be entitled to have access for the purpose of inspection at such

office, or on the site or work during office hours. The contractor shall be entitled to receive three sets

of contract drawings and working drawings as well as one certified copy of the accepted tender along

with the work order free of cost.

27.4 Ready Mix Concrete/ Asphalt Mix 

i.      The  contractor  shall  have  to  arrange  Ready  Mix  concrete  (RMC)/Asphalt  from

RMC/ASPHALT producing plants registered with MCGM 

ii.      The contractor shall, with in a 7 days of award of the work, submit a list of at least three

RMC/Asphalt producers with details of such plants including details and number of transit,

mixers  &  pumps  etc.  to  be  deployed  indicating  name  of  owner/company,  its  location,

capacity, technical establishment. 

The Engineer-in-charge will reserve right to inspect at any stage and reject the concrete if he

is not satisfied about quality of product at the user’s end. 

iii.      The Engineer-in-charge reserves the right to exercise control over the:- 

a.   Calibration check of the RMC/Asphalt plant. 

b.   Weight  and  quantity  check on  the  ingredients,  water  and  admixtures  added  for  batch

mixing for RMC plants 

c.   Time of mixing of concrete/grade of asphalt. 

d.   Testing of fresh concrete/asphalt mix, recording of results and declaring the mix fit or unfit

for use. This will include continuous control on the work ability during production and

taking corrective action, if required. 

e.   For  exercising  such  control,  the  Engineer-in-charge  shall  periodically  depute  his

authorized  representative  at  the  RMC/Asphalt  plant.  It  shall  be  responsibility  of  the

contractor  to  ensure  that  all  necessary  equipment,  manpower  &  facilities  are  made

available to Engineer-in-charge and or his authorized representative at RMC/Asphalt plant.

f.    All  required  relevant  records  of  RMC/Asphalt  mix  shall  be  made  available  to  the

Engineer-in-charge or his authorized representative. Engineer-in-charge shall, as required,

specify  guidelines  &  additional  procedures  for  quality  control  &  other  parameters  in

respect of material production& transportation of concrete mix which shall be binding on

the contractor & the RMC/Asphalt plant.  Only concrete as approved in design mix by

Engineer-in-charge shall be produced in RMC plant and transported to the site. 

Page | 63



g.   The contactor shall have to produce a copy of chalan receipts/SCADA reports/VTS reports

as  issued  by  the  RMC/Asphalt  plant  as  a  documentary  proof  in  lieu  of  supply  of

RMC/Asphalt mix before releasing payment.

28. Identifying Defects 

28.1 The Engineer shall check the Contractor's work and notify the Contractor of any Defects that are

found. Such checking shall not affect the Contractor's responsibilities. The Engineer may instruct the

Contractor to search for a Defect and to uncover and test any work that the Engineer considers may

have a Defect. 

28.2 The Contractor shall permit the Employer’s technical person(s) to check the Contractor’s work

and notify the Engineer and Contractor if any defects that are found. 

29. Tests 

29.1 For carrying out mandatory tests as prescribed in the specifications, the Contractor shall establish

field laboratory at  the  location decided by Engineer.  The field laboratory will  have minimum of

equipments as specified in the Contract Data. The contractor shall be solely responsible for: 

a.   Carrying out the mandatory tests prescribed in the Specifications, and 

b.   For the correctness of the test results, whether preformed in his laboratory or elsewhere. 

29.2 If the Engineer instructs the Contractor to carry out a test not specified in the Specification/

Quality Assurance Handbook to check whether any work has a Defect and the test shows that it does,

the  Contractor  shall  pay for  the  test  and  any samples.  If  there  is  no  defect,  the  test  shall  be  a

compensation event. 

When required by the Engineer-in-charge the contractor(s) shall  supply for the purpose of testing

samples of all materials proposed to be used in the works. Samples submitted either to govern bulk

supplies or required for testing before use shall be in suitable packages to contain them and shall be

provided free of charge by the contractor. The cost of testing shall be borne by the contractor even if

the result of the sample confirm or do not confirm to the relevant BIS code specifications. 

i.      All expenditure required to be incurred for taking the samples conveyance, packing shall be

borne by the contactor himself. 

ii.      The failed material shall be removed from the site by the contractor at his own cost within a

week time of written order of the Engineer-in-charge. 

29.3 Setting of Site Laboratories: 

Contractors shall set up a laboratory at site before commencement of work at their cost for performing

various tests and at least the following machines and equipments shall be provided therein – 

1. Set of Sieves as per I.R.C. /I.S. 

2. Compressive Testing Machine(For new works) 

Page | 64



3. Oven, Electrically Operated 

4. Weighing Balance (20 kg capacity) 

5. 3 m straight edge 

6. Sieve shaker 

7. First Aid Box 

8. Measuring Jar (for silt content) 

9. Other Machines/apparatus as may be directed by the Engineer 

10. Vernier Caliber 

11. Level / Theodolite 

All the test records shall be maintained in the site office and made available as and when required.

The  laboratory must  be  established  within  15  days  from the  date  of  receipt  of  the  orders  from

Engineer In charge. On failure to do so, a penalty of Rs 1000/- per day shall be imposed. 

The contractor  shall  install  testing  equipment  at  site.  The  contractor  shall  ensure  and certify the

calibration of the equipment so installed and shall maintain the same in working order throughout the

period of construction. The contractor shall also provide necessary technically qualified experienced

trained staff for carrying out such tests for using such equipment. The tests shall be carried out under

the supervision of the Engineer-in-charge. The calibration shall be checked every twelve months as

directed by Engineer-in-charge. 

30. Correction of Defects noticed during the Defects Liability Period. 

30.1 (a) The Engineer shall give notice to the Contractor of any Defects before the end of the Defects

Liability Period, which begins at Completion and ends after five years. The Defects Liability Period

shall be extended for as long as Defects remain to be corrected. 

(b)  Every  time  notice  of  Defect/Defects  is  given,  the  Contractor  shall  correct  the  notified

Defect/Defects within the duration of time specified by the Engineer’s notice. 

(c) The Engineer may issue notice to the Contractor to carry out removal of defects or deficiencies, if

any, noticed in his inspection, or brought to his notice. The Contractor shall remove the defects and

deficiencies within the period specified in the notice and submit to the Engineer a compliance report. 

31. Uncorrected Defects and Deficiencies 

31.1 If the Contractor has not corrected a Defect pertaining to the Defect Liability Period under clause

and deficiencies in maintenance, to the satisfaction of the Engineer, within the time specified in the

Engineer's notice, the Engineer will assess the cost of having the Defect or deficiency corrected, and

the Contractor shall pay this amount, on correction of the Defect or deficiency by another agency.

Page | 65



D. Cost Control

32. Variations 

The Engineer shall, having regard to the scope of the Works and the sanctioned estimated cost, have

power  to  order,  in  writing,  Variations  within  the  scope  of  the  Works  he  considers  necessary or

advisable during the progress of the Works. Such Variations shall form part of the Contract and the

Contractor shall carry them out and include them in updated Programmes produced by the Contractor.

Oral orders of the Engineer for Variations, unless followed by written confirmation, shall not be taken

into account. 

33. Payments for Variations 

33.1 If rates for Variation items are specified in the Bill of Quantities, the Contractor shall carry out

such work at the same rate. 

33.2 The rate for Extra/Excess shall be governed by clause 10.A of Standard General Condition of

Contract 

34. Cash Flow Forecasts 

When the Programme is updated, the Contractor shall provide the Engineer with an updated cash flow

forecast. 

35. Payment Certificates 

The payment to the Contractor will be as follows for construction work: 

a. A bill shall be submitted by the Contractor monthly or before the date fixed by the Engineer

In-charge for all works executed in the previous month, and the Engineer In-charge shall take

or cause to be taken requisite measurement for the purpose of having the same verified and

the claim, so far as it is admissible, shall be adjusted, if possible, within 10 days from the

presentation of the bill. If the contractor does not submit the bill within the time fixed as

aforesaid, the Engineer In-charge may depute a subordinate to measure up the said work in

the presence of the contractor or his duly authorized agent whose counter signature to the

measurement list shall be sufficient warrant, and Engineer In-Charge may prepare a bill from

such list which shall be binding on the contractor in all respects. 

b. The Engineer shall check the Contractor's fortnightly/monthly statement within 14 days and

certify the amount to be paid to the Contractor. 

c. The value of work executed shall be determined, based on measurements by the Engineer. 

d. The value of work executed shall comprise the value of the quantities of the items in the Bill

of Quantities completed. 

e. The value of work executed shall also include the valuation of Variations and Compensation

Events. 

Page | 66



f.  The Engineer may exclude any item certified in a previous certificate or reduce the proportion

of any item previously certified in any certificate in the light of later information. (g) The

contractor shall submit all bills on the printed forms at the office of Engineer In-charge. The

charges to be made in the bills shall always be entered at the rates specified in tender. 

Payment as per condition in general specifications

36. Payments 

36.1 Payments  shall  be adjusted for deductions for advance payments,  retention, security deposit,

other  recoveries  in  terms  of  the  Contract  and  taxes  at  source,  as  applicable  under  the  law.  The

Employer shall pay the Contractor the amounts certified by the Engineer within 15 days of the date of

each certificate. 

36.2 All sums payable by a contractor by way of compensation under any of these conditions, shall be

considered as a reasonable compensation to be applied to the use of MCGM without reference to the

actual loss or damage sustained and whether any damage has or has not been sustained. 

36.3 No payment shall be made for any work estimated to cost less than Rupees One Thousand till

after the whole of work shall have been completed and the certificate of completion given. But in the

case of works estimated to cost more than Rs. One Thousand, the contractor shall on submitting a

monthly bill  therefore  be entitled  to  receive  payment  proportionate  to  the  part  of  the  work  than

approved and passed by the Engineer In-charge, whose certificate of such approval and passing of the

sum so payable shall be final and conclusive against the contractor. All such intermediate payments

shall be regarded as payments by way of advance against the final payments only and not as payments

for work actual done and completed and shall not preclude the Engineer In-charge from requiring any

bad, unsound, imperfect or unskillful work to be removed or taken away and reconstructed or re-

erected nor shall any such payment be considered as an admission of the due performance of the

contract or any part thereof in any respect or the offering of any claim not shall it conclude, determine

or  effect  in  any other  way,  the  powers  of  the  Engineer  In-charge as  to  the  final  settlement  and

adjustment of the accounts or otherwise, or in any other way vary or effect the contract. The final bill

shall be submitted by the Contractor within one month of the date fixed for the completion of the

work otherwise the Engineer In-charge’s certificate of the measurements  and of the total  amount

payable for the work shall be final and binding on all parties. 

37. The Contractor shall not be entitled to compensation to the extent that the Employer's interests are

adversely affected by the Contractor for not having given early warning or not having cooperated with

the Engineer. 

38. Tax 

All taxes, duties, cess and charges such as Octroi, Service Tax, Terminal or Sales Tax, VAT etc. and

other duties on material obtained for the work from any source including the tax applicable as per

Maharashtra Sales Tax Act, on the transfer of property in goods involved in the execution of work

Page | 67



contract (re-enacted) Act 1989 or as amended shall be borne by tenderer. The tenderer will not be

reimbursed the taxes, duties, cess and charges whether now in force or that may be enforced in future. 

Rates accepted by MCGM shall hold good till completion of work and no additional individual claim

shall be admissible on account of fluctuations in market rates; increase in taxes/any other levies/tolls

etc. except that payment/recovery for overall market situation shall be made as per Price Variation. 

39. Currencies 

All payments will be made in Indian Rupees. 

40. Liquidated Damages 

Both, the Contractor and the Employer have agreed that it is not feasible to precisely estimate the

amount of losses due to delay in completion of works and the losses to the public and the economy,

therefore,  both  the  parties  have  agreed  that  the  Contractor  shall  pay  liquidated  damages  to  the

Employer and not by way of penalty, at the rate per week or part thereof stated in the Contract Data

for  the  period  that  the  Completion  Date  is  later  than  the  Intended Completion  Date.  Liquidated

damages  at  the  same  rates  shall  be  withheld  if  the  Contractor  fails  to  achieve  the  milestones

prescribed in the Contract Data. However, in case the Contractor achieves the next milestone, the

amount of the liquidated damages already withheld shall be restored to the Contractor by adjustment

in the next payment certificate. The Employer and the contractor have agreed that this is a reasonable

agreed amount of liquidated damage. The Employer may deduct liquidated damages from payments

due to the Contractor. Payment of liquidated damages shall not affect the Contractor’s other liabilities.

41. Cost of Repairs 

Loss or damage to the Works or Materials to be incorporated in the Works between the Start Date and

the end of the Defects Correction periods shall be remedied by the Contractor at his cost if the loss or

damage arises from the Contractor's acts or omissions. 

E. Finishing the Contract 

42. Completion of Construction and Maintenance 

42.1 The Contractor shall request the Engineer to issue a certificate of completion of the construction

of the works, and the Engineer will do so upon deciding that the works is completed. This shall be

governed as per clause no. 8(g) of Standard General Conditions of Contract. 

43. Taking Over 

43.1 The Employer shall take over the works within seven days of the Engineer issuing a certificate of

completion of works. The Contractor shall continue to remain responsible for its routine maintenance

during the maintenance period if specified in the contract. 

44. Final Account 

Page | 68



Final joint measurement along with the representatives of the contractor should be taken recorded and

signed  by  the  Contractors.  Contractors  should  submit  the  final  bill  within  1  month  of  physical

completion of the work. 

If the contractor fails to submit the final bill within 1 month, the MCGM staff will prepare the final

bill based on the joint measurement within next 3 months. 

Engineer’s  decision  shall  be  final  in  respect  of  claims  for  defect  and  pending  claims  against

contractors. 

No further claims should be made by the Contractor after submission of the final bill and these shall

be deemed to have been waived and extinguished. Payment of those items of the bills in respect of

which  there  is  no  dispute  and  of  items  in  dispute,  for  quantities  and  rates  as  approved  by  the

Commissioner  shall  be made  within a reasonable period as may be necessary for the purpose of

verification etc. 

After  payment  of the final  bill  as aforesaid has been made,  the contractor may,  if  he so desires,

reconsider his position in respect of a disputed portion of the final bills and if he fails to do so within

84 days, his disputed claim shall be dealt with as provided in the contract. 

A percentage of the retention money, over and above the actual retention money as indicated below

shall be held back from payments till the finalization of final bill to be submitted as per above and will

be paid within 30 days of acceptance of the final bill.

Sr. 
no. 

Amount of Contract Cost Minimum Payable Amount in final 
bill 

1 Upto Rs.5 Crs. Rs.10 Lacs or final bill whichever is 
more 

2 Upto Rs.25 Crs. Rs.1 Crore or final bill amount 
whichever is more 

3 Upto Rs. 50 Crs. Rs.2 Crores or final bill amount 
whichever is more 

4 Upto Rs.100 Crs. Rs.4 Crore or final bill amount 
whichever is more 

5 More than Rs.100 Crs.. Rs.7 Crore or final bill amount 
whichever is more 

The contractor have to submit  the bill  for  the work carried out  within 15 days  from the date of

completion of the work to the respective executing department. If the contractor fails to submit their

bills to concerned executing department, penalty or action as shown below will be taken for each

delayed bill:-

After 15 days from the date of 
completion/running bill up to certain date, 
up to next 15 days i.e. up to 30 days 

Equal to 5% of bill amount 

Next 15 days up to 45 days from the date 
of completion/running bill up to specified 
date 

Equal to 10% of bill amount 

If not submitted wit in 45 days from the 
date of completion/ R.A. bill 

Bill will not be admitted for 
payment. 

Page | 69



45. Operating and Maintenance Manuals 

45.1 If "as built" Drawings and/or operating and maintenance manuals are required, the Contractor

shall supply them by the dates stated in the Contract Data. 

45.2 If the Contractor does not supply the Drawings and/or manuals by the dates stated in the Contract

Data, or they do not receive the Engineer's approval, the Engineer shall withhold the amount stated in

the Contract Data from payments due to the Contractor. 

46. Termination 

46.1  The  Employer  or  the  Contractor  may  terminate  the  Contract  if  the  other  party  causes  a

fundamental breach of the Contract. 

46.2 Fundamental breaches of Contract shall include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 

a. the Contractor stops work for 30 days when no stoppage of work is shown on the current

Programme and the stoppage has not been authorized by the Engineer; 

b. the  Contractor  is  declared  as  bankrupt  or  goes  into  liquidation  other  than  for  approved

reconstruction or amalgamation; 

c. the Engineer gives Notice that failure to correct a particular Defect is a fundamental breach of

Contract and the Contractor fails to correct it within a reasonable period of time determined

by the Engineer; 

d. the Contractor does not maintain a Security, which is required; 

e. ethe Contractor has delayed the completion of the Works by the number of days for which the

maximum amount of liquidated damages can be paid, as defined in relevant clause. 

f. the Contractor fails to provide insurance cover as required under relevant clause . 

g. if the Contractor, in the judgment of the Employer, has engaged in the corrupt or fraudulent

practices as defined in GCC in competing for or in executing the Contract. 

h. if the Contractor fails to set up a field laboratory with the prescribed equipment, within the

period specified in the Contract Data; and 

i. any other fundamental breaches as specified in the Contract Data. 

j. if the Contractor fails to deploy machinery and equipment or personnel as specified in the

Contract Data at the appropriate time. 

46.3 When either party to the contract gives notice of a breach of contract to the Engineer for a cause

other than those listed above, the Engineer shall decide whether the breach is fundamental or not. 

46.4 Notwithstanding the above, the Employer may terminate the Contract for convenience. 

Page | 70



46.5 If the Contract is terminated, the Contractor shall stop work immediately, make the Site safe and

secure, and leave the Site as soon as reasonably possible. 

47. Payment upon Termination 

47.1 If the Contract is terminated because of a fundamental breach of Contract by the Contractor, the

Engineer shall issue a certificate for value of the work done and materials ordered less liquidated

damages, if any, less advance payments received up to the date of the issue of the certificate and less

the percentage to apply to the value of the work not completed, as indicated in the Contract Data. If

the total amount due to the Employer exceeds any payment due to the Contractor, the difference shall

be recovered from the security deposit,  and performance  security.  If  any amount  is  still  left  un-

recovered it will be a debt due from the Contractor to the Employer 

47.2 If the Contract is terminated at the Employer's convenience, the Engineer shall issue a certificate

for the value of the work done,  the reasonable cost of  removal  of Equipment,  repatriation of the

Contractor's personnel employed solely on the Works, and the Contractor's costs of protecting and

securing the Works and less advance payments received up to the date of the certificate, less other

recoveries due in terms of the Contract, and less taxes due to be deducted at source as per applicable

law. 

48. Property 

48.1 All Materials on the Site, Plant, Equipment, Temporary Works, and Works shall be deemed to be

the property of the Employer  for use for completing balance construction work if the Contract is

terminated because of the Contractor's  default,  till  the Works is  completed after  which it  will  be

transferred to the Contractor and credit, if any, given for its use. 

49. Release from Performance 

If the Contract is frustrated by the outbreak of war or by any other event entirely outside the control of

the Employer or the Contractor, the Engineer shall certify that the Contract has been frustrated. The

Contractor shall make the Site safe and stop work as quickly as possible after receiving this certificate

and shall be paid for all work carried out before receiving it and for any work carried out afterwards to

which a commitment was made.

E. Other Conditions of Contract

50. Labour 

50.1 The Contractor shall, unless otherwise provided in the Contract, make his own arrangements for

the engagement of all staff and labour, local or other, and for their payment, housing, feeding and

transport. 

50.2 The Contractor shall, if required by the Engineer, deliver to the Engineer a return in detail, in

such form and at such intervals as the Engineer may prescribe, showing the staff and the number of

the several classes of labour from time to time employed by the Contractor on the Site and such other

information as the Engineer may require. 

Page | 71



51. Compliance with Labour Regulations 

a. During continuance of the Contract, the Contractor and his sub-Contractors shall abide at all

times by all existing labour enactments and rules made there under, regulations, notifications

and bye laws of the State or Central Government or local authority and any other labour law

(including rules), regulations, bye laws that may be passed or notification that may be issued

under any labour law in future either by the State or the Central Government or the local

authority. 

b. Furthermore, the Contractor shall keep the Employer indemnified in case any action is taken

against the Employer by the competent authority on account of contravention of any of the

provisions  of  any  Act  or  rules  made  there  under,  regulations  or  notifications  including

amendments.  If  the  Employer  is  caused  to  pay  or  reimburse,  such  amounts  as  may  be

necessary  to  cause  or  observe,  or  for  non-observance  of  the  provisions  stipulated  in  the

notifications/bye laws/Acts/Rules/regulations including amendments, if any, on the part of the

Contractor,  the  Engineer/Employer  shall  have  the  right  to  deduct  any money  due  to  the

Contractor including his amount of performance guarantee. The Employer/Engineer shall also

have right to recover from the Contractor any sum required or estimated to be required for

making good the loss or damage suffered by the Employer. 

c. The  Contractor  shall  require  his  employees  to  obey all  applicable  laws,  including  those

concerning safety at work. 

d. The employees of the Contractor and the Sub-Contractor in no case shall be treated as the

employees of the Employer at any point of time. 

52. Drawings and Photographs of the Works 

52.1 The Contractor shall do photography/video photography of the site firstly before the start of the

work, secondly mid-way in the execution of different stages of work as required by Engineer In-

charge  and  lastly  after  the  completion  of  the  work.  No  separate  payment  will  be  made  to  the

Contractor for this. 

52.2 The Contractor shall not disclose details of Drawings furnished to him and works on which he is

engaged without the prior approval of the Engineer in writing. No photograph of the works or any part

thereof  or  plant  employed  thereon,  except  those permitted under  above clause,  shall  be  taken or

permitted  by the Contractor  to  be  taken by any of  his  employees  or  any employees  of  his  sub-

Contractors  without  the  prior  approval  of  the  Engineer  in  writing.  No  photographs/  Video

photography shall  be  published  or  otherwise  circulated  without  the  approval  of  the  Engineer  in

writing. 

53. The Apprentices Act, 1961 

The Contractor shall duly comply with the provisions of the Apprentices Act 1961 (III of 1961), the

rules made there under and the orders that may be issued from time to time under the said Act and the

Page | 72



said Rules and on his failure or neglect to do so, he shall be subject to all liabilities and penalties

provided by the said Act and said Rules. 

54 Contract Document 

The documents forming the contract are to be taken as mutually explanatory of one another. Unless

otherwise provided in the contract, the priority of the documents forming the contract shall be, as

follows: 

1) Contract Agreement (if completed) 

2) The letter of Acceptance 

3) The Bid: 

4) Addendum to Bid; if any 

5) Tender Document 

6) The Bill of Quantities: 

7) The Specification: 

8) Detailed Engineering Drawings 

9) Standard General Conditions of Contracts (GCC) 

10) All correspondence documents between bidder/contractor and MCGM. 

55. Conflict of Interest 

The Applicant shall not have a conflict of interest (the “Conflict of Interest”) that affects the Bidding

Process. Any Applicant found to have a Conflict of Interest shall be disqualified. An Applicant shall

be deemed to have a Conflict of Interest affecting the Bidding Process, if 

1. A constituent of such Applicant is also a constituent of another Applicant; or 

2. Such Applicant has the same legal representative for purposes of this Application as any

other Applicant; or 

3. Such Applicant, or any Associate thereof has a relationship with another Applicant, or any

Associate thereof, directly or through common third party/ parties, that puts either or both of

them in  a  position to  have  access  to  each  other’s  information  about,  or  to  influence the

Application of either or each other; or 

4. The Applicant shall be liable for disqualification if any legal, financial or technical adviser

of the Authority in relation to the Project is engaged by the Applicant, its Member or any

Associate thereof, as the case may be, in any manner for matters related to or incidental to the

Project. For the avoidance of doubt, this disqualification shall not apply where such adviser

was engaged by the Applicant, its Member or Associate in the past but its assignment expired

or was terminated 6 (six) months prior to the date of issue of this TENDER. Nor will this

Page | 73



disqualification apply where such adviser is engaged after a period of 3 (three) years from the

date of commercial operation of the Project. 

56. Applications and costs thereof 

No  Applicant  shall  submit  more  than  one  Application  for  the  Project.  An  applicant  applying

individually shall not be entitled to submit another application either individually. The Applicant shall

be responsible for all  of  the costs associated with the preparation of their  Applications and their

participation in the Bid Process. The Authority will not be responsible or in any way liable for such

costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the Bidding Process. 

57. Acknowledgment by Applicant 

It shall be deemed that by submitting the Application, the Applicant has: 

a. made a complete and careful examination of the tender; 

b. received all relevant information requested from the Authority; 

c. accepted the risk of inadequacy, error or mistake in the information provided in the tender or

furnished by or on behalf of the Authority relating to any of the matters referred; and 

d. Agreed to be bound by the undertakings provided by it under and in terms hereof. 

“The Authority” shall not be liable for any omission, mistake or error in respect of any of the above or

on account of any matter or thing arising out of or concerning or relating to the TENDER or the

Bidding Process, including any error or mistake therein or in any information or data given by the

Authority. 

58. Right to accept or reject any or all Applications/ Bids 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this TENDER, “The Authority” reserves the right to accept or

reject any Application and to annul the Bidding Process and reject all Applications/ Bids, at any time

without  any liability  or  any obligation  for  such  acceptance,  rejection  or  annulment,  and  without

assigning any reasons therefore. In the event that the Authority rejects or annuls all the Bids, it may,

in its discretion, invite all eligible Bidders to submit fresh Bids hereunder. 

“The Authority” reserves the right to reject any Application and/ or Bid if: 

(a) at any time, a material misrepresentation is made or uncovered, or 

(b)  the  Applicant  does not  provide,  within the  time  specified by the Authority,  the  supplemental

information sought by the Authority for evaluation of the Application. 

In case it is found during the evaluation or at any time before signing of the Agreement or after its

execution and during the period of subsistence thereof including the concession thereby granted by

“The  Authority”,  that  one or  more  of  the  pre-qualification conditions  have not  been  met  by the

Applicant, or the Applicant has made material misrepresentation or has given any materially incorrect

Page | 74



or  false  information,  the  Applicant  shall  be  disqualified  forthwith  if  not  yet  appointed  as  the

Successful Bidder either by issue of the LOA (Letter of Approval) or entering into of the Agreement,

and if the Applicant has already been issued the LOA or has entered into the Concession Agreement,

as the case may be, the same shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained therein or in

this TENDER, be liable to be terminated, by a communication in writing by “The Authority” to the

Applicant, without the Authority being liable in any manner whatsoever to the Applicant and without

prejudice  to  any other  right  or  remedy which the  Authority  may have  under  this  TENDER,  the

Bidding Documents, the Concession Agreement or under applicable law. 

“The Authority” reserves the right to verify all statements, information and documents submitted by

the Applicant in response to the TENDER. Any such verification or lack of such verification by the

Authority shall not relieve the Applicant of its obligations or liabilities hereunder nor will it affect any

rights of the Authority there under. 

59 The bid shall be rejected if the bidder- 

A. Stipulates the validity period less than 180 days. 

B. Stipulates own condition/conditions. 

C. Does not fill and (digital) sign undertaking forms, which are incorporated, in the document. 

60 Clarifications 

Applicants requiring any clarification on the tender may notify “the Authority” in writing or by fax or

e-mail. They should send in their queries before the date specified in the header data. “The Authority”

shall Endeavor to respond to the queries within the period specified therein. The responses will be

sent by fax and/or e-mail. The Authority will forward all the queries and its responses thereto, to all

purchasers of the TENDER without identifying the source of queries. 

“The Authority” shall  Endeavor to respond to the questions raised or clarifications sought by the

Applicants. However, the Authority reserves the right not to respond to any question or provide any

clarification, in its sole discretion, and nothing in this Clause shall be taken or read as compelling or

requiring the Authority to respond to any question or to provide any clarification, but not later than

the date provided in header data. 

“The  Authority”  may  also  on  its  own  motion,  if  deemed  necessary,  issue  interpretations  and

clarifications to all Applicants. All clarifications and interpretations issued by the Authority shall be

deemed  to be part  of  the  tender.  Verbal  clarifications  and information  given by Authority or  its

employees or representatives shall not in any way or manner be binding on the Authority. 

61 Amendment of tender 

At any time prior to the deadline for submission of Application, the Authority may, for any reason,

whether at its own initiative or in response to clarifications requested by an Applicant, modify the

tender by the issuance of Addendum. 

Page | 75



Any Addendum thus issued will be sent in writing/ Fax/ Email to all those who have purchased the

tender. 

In order to afford the Applicants a reasonable time for taking an Addendum into account, or for any

other reason, the Authority may, in its sole discretion, extend the Application Due Date.

Preparation and Submission of Application

62. Language 

The Application and all related correspondence and documents in relation to the Bidding Process shall

be in English language. Supporting documents and printed literature furnished by the Applicant with

the Application may be in any other language provided that they are accompanied by translations of

all the pertinent passages in the English language, duly authenticated and certified by the Applicant.

Supporting materials, which are not translated into English, may not be considered. For the purpose of

interpretation and evaluation of the Application, the English language translation shall prevail. 

63 Format and signing of Application 

The Applicant  shall  provide all  the  information  sought  under  this  TENDER.  The Authority  will

evaluate only those Applications that are received in the required formats and complete in all respects.

Incomplete and /or conditional Applications shall be liable to rejection. 

The Applicant  will  upload bid in One Folder in electronic form which shall  contain the scanned

certified copies of the documents given below and the documents uploaded has to be digitally signed

by  the  bidder.  These  copies  shall  be  certified  by  Practicing  Notary  approved  by  the  Govt.  of

Maharashtra or Govt. of India with his stamp, clearly stating his name & registration number, except

where original documents are demanded 

64. Marking of Applications 

The Applicant shall submit the Application in the format specified at Appendix-I, together with the

documents, upload in folder as “VENDOR” together with their respective enclosures 

Applications submitted by fax, telex, telegram shall not be entertained and shall be rejected outright. 

65 Late Applications 

Applications received by the Authority after the specified time on the Application Due Date shall not

be eligible for consideration and shall be summarily rejected. 

66. Confidentiality 

Information relating to the examination, clarification, evaluation, and recommendation for the short-

listed qualified Applicants shall not be disclosed to any person who is not officially concerned with

the process or is not a retained professional advisor advising the Authority in relation to or matters

arising out of, or concerning the Bidding Process. The Authority will treat all information, submitted

as part of Application, in confidence and will require all those who have access to such material to

Page | 76



treat the same in confidence. The Authority may not divulge any such information unless it is directed

to do so by any statutory entity that has the power under law to require its disclosure or is to enforce

or assert any right or privilege of the statutory entity and/ or the Authority or as may be required by

law or in connection with any legal process. 

67. Clarification Of Financial Bids 

To assist in the examination, evaluation and comparison of Bids, the Engineer may, at his discretion,

ask  any  bidder  for  clarification  of  his  Bid,  including  breakdown  of  unit  rates.  The  request  for

clarification and the response shall be in writing or by post/facsimile/e-mail. No Bidder shall contact

the Engineer on any matter relating to his bid from the time of the bid opening to the time the contract

is awarded. Any effort by the Bidder to influence the Engineer in the Engineer’s bid evaluation, bid

comparison or contract award decisions may result in the rejection of the Bidder’s bid. 

68 Inspection of site and sufficiency of tender: 

1. The Contractor shall  inspect and examine the site and its surrounding and shall satisfy himself

before submitting his tender as to the nature of the ground and subsoil (so far as is practicable), the

form and nature of the site,  the quantities and nature of the work and materials necessary for the

completion of the works and means of access to the site, the accommodation he may require and in

general  shall  himself  obtain  all  necessary  information  as  to  risk,  contingencies  and  other

circumstances which may influence or affect  his tender.  He shall  also take into consideration the

hydrological and climatic conditions. 

2.  The  Employer  may  make  available  to  the  Contractor  data  on  hydrological  and  sub-surface

conditions as obtained by or on his behalf from investigations relevant to the works but the Contractor

shall be responsible for his own interpretation thereof. The contractor shall engage his investigating

agency with prior approval of the Engineer from the approved list of such agencies by MCGM or

Govt. at his cost initially before commencing actual work and which shall be reimbursed immediately

subject  to  satisfaction  of  the  Engineer  for  faithful  compliance  and  submission  of  required  data

regarding such investigation within specified time. 

3. The Contractor shall be deemed to have satisfied himself before tendering as to the correctness and

sufficiency of his tender for the works and of the rates and prices quoted in the schedule of works /

items / quantities, or in Bill of Quantities, which rates and prices shall, except as otherwise provided

cover all his obligations under the Contract and all matters and things necessary for proper completion

and maintenance of the works. No extra charges consequent on any misunderstanding. 

4. Not Foreseeable Physical Obstructions or Conditions: If, however, during the execution of the

Works the Contractor encounters physical  obstructions or physical  conditions,  other than climatic

conditions on the Site, which obstructions or conditions were, in his opinion, not foreseeable by an

experienced contractor, the Contractor shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Engineer. On receipt

of such notice, the Engineer shall, if in his opinion such obstructions or conditions could not have

Page | 77



been reasonably foreseen by an experienced contractor, after due consultation with the Contractor,

determine: 

 any extension of time to which the Contractor is entitled and 

 The amount of any costs which may have been incurred by the Contractor by reason of such

obstructions or conditions having been encountered, which shall  be added to the Contract

Price. 

 and shall  notify the Contractor accordingly.  Such determination shall  take account of any

instruction which the Engineer may issue to the Contractor in connection therewith, and any

proper and reasonable measures acceptable to the Engineer which the Contractor may take in

the absence of specific instructions from the Engineer. However such costings shall be got

approved by the competent authority as governed vide rules prevailing with authority. 

5. Office for the Engineer (Works costing up to Rs.50 Lakhs) 

The Contractor shall at his own cost and to satisfaction of the Engineer provide a small temporary

office, at the work-site which will include tables, chairs and lockers for keeping the records. He shall

also make necessary arrangements for drinking water, telephone with a pre-requisite of e-governance

and electronic communication. These offices are not to be allowed on public roads without the written

instruction of the Engineer. These offices should be preferably located within 50 to 500 m of the

worksite. In case the office is more than 500m away from the worksite, the contractor is to provide

conveyance for Municipal Staff. 

6. Office for the Engineer (Works costing above Rs.50 lakhs) 

The Contractor shall at his own cost and to satisfaction of the Engineer provide a temporary office at

the work-site which will include tables, chairs and lockers for keeping the records. He shall also make

necessary arrangements for drinking water, latrines, with doors, windows, locks, bolts and fastenings

sufficient for security for the Engineer, and his subordinates, as close to the works from time to time

in progress as can be conveniently arranged, and shall at his own cost furnish the office with such

chairs, tables, lockers, locks and fastenings as may be required by the Engineer, and no expense of

any kind in connection with the erection or upkeep of the offices or fittings shall be borne by the

Corporation,  but  all  such  work  shall  be  carried  out  by the  Contractor  and  the  expenses  thereof

defrayed by him. The Contractor shall also make water connections and fit up stand pipe with a bib

tap at each office. The latrines and the water connections shall be subject to all the conditions herein

elsewhere  laid  down  for  temporary  water  connection  and  latrines  generally  with  all  requisite

equipments for e-governance and electronic and digital communication. These offices are not to be

allowed on public  roads without  the  written instruction of the Engineer.  These offices  should be

preferably located within 50 to 500 m of the worksite. In case the office is more than 500m away from

the worksite, the contractor is to provide conveyance. Also, for staff working beyond working hours

the contractor has to provide conveyance. 

Page | 78



7.  Permission for provision and removal  of office on completion of work:  The tenderer shall

obtain permission for provision of site office, cement go-down, store, etc. on payment of necessary

cost implication. The cement go-down, Watchman cabins, etc. shall be provided as directed and shall

be removed by the Tenderers on completion of the work at their cost. It is binding on the Tenderer to

fulfill requirements of Environmental Authorities. The location of such office shall be finalized and

got approved from the Engineer before erection/commencement work. 

8.  Contractor’s office near works: The Contractor shall  have an office near the works at which

notice from the Commissioner or the Engineer may be served and shall, between the hours of sunrise

and sunset on all working days, have a clerk or some other authorized person always present at such

office upon whom such notices may be served and service of any notices left with such clerk or other

authorized person or at such office shall be deemed good service upon the Contractor and such offices

shall have pre-requisite facilities for e-governance. 

69. Official Secrecy: 

The Contractor shall of all the persons employed in any works in connection with the contract that the

India Official Secrets Act 1923 (XIX of 1923) applies to them and will continue to apply even after

execution of the said works and they will not disclose any information regarding this contract to any

third party. The contractor shall also bring into notice that, any information found to be leaked out or

disclosed the concern person as well as the Contractor will  be liable for penal action; further the

Corporation will be at liberty to terminate the contract without notice. 

70. Subsequent Legislation: 

If on the day of submission of bids for the contract, there occur changes to any National or State

stature,  Ordinance,  decree  or  other  law or  any regulation  or  By-laws or  any local  or  other  duly

constituted authority or the introduction of any such National or State Statute, Ordinance, decree or by

which causes additional or reduced cost to the Contractor, such additional or reduced cost shall, after

due consultation with the Contractor,  be determined by the concerned Engineering Department of

MCGM and shall be added to or deducted from the Contract Price with prior approval of competent

authority and the concerned Engineering Department shall notify the Contractor accordingly with a

copy to the Employer. MCGM reserve the right to take decision in respect of addition/reduction of

cost in contract. 

71. Patent, Right and Royalties: 

The contractor shall save harmless and indemnify the Corporation from and against all claims and

proceedings for or on account of infringement of any Patent rights, design trademark or name of other

protected rights  in  respect  of  any constructional  plant,  machine  work,  or  material  used for  or  in

connection with the Works or any of them and from and against all claims, proceedings, damages,

costs,  charges  and  expenses  whatsoever  in  respect  thereof  or  in  relation  thereto.  Except  where

otherwise specified, the contractor shall pay all tonnage and other royalties, rent and other payments

Page | 79



or compensation, if any, for getting stone, sand, gravel, clay or other materials required for the works

or any of them. 

72. Payments, Tax and Claims: 

    The limit for unforeseen claims 

Under no circumstances whatever the contractor shall be entitled to any compensation from

MCGM on any account unless the contractor shall have submitted a claim in writing to the

Eng-in-change within 1 month of the case of such claim occurring. 

    No interest for delayed payments due to disputes, etc: 

It is agreed that the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai or its Engineer or Officer shall

not be liable to pay any interest or damage with respect of any moneys or balance which may

be in its or its Engineer’s or officer’s hands owing to any dispute or difference or claim or

misunderstanding between the Municipal Corporation of Greater Bombay or its Engineer or

Officer on the one hand and the contractor on the other, or with respect to any delay on the

part of the Municipal Corporation of Greater Bombay or its Engineer or Officers in making

periodical or final payments or in any other respect whatever. 

73. Settlement of Disputes: 

    Termination of contract for death 

If the Contractor is an individual or a proprietary concern and the individual or the proprietor dies and

if  the  Contractor  is  a  partnership  concern  and  one  of  the  legal  representative  of  the  individual

Contractor  or  the  proprietor  of  the  proprietary concern  and in  case  of  partnership,  the  surviving

partners, are capable of carrying out and completing the contract, the Commissioner shall be entitled

to cancel the contract as to its uncompleted part without the Corporation being in any way liable to

payment of any compensation to the estate of the deceased Contractor and or to the surviving partners

of  the  Contractor’s  firm  on  account  of  the  cancellation  of  the  contract.  The  decision  of  the

Commissioner that the legal representative of the deceased Contractor or surviving partners of the

Contractor’s firm cannot carry out and complete the contract shall be final and binding on the parties.

In the event of such cancellation the Commissioner shall not hold estate of the deceased Contractor

and or surviving partners of the Contractor’s firm liable in damages for not completing the contract. 

    Settlement of Disputes: 

If any dispute or differences of any kind whatsoever other than those in respect of which, the decision

of any person is, by the Contract, expressed to be final and binding) shall arise between the Employer

and the  Contractor  or  the  Engineer  and the  Contractor  in  connection  with  or  arising  out  of  the

Contract  or  carrying  out  of  the  Works (Whether  during the progress  of  the  Works  or  after  their

completion and whether before or after the termination, abandonment or breach of the Contract) it, the

aggrieved party may refer such dispute within a period of 7 days to the concerned Addl. Municipal

Commissioner who shall constitute a committee comprising of three officers i.e. concerned Deputy

Page | 80



Municipal Commissioner or Director (ES&P), Chief Engineer other than the Engineer of the Contract

and concerned Chief  Accountant.  The  Committee  shall  give  decision  in  writing  within  60  days.

Appeal on the Order of the Committee may be referred to the Municipal Commissioner within 7 days.

Thereafter  the  Municipal  Commissioner  shall  constitute  a  Committee  comprising  of  three  Addl.

Municipal  Commissioners  including  Addl.  Municipal  Commissioner  in  charge  of  Finance

Department. The Municipal Commissioner within a period of 90 days after being requested to doso

shall  give written notice of committee’s  decision to the Contractor.  Save as herein provided such

decision in respect of every matter so referred shall be final and binding upon both parties until the

completion of the works, and shall forthwith be given effect to by the Contractor who shall proceed

with the works with due diligence, whether he requires arbitration as hereinafter provided or not. If

the  Commissioner  has  given  written  notice  of  the  decision  to  the  Contractor  and  no  Claim  to

arbitration has been communicated within a period of 90 days from receipt of such notice the said

decision shall remain final and binding upon the Contractor. 

74. Arbitration and Jurisdiction: 

If the Commissioner shall fail to give notice of the decision as aforesaid within a period of 90 days

after being requested as aforesaid, or if the Contractor be dissatisfied with any such decision, then and

in any such case the Contractor may within 90 days after receiving notice of such decision or within

90 days after the expirations of the first named period of 90 days (as the case may be) require that the

matter  or  matters  in  dispute  be  referred  to  arbitration  as  herein  after  provided.  All  disputes  or

differences in respect of which the decision (if any) of the Commissioner has not become final and

binding as aforesaid shall be finally settled by 

Arbitration as follows: 

Arbitration shall be effected by a single arbitrator agreed upon the parties. The arbitration shall be

conducted  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Arbitration  Act,  1996  or  any  statutory

modifications thereof, and shall be held at such place and time within the limits of Brihan Mumbai as

the arbitrator may determine. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties

hereto  and  the  expense  of  the  arbitration  shall  be  paid  as  may  be  determined  by the  arbitrator.

Performance  under  the  Contract  shall,  if  reasonably be possible,  continued during the arbitration

proceedings and payment due to the Contractor by the Employer shall not be withheld unless they are

the subject matter of arbitration proceedings. The said arbitrator shall have full power to open up,

review and revise any decision, opinion, direction, certification or valuation of the Commissioner and

neither party shall be limited in the proceedings before such arbitrator to the evidence or arguments

put before the Commissioner for the purpose of obtaining his said decision. No decision given by the

Commissioner in accordance with the foregoing provisions shall disqualify him from being called as a

witness and giving evidence before the arbitrator on any matters whatsoever relevant to the disputes

or difference referred to the arbitrator as aforesaid. All awards shall  be in writing and for claims

equivalent to 5,00,000 or more such awards shall state reasons for amounts awarded. The expenditure

of arbitration shall be paid as may be determined by arbitrator. 

Page | 81



In case of any claim, dispute or difference arising in respect of a contract, the cause of action thereof

shall be deemed to have arisen in Mumbai and all legal proceedings in respect of any claim, dispute or

difference shall be instituted in a competent court in the City of Mumbai only. 

75 Copyright: 

The copyright of all drawings and other documents provided by the Contractor under the contract

shall remain vested in the Contractor or his sub-contractors as the case may be the employer shall

have a license to use such drawings and other documents in connection with the design, construction,

operation, maintenance of the works. At any time the Employer shall have further license without

additional  payment  to  the Contractor  to use  any such drawings or documents  for the  purpose of

making any improvement of the works or enlargement or duplication of any part thereof, provided

that  such  improvement,  enlargement,  or  duplication  by  itself  or  in  conjunction  with  any  other

improvements, enlargements or duplications already made in accordance with the further license does

not result in the duplication of the whole works. 

76. Receipts to be signed in firm’s name by any one of the partners: 

Every  receipt  for  money  which  may  become  payable  or  for  any  security  which  may  become

transferable to the Contractor under these present shall, if signed in the partnership name by any one

of the partners, be a good and sufficient discharge to the Commissioner and Municipal Corporation in

respect of the money or security purporting to be acknowledged thereby, and in the event of death of

any of the partners during the pendency of this contract,  it  is hereby expressly agreed that every

receipt by any one of the surviving partners shall, if so signed as aforesaid, be good and sufficient

discharge as aforesaid provided that nothing in this clause contained shall be deemed to prejudice or

effect any claim which the Commissioner or the Corporation may hereafter have against the legal

representatives of any partners so dying or in respect of any breach of any of the conditions thereof,

provided also that nothing in this clause contained shall be deemed prejudicial or affect the respective

rights or obligations of the Contractors and of the legal representatives of any deceased Contractors

interest. 

77 Proprietary data 

All documents and other information supplied by the Authority or submitted by an Applicant to the

Authority shall remain or become the property of the Authority. Applicants are to treat all information

as strictly confidential and shall not use it for any purpose other than for preparation and submission

of their Application. The Authority will not return any Application or any information provided along

therewith. 

78. Correspondence with the Applicant 

Save and except as provided in this TENDER, the Authority shall not entertain any correspondence

with any Applicant in relation to the acceptance or rejection of any Application. 

79. Price Variation Clause 

Page | 82



The Contractor shall be reimbursed or shall refund to the Corporation as he case may be the variation

in the value of the work carried out from time to time, depending on whether the prices of material

and labour as a whole rise or fall, and the method adopted for such computations shall be as given

below, it being clearly understood that the contractor shall have no claim for being reimbursed on the

ground that the price of a particular material or group of materials have risen beyond the limits of the

presumptions made in the following paras, however, no price variations shall be made applicable for

contracts up to 12 months: 

A) Controlled materials: Price variations shall be permitted in respect of these materials the price level

of which is controlled by the Government or its agency. The rate ruling on the date of submission of

the tender shall be considered as the basic price of such material for adjustment. Any variation in this

rate  shall  be  considered  for  reimbursement  to  the  contractor  or  refund  to  be  claimed  from the

contractor as the case may be. The contractor shall, for the purpose of adjustment submit in original

the relevant documents from the suppliers. 

B) Labour and other materials: For the purpose of this contract and for allowing reimbursement of

refund on account of variation of prices of (i) labour, and (ii) materials other than materials mentioned

in A above,  computation will  be  based on the formula  enunciated below which is  based on the

presumptions that : 

i. The general price level of labour, rises or falls in proportion to the rise or fall of consumer

price index number 9 (general) for working class in Mumbai. 

ii. The general price level of materials rises or falls in proportion to rise or fall of whole-sale

price index as published by ‘Economic Adviser to Govt. of India’.

iii. And that  the  component  of  labour  is  to  the  extent  of  30  percent  of  88  percent  and  the

component of materials is to the extent of 70 percent of 88 percent of the value of the work

carried out. The remaining 12 percent being the presumptive profit of the contractor.

a. Formula for Labour component: 

VL =
(0.88 R) x 30 

X
(I – IO)

100

100 IO 

b. Formula for Material component : 

VM =
(0.88 R x 70 - C)

X
(W – WO)

100

Where – 

Page | 83



VL = Amount of price variation to be reimbursed or claimed as refund on account of general rise or

fall of index referred to above. 

I = Consumer Price Index number of working class for Mumbai (declared by the Commissioner of

Labour and Director of Employment, Mumbai) applicable to the period under reference (base year

ending 2004-05 as 100 i.e. new series of indices). 

IO = Consumer price index number for working class for Mumbai (declared by the Commissioner of

labour and Director of Employment, Mumbai) prevailing, on the day of 28 days prior to the date of

submission of the tender. 

VM = The amount of price variation to be reimbursed or claimed as refund on account of general rise

or fall of wholesale price index for period under reference. 

W = Average wholesale price index as published by Economic Adviser to Govt. of India applicable to

the period under reference. 

WO = Wholesale price index as stated above prevailing on the day of 28 days prior to the date of

submission of the tender. 

R = Total value of the work done during the period under reference as recorded in the Measurement

Book excluding water charges and sewerage charges but including cost of excess in respect of item

upto 50 percent 

C = Total value of Controlled materials used for the works as recorded in Measurement Book and

paid for at original basic rate plus the value of materials used . 

i. The quantity of the Controlled material  adopted in working out  the value of ‘C’ shall  be

inclusive of permitted wastages as / if mentioned in specifications. 

ii. The basic rate for the supply of controlled material shall be inclusive of all the components of

cost of materials excluding transport charges incurred for bringing the material from place of

delivery to the site. 

Computations based on the above formula will be made for the period of each bill separately

and reimbursement will be made to (when the result is plus) and refund will claimed from

(when the result is minus) the contractor’s next bill. The above formulae will be replaced by

the formulae in Annexure-I as and when mentioned in special conditions of contract 

The operative period of the contract for application of price variation shall mean the period

commencing from the date  of  commencement  of  work mentioned in  the  work  order  and

ending on the date when time allowed for the work order and ending on the date when time

allowed for the work specified in the contract for work expires, taking into consideration, the

extension of time, if any, for completion of the work granted by Engineer under the relevant

clause  of  the  conditions  of  contract  in  cases  other  than  those  where  such  extension  is

necessitated on account of default of the contractor. 

Page | 84



The decision of the Engineer as regards the operative period of the contract shall be finaland

binding on the contractors. 

iii. Where there is no supply of controlled items to contractor the component ‘C’ shall be taken as

zero. 

C) Adjustment after completion: If the Contractor fails to complete the works within the time for

completion adjustment of prices thereafter until the date of completion of the works shall be made

using either the indices or prices relating to the prescribed time for completion, or the current indices

or  prices  whichever  is  more  favorable  to  the  employer,  provided that  if  an  extension of  time  is

granted, the above provision shall apply only to adjustments made after the expiry of such extension

of time. 

D) Price variation will be calculated similarly and separately for extra items and / or excess quantities

and provisional sums calculated under Sub Clause 10 (b)A (i)&(ii) and Sub Clause 10 (b) B(ii) based

on  the  above  formula/formulae  in  Annexure-I  as  and  when  mentioned  in  Special  conditions  of

contract; IO and WO being the indices applicable to the date on which the rates under Sub Clause 10

(a)A (i)&(ii) and Sub Clause 10 (a) B(iii) are fixed. No price variation shall be admissible for FAIR

items created during execution.

80. Maximum Price Variation shall be as follows:

Time Period of Project Maximum limit of Price Variation 
Up to 12 months No variation allowed 
Above12 months to 24 
months 

5% 

Above 24 months 10% 

*Approval of AMC/MC shall be obtained before invitation of tender in case of any changes in

above. 

Note: 

1) The extension in time period for the projects originally estimated including monsoon results

in change of price variation slabs as mentioned above i.e.from first slab to second slab or

from second slab to third slab, then the maximum limit of original slab will prevail. 

2) Operative period shall mean original or extended time period of contract. 

For example:

Extension of Time period Maximum Price Variation 
If original period of 11 months 
including monsoon extends to 16. 
The operative period will be 11+5 
months. 

No variation allowed 

If original period of 11 months 
excluding monsoon extends to 16. 
The operative period will be 11+5 
months. 

Maximum 5% variation 
allowed 

Page | 85



Price Variation during Extended Period of Contract: 

i. Extension Due To Modification & Extension for delay due to MCGM : 

The price variation for the period of extension granted shall be limited to the amount payable

as  per  the  Indices.  In  case  the  indices  increases  or  decreases,  above/below  the  indices

applicable, to the last month of the original or extended period vide clause8(l)(a)(i) and (ii) of

standard GCC 

ii. Extension Of Time For Delay Due To Contractor : 

a. The price variation for the period of extension granted shall be limited to the amount payable

as per the Indices in case the indices increase, above the indices applicable, to the last month

of the original completion period or the extended period vide above clause 8(l)(a)(i) and (ii)

of standard GCC. 

b. The price variation shall  be limited to the amount payable as per the indices, in case the

indices decrease or fall below the indices applicable, to the last month of original / extended

period of completion period vide above clause 8(l)(b) of standard GCC, then lower indices

shall be adopted. 

iii. Extension  of  Time  For  Delay  due  to  reasons  not  attributable  to  MCGM and  Contractor

(Reference Cl.8(d) of Standard GCC): 

The price variation for the period of extension granted shall be limited to the amount payable as per

the Indices in case the indices increases or decreases, above/below the indices applicable, to the last

month of the original period.

81. Payment: 

Interim Payment: 

i. Interim bills shall be submitted by the Contractor from time to time (but at an interval of not

less than one month) for the works executed. The Engineer shall arrange to have the bill s

verified by taking or causing to be taken,  where necessary,  the requisite measurement  of

work. 

ii. Payment on account for amount admissible shall be made on the Engineer certifying the sum

to which the Contractor is considered entitled by way of interim payment for all the work

executed, after deducting there from the amount already paid, the security deposit / retention

money and such other amounts as may be deductible or recoverable in terms of the contract. 

iii. On request, the contractor will be paid upto 75 percent of the value of the work carried out as

an adhoc payment in the first week of next month after deducting there from recoveries on

account of advances, interest, retention money, income tax etc. The balance payment due will

be paid thereafter. 

Page | 86



iv. No interim payment will be admitted until such time the Contractor have fully complied with

the requirement of the Condition no.8 (g) and 8 (h) concerning submission and approval of

Network Schedule for the works, as detailed in Condition 8 (h). A fixed sum shall be held in

abeyance at the time of next interim payment for non-attainment of each milestone in the

network and shall be released only on attainment of the said milestone. 

v. An interim certificate given relating to work done or material delivered may be modified or

corrected by a subsequent interim certificate or by the final certificate. No certificate of the

Engineer supporting an interim payment shall of itself be conclusive evidence that any work

or materials to which it relates is / are in accordance with the contract. 

82.  Banning/De-Registration of  Agencies  of  Construction works  /  SITC of  M&E Works  in

MCGM 

    The  regulations  regarding  Demotion/  Suspension  Banning  for  specific  period  or

permanently  /  De-Registration  shall  be  governed  as  per  the  respective  condition  in

Contractor Registration Rules of MCGM. 

83. JOINT VENTURE 

In case if Joint Venture is allowed for the Project, the guidelines for JV as follows shall be

incorporated in the Tender Document: 

a.   Joint Venture should be allowed only when the number of identifiable different works is more

than one and/or the estimated cost of tender is more than Rs.100 Crores. JV shall also be

allowed for complex technical work below Rs.100 Crores with the approval of con-cerned

AMC 

b.   Separate identity/name shall be given to the Joint Venture firm. 

c.   Number of members in a JV firm shall not be more than three in normal circumstances, if the

work involves only one discipline (say Civil or Electrical). If number of members in JV is

required to be more than three, then approval of concerned AMC needs to be sought. 

d.   A member of JV firm shall not be permitted to participate either in individual capacity or asa

member of another JV firm in the same tender. 

e.   The tender form shall be purchased and submitted in the 'name of the JV firm or any con-

stituent member of the JV. 

f.    Normally EMD shall be submitted only in the name of the JV and not in the name of con-

stituent  member.  However,  EMD in the name of  lead partner  can be accepted subject  to

submission of specific request letter from lead partner stating the reasons for not submitting

the EMD in the name of JV and giving written confirmation from the JV partners to the ef-

fect that the EMD submitted by the lead partner may be deemed as EMD submitted by JV

firm. 

Page | 87



g.   One of the members of the JV firm shall be the lead member of the JV firm who shall have a

majority (at least 51%) share of interest in the JV firm. The other members shall have a share

of not less than 20% each in case of JV firms with up to three members and not less than 10%

each in case of JV firms with more than three members.  In case of JV firm with foreign

member(s), the lead member has to be an Indian firm with a minimum share of 51%. 

h.   A copy of Letter of Intent or Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) executed by the JV

members shall be submitted by the JV firm along with the tender. The complete details of the

members of the JV firm, their share and responsibility in the JV firm etc. particularly with

reference to financial technical and other obligation shall be furnished in the agree-ment. 

i.    Once the tender is submitted, the agreement shall not be modified/altered/terminated during

the validity of the tender. In case the tenderer fails to observe/comply with this stipulation, the

full  Earnest  Money Deposit  (EMD) shall  be forfeited.  In case of successful  tenderer,  the

validity of this agreement shall be extended till the currency of the contract expires. 

j.    Approval for change of constitution of JV firm shall be at the sole discretion of the MCGM.

The constitution of the JV firm shall not be allowed to be modified after submission of the

tender bid by the JV firm except when modification becomes inevitable due to succession

laws etc. and in any case the minimum eligibility criteria should not get vitiated. In any case

the Lead Member should continue to be the Lead Member of the JV firm. Failure to observe

this requirement would render the offer invalid. 

k.   Similarly, after the contract is awarded, the constitution of JV firm shall not be allowed to be

altered during the currency of contract except when modification become inevitable due to

succession laws etc. and in any case the minimum eligibility criteria should not get viti-ated.

Failure  to  observe  this  stipulation  shall  be  deemed  to  be  breach  of  contract  with  all

consequential penal action as per contract condition. 

l.    On award of contract to a JV firm, a single Performance Guarantee shall be required to be

submitted  by the  JV firm as  per  tender  conditions.  All  the  Guarantees  like  Performance

Guarantee, Bank Guarantee for Mobilization advance, machinery Advance etc. shall be ac-

cepted only in the name of the JV firm and no splitting of guarantees amongst the members of

the JV firm shall be permitted. 

m.  On issue of LOA, an agreement among the members of the JV firm (to whom the work has

been awarded) has to be executed and got registered before the Registrar of the Companies

under  Companies  Act  or before the  Registrar  /  Sub-Registrar  under the  Registration Act,

1908. This agreement shall be submitted by the JV firm to the MCGM before signing the

contract agreement for the work. (This agreement format should invariably be part of the

tender condition). In case the tenderer fails to observe/comply with this stipulation, the full

Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) shall be forfeited and other penal actions due shall be taken

against partners of the JV and the JV. This joint venture agreement shall  have, inter-alia,

following clauses:- 

Page | 88



i.     Joint and several liability - The members of the JV firm to which the contract is award-

ed, shall be jointly and severally liable to the Employer (MCGM) for execution of the

pro-ject  in  accordance  with  General  and  Special  conditions  of  the  contract.  The  JV

members shall  also be liable jointly and severally for the loss, damages caused to the

MCGM during the course of execution of the contract  or  due to no execution of the

contract or part there-of. 

ii.     Duration of the Joint Venture Agreement -It shall be valid during the entire period of

the contract including the period of extension if any and the maintenance period after the

work is completed. 

iii.     Governing Laws - The Joint Venture Agreement shall in all respect be governed by and

interpreted in accordance with Indian Laws. 

iv.     Authorized Member -Joint Venture members shall authorize one of the members on be-

half of the Joint Venture firm to deal with the tender, sign the agreement or enter into

con-tract in respect of the said tender, to receive payment, to witness joint measurement

of work done, to sign measurement books and similar such action in respect of the said

ten-der/contract. All notices/correspondences with respect to the contract would be sent

only to this authorized member of the JV firm. 

No member of the Joint Venture firm shall have the right to assign or transfer the interest right or

liability in the contract without the written consent of the other members and that of the employer in

respect of the said tender/contract. 

n.   Documents to be enclosed by the JV firm along with the tender: 

i.      In case  one or more  of the  members  of  the  JV firm is/are partnership firm(s),  following

documents shall be submitted: 

a)   Notary certified copy of the Partnership Deed, 

b)   Consent of all the partners to enter into the Joint Venture Agreement on a stamp paper of

appropriate value (in original). 

c)   Power of Attorney (duly registered as per prevailing law) in favor of one of the partners

to sign the MOU and JV Agreement on behalf of the partners and cre-ate liability against

the firm. 

ii.      In case one or more members is/are Proprietary Firm or HUF, the following documents shall

be enclosed: 

a)  Affidavit on Stamp Paper of appropriate value declaring that his Concern is a Proprietary

Concern and he is sole proprietor of the Concern OR he is in posi-tion of "KARTA" of

Hindu Undivided Family and he has the authority,  power and consent given by other

partners to act on behalf of HUF. 

Page | 89



iii.      In case one or more members is/are limited companies, the following documents shall  be

submitted: 

a)   Notary certified copy of resolutions of the Directors of the Company, permitting the company

to enter into a JV agreement, authorizing MD or one of the Direc-tors or Managers of the

Company to sign MOU, JV Agreement,  such other doc-uments  required to  be signed on

behalf of the Company and enter into liability against the company and/or do any other act on

behalf of the company. 

b)   Copy of Memorandum and articles of Association of the Company. 

c)   Power of Attorney (duly registered as per prevailing law) by the Company au-thorizing the

person to do/act mentioned in the para (a) above. 

o.   All the members of the JV shall certify that they have not been black listed or debarred by

MCGM from participation in tenders/contract in the past either in their individual capacity or

the JV firm or partnership firm in which they were members / partners. 

p.   Credentials & Qualifying criteria: Technical and financial eligibility of the JV firm shall be

adjudged based on satisfactory fulfilment of the following criteria: 

Technical eligibility criteria: In case of Work involving single discipline, the Lead member of the

JV firm shall meet at least 35% requirement of technical capacity as stipulated in tender document. 

OR

In case of composite works (e.g. works involving more than one distinct component such as Civil

Engineering works, M&E works, Electrical works, etc. and in the case of major bridges, substructure

and superstructure etc.), atleast one member should have satisfactorily completed 35% of the value of

any one component of the project work so as to cover all the components of project work or any

member having satisfactorily completed 35% of the value of work of each component during last

seven financial years. 

In such cases, what constitutes a component in a composite work shall be clearly defined as part

of the tender condition without any ambiguity. 

Financial eligibility criteria:  The contractual payments received by the JV firm or the arithmetic

sum of contractual payments received by all the members of JV firm in any one of the previous three

financial years and shall be at least  100% of the estimated value of the work as mentioned in the

tender. 

84. Compensation for delay: 

If the Contractor fails to complete the works and clear the site on or before the Contract or extended

date(s) / period(s) of completion, he shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy of Municipal

Corporation on account of such breach, pay as agreed compensation, amount calculated as stipulated

below (or such smaller amount as may be fixed by the Engineer) on the contract value of the whole

work or on the contract value of the time or group of items of work for which separate period of

Page | 90



completion are given in the contract and of which completion is delayed for every week that the

whole of the work of item or group of items of work concerned remains uncompleted, even though

the contract as a whole be completed by the contract or the extended date of completion. For this

purpose  the  term ‘Contract  Value’  shall  be  the  value  of  the  work  at  Contract  Rates  as  ordered

including the value of all deviations ordered: 

 Completion period for projects (originally stipulated or as extended) not exceeding 6 months:

to the extent of maximum 1 percent per week. 

 Completion period for projects (originally stipulated or as extended) exceeding 6 months and

not exceeding 2 years: to the extent of maximum ½ percent per week. 

 Completion period for projects (originally stipulated or as extended) exceeding 2 years: to the

extent of maximum ¼ percent per week. 

When the delay is not a full week or in multiple of a week but involves a fraction of a week the

compensation payable for that fraction shall be proportional to the number of days involved. 

Provided always that the total amount of compensation for delay to be paid this condition shall not

exceed the undernoted percentage of the Contract Value of the item or group of items of work for

which a separate period of completion is given. 

i. Completion  period  (as  originally  stipulated  or  as  extended)  not  exceeding  6  months:  10

percent. 

ii. Completion  period  (as  originally  stipulated  or  as  extended)  exceeding  6  months  and not

exceeding 2 years: 7½ percent. 

iii. Completion period (as originally stipulated or as extended) exceeding 2 years: 5 percent. 

The amount of compensation may be adjusted set off against any sum payable to the contractor under

this or any other contract with the Municipal Corporation. 

85.  Action  and  Compensation  Payable  In  Case  Of  Bad  Work  and  Not  Done  As  Per

Specifications 

All works under or in course of execution or executed in pursuance of the contract, shall at all times

be open and accessible to the inspection and supervision of the Engineer-in-charge, his authorized

subordinates in charge of the work and all the superior officers, officer of the Vigilance Department of

the MCGM or any organization engaged by the MCGM for Quality Assurance and the contractor

shall, at all times, during the usual working hours and at all other times at which reasonable notice of

the visit of such officers has been given to the contractor, either himself be present to receive orders

and instructions  or have a  responsible  agent  duly accredited in writing,  present  for  that  purpose.

Orders given to the Contractor’s agent shall be considered to have the same force as if they had been

given to the contractor himself. 

If it shall appear to the Engineer-in-charge or his authorized subordinates in-charge of the work or to

the officer of Vigilance Department, that any work has been executed with unsound, imperfect or

Page | 91



unskillful workmanship or with materials of any inferior description, or that any materials or articles

provided by him for the execution of the work are unsound or of a quality inferior to that contracted

for or otherwise not in accordance with the contract, the contractor shall, on demand in writing which

shall  be made  within twelve months  of the completion of the work from the Engineer-in-Charge

specifying the work, materials or articles complained of notwithstanding that the same may have been

passed, certified and paid for forthwith rectify, or remove and reconstruct the work so specified in

whole or in part, as the case may require or as the case may be, remove the materials or articles so

specified and provide other proper and suitable materials or articles at his own charge and cost. In the

event  of  the  failing to do so within a period specified by the Engineer-in-Charge in his demand

aforesaid, then the contractor shall be liable to pay compensation at the same rate as under clause 8.e.

of the general condition of contract in section 9 of tender document (for Compensation for delay) for

this  default.  In  such  case  the  Engineer-in  Charge  may not  accept  the  item of  work  at  the  rates

applicable under the contract but may accept such items at reduced rates as the Engineer in charge

may consider reasonable during the preparation of on account bills  or  final  bill  if  the item is so

acceptable without detriment to the safety and utility of the item and the structure or he may reject the

work outright without any payment and/or get it and other connected and incidental items rectified, or

removed and re-executed at the risk and cost of the contractor. Decision of the Engineer-in-Charge to

be conveyed in writing in respect of the same will be final and binding on the contractor. 

If the penalisation amount exceeds maximum limit with respect to Clause 8.e of Standard General

Conditions of Contract, then a show cause notice shall necessarily be issued to the contract as to why

the contract should not be terminated. 

86. Contractors remain liable to pay compensation: 

In any case in  which any of  the  powers  conferred upon the Engineer  In-charge by the  relevant

clauses  in documents that form a part of contract as exercised or is exercisable in the event of any

future case of default by the Contractor, he is declared liable to pay compensation amounting to the

whole of his security deposit. The liability of the Contractor for past and future compensation shall

remain unaffected. 

In the event of the Executive Engineer taking action against these relevant clauses, he may, if he so

desires, take possession of all or any tools and plant, materials and stores in or upon the work of site

thereof or belonging to the Contractor or procured by him and intended to be used for the execution of

the work or any part thereof paying or allowing for the same in account at the contract rates, or in the

case of contract rates not being applicable at current market rates to be certified by the Executive

Engineer,  may after  giving notice  in  writing to  the  Contractor  or  his  staff  of  the  work  or  other

authorized agent require him to remove such tools and plants, materials or stores from the premises

within a time to be specified in such notice and in the event of the Contractor failing to comply with

any such requisition, the Executive Engineer may remove them at the contractors expense of sell them

by auction or private sell on account of the Contractor at his risk in all respects and certificate of the

Page | 92



Executive Engineer as to the expense of any such removal and the amount of the proceeds an expense

of any such sell be final and conclusive against the Contractor. 

87. No Claim To Any Payment Or Compensation Or Alteration In Or Restriction Of Work 

a) If at any time after the execution of contract documents, the Engineer shall for any reason

whatsoever, desires that the whole or any part of the works specified in the Tender should be

suspended for any period or that the whole or part of the work should not be carried out, at all,

he shall give to the Contractor a Notice in writing of such desire and upon the receipt of such

notice, the Contractor shall forthwith suspend or stop the work wholly or in part as required

after  having due regard to the appropriate stage at  which the work should be stopped or

suspended so as not to cause any damage or injury the work already done or endanger the

safety thereof, provided that the decision of the Engineer as to the stage at which the work or

any part of it could be or could have been safely stopped or suspended shall be final and

conclusive against the contractor. 

The Contractor shall have no claim to any payment or compensation whatsoever by reason of

or  in  pursuance  of  any  notice  as  aforesaid,  on  account  of  any  suspension,  stoppage  or

curtailment except to the extent specified hereinafter. 

b) Where the total suspension of Work Order as aforesaid continued for a continuous period

exceeding  90  days  the  contractor  shall  be  at  liberty  to  withdraw  from  the  contractual

obligations under the contract so far as it pertains to the unexecuted part of the work by giving

10 days prior notice in writing to the Engineer within 30 days of the expiry of the said period

of 90 days, of such intention and requiring the Engineering to record the final measurement of

the work already done and to pay final bill. Upon giving such Notice, the Contractor shall be

deem to have been discharged from his obligations to complete the remaining unexecuted

work under his contract. On receipt of such notice the Engineer shall proceed to complete the

measurement and make such payment as may be finally due to the contractor within a period

of  90  days  from the  receipt  of  such  Notice  in  respect  of  the  work  already done  by the

contractor. Such payment shall not in any manner prejudice the right of the contractor to any

further compensation under the remaining provisions of this clause. 

c) Where the Engineer required to Contractor to suspend the work for a period in excess of 30

days at any time or 60 days in the aggregate, the Contractor shall be entitled to apply to the

Engineer within 30 days of the resumption of the work after such suspension for payment of

compensation to the extent of pecuniary loss suffered by him in respect of working machinery

remained ideal on the site of on the account of his having an to pay the salary of wages and

labour  engaged  by  him  during  the  said  period  of  suspension  provided  always  that  the

contractor shall not be entitled to any claim in respect of any such working machinery, salary

or wages for the first 30 days whether consecutive or in the aggregate or such suspension or in

respect  of  any such suspension whatsoever  occasion by unsatisfactory work or  any other

Page | 93



default on his part, the decision of the Engineer in this regard shall be final and conclusive

against the contractor. 

88. Contractor to supply plant, ladder, scaffolding, etc and is liable for damages arising from

non provision of lights, fencing, etc. 

The Contractor shall supply at his own cost all material, plant, tools, appliances, implements, ladders,

cordage, tackle scaffolding and temporary works requisite or proper for the proper execution of the

work, whether, in the original altered or substituted form and whether included in the specification of

other documents forming part of the contract or referred to in these conditions or not and which may

be necessary for the purpose of satisfying or complying with the requirements of the Eng-In-Charge

as to any matter as to which under these conditions is entitled to be satisfied, or which is entitled to

require together with the carriage therefore to and from the work. 

The Contractor shall also supply without charge, the requisite number of person with the means and

materials necessary for the purpose of setting out works and counting, weighing and assisting in the

measurements of examination at any time and from time to time of the work or materials, failing

which the same may be provided by the Engineer In-charge at the expense of the contractor and the

expenses may be deducted from any money due to the contractor under the contract or  from his

security deposit or the proceeds of sale thereof, or offers sufficient portion thereof. 

The contractor  shall  provide all  necessary fencing and lights  required to  protect  the  public  from

accident and shall also be bound to bear the expenses of defence of every suit, action or other legal

proceedings, that may be brought by any person for injury sustained owing to neglect of the above

precautions and to pay any damages and cost  which may be awarded in any such suit  action or

proceedings  to  any  such  person  or  which  may  with  the  consent  of  the  contractor  be  paid  for

compromising any claim by any such person. 

89. Prevention of Fire : 

The contractor shall not set fire to any standing jungle, trees, brushwood or grass without a written

permit from the Engineer In-charge. When such permit is given, and also in all cases when destroying

cut or dug up trees brushwood, grass, etc., by fire, the contractor shall take necessary measure to

prevent  such fire spreading to or otherwise damaging surrounding property.  The Contractor shall

make his own arrangements for drinking water for the labour employed by him. 

90.  Compensation  for  all  damages  done  intentionally  or  unintentionally  by  contractor’s  labour

whether in or beyond the limits of MCGM property including any damage caused by spreading the

fire shall be estimated by the Engineer In-charge or such other officer as he may appoint and the

estimate of the Engineer in-charge to the decision of the Dy. Chief Engineer on appeal shall be final

and the contractor shall be bound to pay the amount of the assessed compensation on demand failing

which the same will be recovered from the Contractor as damages or deducted by the Engineer In-

charge from any sums that may be due or become due from MCGM to contractor under this Contract

or otherwise. Contractor shall bear the expenses of defending any action or other legal proceedings

Page | 94



that may be brought to prevent the spread of fire and he shall pay any damages and costs that may be

awarded by the Court in consequence. 

91.  In the case of Tender by partners, any change in the constitution of the firm shall be forthwith,

notified by the contractor through the Engineer In-charge for his information. 

92. Action where no specifications: 

In the case of any class of work for which there is no such specifications, such works shall be carried

out in accordance with the specifications and in the event of there being no such specifications, then

in such case, the work shall  be carried out in all  respects in accordance with all  instructions and

requirements of the Engineer In-charge. 

93. Safety and medical help: 

i. The Contractor shall be responsible for and shall pay the expenses of providing medical help

to any workmen who may suffer a bodily injury as a result of an accident. If such expenses

are incurred by MCGM, the same shall be recoverable from the contractor forthwith and be

included without prejudice to any other remedy of MCGM from any amount due or that may

become due to the Contractor. 

ii. The contractor shall provide necessary personal safety equipment and first-aid box for the use

of  persons  employed  on  the  site  and  shall  maintain  the  same  in  condition  suitable  for

immediate use at any time. 

iii. The workers shall be required to use the safety equipments so provided by the contractor and

the contractor  shall  take adequate  steps  to ensure  the  proper use  of equipments  by those

concerned. 

iv. When the work is carried on in proximity to any place where there is risk or drawing all

necessary equipments shall be provided and kept ready for use and all necessary steps shall be

taken for the prompt rescue of any person in danger. 

94. No compensation shall be allowed for any delay caused in the starting of the work on account of

acquisition of land or in the case of clearance of works, on account of ant delay in according to

sanction of estimates. 

95. Anti-malaria and other health measures: 

Anti-Malaria and other health measures shall be taken as directed by the Executive Health Officer of

MCGM.  Contractor  shall  see  that  mosquitogenic  conditions  are  created  so  as  to  keep  vector

population to minimum level. Contractor shall carry out anti-malaria measures in the area as per the

guidelines issued by the Executive Health Officer of MCGM from time to time. 

In case of default, in carrying out prescribed anti-malaria measures resulting in increase in malaria

incidence, contractor shall be liable to pay MCGM on anti-malaria measures to control the situation in

addition to fine.

Page | 95



SECTION 10

SPECIFICATIONS

& SELECTION OF MATERIAL

Page | 96



Specifications
General Specifications
The scope of work envisaged is described as follows: 

As Is Study and Network Revamp Solution Design Report
 The service provider shall submit a project implementation plan within 15 working days after

Acceptance of work order. Within 3 days of the submission of the implementation plan, the
service provider shall mobilize the team to conduct site survey as a part of As-Is study and
Network Revamp Solution Design. Any change if suggested by the MCGM in the project plan
shall be accommodated by the service provider

 The selected bidder would be required to carry out an extensive As – Is study as part of site
survey and submit a comprehensive Site Survey Report for individual sites to the  Executive
Engineer  Mech.  (EI)  P&D  duly  authorised  by  competent  authority  of  respective  user
department. The As-Is study and Solution Design report would comprise of the outcome of the
site  survey,  As-Is  Study,  Solution  Design  Report  and  Site-wise  Action  Plan  to  effectively
revamp the existing setup and the improvement that would be made in Client Side network. The
Solution  Design  Report  would  primarily  capture  the  Active  and  Passive  infrastructure
requirements to be used for network Revamp

 The service provider shall prepare the (I) Client side design based on (a) all data contained in
the  Bidding  Documents,  Climatic  and  physical  conditions  and  (b)  all  criteria  of  design
contained in the Bidding Documents

 These As-IS and Solution Design reports should be submitted to MCGM for sign off. MCGM
will analyse the reports and will review the suggestions submitted by the Bidder. MCGM may
undertake the procurement, for the required quantities on the unit rates quoted by the Bidder.
Bidder’s consultation shall be required to consult and coordinate with other vendors to ensure
procurement of right equipment and smooth execution.
The current WDC and MHO Network architecture schematic is given for reference in 
Annexture I & II.. 
The following equipments (partial list) illustrated in below table will be phased out according to
their End of Support date and bidder shall offer revamped (new) network components. Bidder 
should visit field locations to get the complete list of network component along with their End 
of Life and End of Support and prepare their technical proposal accordingly. Tentative removal 
item list is provided in below table. This list needs to be validated with actual items removed 
and quantity over and above should be handed over to MCGM along with details of material. 
Any item/s not specified into the list should also be handed over to MCGM.

Sr No Items Quantity
1 L2 Switch - 24 GE Ports 337
2 CAT 6 Cable per mtr 300,000 
3 24 Ports Patch Panel 337 
4 I/O Cat 6 Points 3,000 
5 RJ 45 Connectors 3,000 
6 CAT 6 Patch Cords 1 mtr 200 
7 CAT 6 Patch Cords 2 mtr 200 
8 CAT 6 Patch Cords 3 mtr 3,000 
9 Media Convertor 50 
10 Light Interface Unit (LIU) 24 Fiber Wall Mount 50 
11 Cassing Capping 2 mtr (30x12) 40,000 
12 Cassing Capping 1 mtr (25x12) 80,000 
13 6 core Fiber Optics Cable  mtr 1,000 
14 Optical Fiber Connectors LC/SC (MM) 200 
15 9 U Wall Mount Rack with all necessary accessories 75 
16 18 U Wall Mount Rack with all necessary 

accessories
50 

30 1 KVA UPS with 30 min backup 100 

Page | 97



Note: The bidder shall re-use the equipment in under warrantee and support, as MCGM plans 
to retain these equipment while revamping the network.
There is a phasing out plan of Field level routers (Cisco 2801) by MCGM FMS service 
provider, as network service providers of FMS are supposed to install their own routers along 
with network links. Bidder to support this phase out plan for the period of this contract. 

Integration with Exiting Network 
 For replacing field level switches (Cisco 2850), the bidder shall carry out in-place replacement,

with minimum downtime, to the branch office. The bidder shall replace patch cords at all such
places where field switches are being replaced. 

 The bidder has to ensure minimum downtime for MCGM network duly approved by competent
authority and submit the plan for it as part of Revamped Network Design Report

 Bidder to ensure that all  the fiber/copper laid shall  have to be underground through proper
ducting as per Standards Guidelines wherever applicable.

 As part of the preventive maintenance support services the bidder shall be required to maintain
the  upkeep of  the  networking  equipment,  any other  maintenance  job  required  to  meet  the
redundancy and SLAs as stipulated in the Network Security

Network Security
 Security being one of the most  important aspects for the MCGM, it would be governed by

stringent standards. Security incidents could consist of any of the following: 
1) Denial  of  Service Attack: -   This shall  include non availability of service (Internet

bandwidth, messaging service and other web services due attacks that consumes related
network resources)

2) Data Theft: -  Compromise of any kind of the network
3) Intrusion: -  Successful  Unauthorized  access  to  the  Purchaser  information  system,

resulting in loss of confidentiality/Integrity/availability of data.
4) Malicious Traffic: - The bidder shall be responsible for isolation of the node/network in

which  malicious  traffic  is  generated  which  may  be  due  to  virus,  malware  etc  on
detection. 

 All  active  components  shall  have  adequate  security  provisions,  to  protect  itself  from  any
security  attack  including  but  not  limited  to  DoS,  password  break,  malicious  software,
unauthorized access and recording of all access information in the active components. 

 All the network solution offered by the bidder shall have the security provisions to prevent any
unauthorized access to anybody including bidder or its partners. The MCGM may reserve the
right to get testing of components/ equipment supplied under this contract by any designated
Third Party Agency.

 During the project period, the bidder shall support FMS vendor of MCGM, to enable enforcing
Network Security Policy of the MCGM on all  network equipment supplied. If required the
MCGM may adopt the security policies and guidelines as recommended by DIT, Government
of Maharashtra and DEITY, Government of India from time to time.  

 The current Fortigate Firewall (1000C/D) needs to be re-used in revamped network design as
External (Internet facing) firewall. The solution provided must integrate seamlessly with the
help of FMS with current hardware.

 In consultation with FMS, bidder to do configuration of switches.

LAN Communication Infrastructure
 The  bidder  shall  be  responsible  for  setting  up  of  LAN  Communication  in  existing

location/setup design layouts  comprising of details  of  placement of equipment,  partitioning,
access  control.  Such design layout  would be approved by the MCGM user  department  for
implementation. Based on the final implementation, bidder shall be responsible for submitting
the latest layouts to the MCGM for its consideration

 The bidder is required to identify new UPS requirements. If the UPS quantity mentioned in
tender consumed, MCGM should provide additional UPS required and bidder should do the
necessary installation 

 Apart from above, bidder is also required to configure and commission the network equipment
along with rack at the LAN communication room.

Page | 98



 Supply, Installation, Configuration (field level) and Commissioning of Network 
Infrastructure

 The bidder shall procure, supply, install, configure, integrate and commission, all the required
networking equipment including, active and passive networking components, structural cabling
etc., conforming to the specifications as stipulated in this RFP. 

 The  Bidder  to  perform  site  inspection  to  verify  the  appropriateness  of  the  sites  before
installation /commissioning of the equipment.

 The bidder shall ensure that all the equipment quoted in the bid shall be supported by the OEM
for 5 years from the date of bid submission. A certification from OEM stating this support
period details is required to be submitted along with the bid. In case any equipment having
shorter life is found to be quoted in the bid, then the bid is liable to be rejected at the discretion
of the MCGM.  

 The bidder shall ensure that the equipment quoted have End of Sale date at least 2 years in
future from the date of submission of the bid. A certification from OEM stating this support
period details is required to be submitted along with the bid.

 The bidder shall ensure that the equipment have not reached End of Sale, at the time of FAT.
The bidder shall also ensure that none of the equipment has reached End of Sale, at the time of
PAT of last site before Go – Live and if there is any such equipment then all such equipment
installed in the project should be changed before offering for Go – Live

 The bidder shall also ensure that the equipment have not reached End of Support for entire
contract duration, and at the time of transfer of assets. Any equipment which has reached “End
of Support” shall need to be replaced at no extra cost to the Purchaser. The equipment shall be
replaced with equivalent or higher model

 The supply and installation of all connecting cables between routers, modems, switches and
other equipment and any other items shall also be the bidder’s responsibility. The bidder to also
ensure  proper  structured  cabling  (of  CAT 6A standards)  at  each  office  location/  wherever
required.   It  shall  be the responsibility of the bidder to bring all  the tools required for the
installation, upgrading and commissioning of the equipment/ network

 All structured cabling work shall be supplied with OEM certification and warranty of 20/25
years, as the case may be.

 All cabling up to CPE should be done with proper clamping. The cabling should be neat and
structured with PVC pipe casing.

 It shall be the responsibility of the FMS Agency of MCGM, for providing required “Electrical
ground”  at  all  points,  as  required  by  the  bidder,  if  necessary.  MCGM  will  not  take  any
responsibility of equipment going bad due to non-availability of proper earthling and unstable
power.  

 The system shall be subjected to inspection at various stages.  Local regulation/ codes shall be
followed at all times. The bidder shall follow all Safety Regulations and practices. At all times
clean work area should be maintained which is free of debris and waste materials etc.

 The  bidder  shall  not  cause  any damage  to  the  MCGM’s  premises  and property and shall
perform restoration if any damage occurs. Trenches, path-cutting etc. shall be back-filled and
restored to the original condition immediately after laying of the conduit/cable. The bidder shall
plug conduits and entrance holes where the cabling has been installed with suitable sealing
material to restore it to its original/best state. Wherever needed, the bidder shall have to retrofit
existing facilities in order to install the new system.

 It shall be the responsibility of the FMS Service provider to provide conditioned power supply
to all the WAN & LAN equipment installed at the MCGM premises.

 The bidder  must  ensure  that  all  statutory and regulatory approvals  are  obtained within the
building (building in-charge, owners of the building etc.) and from various other authorities
such  as  municipal  bodies.  Bidder  shall  also  be  responsible  to  get  required  documentation
completed for obtaining such approvals from time to time. This should not affect the timelines. 

 Bidder shall supply equipment (installation material, accessories, consumables and toolset used
for installation) as per the contract Bill of Material.

 Delivery reports shall comprise of at least the details of the installation, commissioning of each
and every component of the agreed bill of material. Such delivery reports shall be approved by
the concerned officers of the MCGM

 During the installation of  LAN and other components  required under this engagement,  the
bidder is required to perform the following activities:

Page | 99



 Installation of new LAN switches (wherever required) 
 Fresh Structured cabling (wherever required). Please refer specifications): Since there may be

modifications/relocation/additions in the terms of the LAN nodes, the bidder shall also require
to modify/relocate/create additional nodes at the site.

 Replacement of old or faulty LAN cabling by new one wherever required. The existing cabling
system shall be handed over to the bidder on as-is-where-is basis. It shall be the responsibility
of the bidder to ensure that the present cabling system should also maintain the compliance and
performance standards. The bidder shall ensure that the any fresh cabling and crimping is done
in accordance with latest EIA/TIA standards and supported by OEM fully tested and certified
for operations for a minimum period of 20 years. The LAN cable laying must follow structured
routing.

 Bidder to submit Manufacturer Authorization Form for all active and passive components used
for implementation of LAN

Testing Plan and Testing Methodology
 Before the installation and commissioning phase, the bidder shall prepare the test plan and test

methodology for the internet / intranet connectivity at the MCGM offices. The same has to be
approved by the MCGM. Any changes as suggested by the MCGM have to be incorporated.
This testing plan and testing methodology adopted to test the internet / intranet connectivity at
MCGM office once frozen has to be strictly abided by.

Partial Acceptance Test (PAT)
 Date of site offered for PAT shall be considered as the date of implementation at various client

side offices, in case the site is accepted during the 1st visit for PAT. In case the site is accepted
during the 2nd or 3rd or subsequent visits for PAT, the date of successful PAT will be the date
of  implementation  for  such sites.   SLA shall  be  linked to  the  date  of  implementation  and
acceptance of PAT.

 The PAT shall  be twofold: for  Site Installation Report and Successful  connectivity Test
from Data Centre Network Operations Centre.

 The PAT shall be conducted as per below in three phases

Phase
Type of Offices to be 
covered (100%)

Timelines for PAT (from the date of 
after acceptance of Contract Signing

1 I Ward office 8th Week
2 II Other Location 8th Week
4 III MHO 8th Week
3 IV Hospitals 10th Week

 MCGM may change the locations priorities in respective phases which Service Provider have
to take into consideration. However, MCGM shall give in writing which locations priorities to
be changed before the start of each phase

 The MCGM shall nominate an agency for conducting partial acceptance testing on its behalf
 The Service Provider is responsible for offering the sites for acceptance to the MCGM after the

testing has been completed
 The Bidder shall be submitting the testing reports to the MCGM for their reference during the

acceptance exercise for each location
 The bidder shall prepare the required test cases and test data to test each and every component

as specified in the bill of material, such test data shall be approved by the concerned officers of
the MCGM. In addition to test data, bidder should also provide test plan, testing methodology
for each component

 On the successful acceptance of offices/ locations with operational LAN, configured WAN,
Bandwidth & Quality Test  and other components under this engagement,  the MCGM shall
provide approval to selected bidder for transitioning from existing network to the new network

 The MCGM or its representative may be carry out the functional and physical acceptance of
some of the selective sites or all sites under the PAT. The bidder is expected to offer its full co
operation in the process. Moreover, it is pertinent to mention testing would be conducted as and
when new modifications are implemented by the bidder. The bidder shall be required to extend
full support for such exercise throughout the currency of the Contract.

Page | 100



PAT for Site Installation
 The partial acceptance testing will involve testing by the MCGM for the operational LAN (new

or existing), configured network equipment and all other components under this engagement
 The  partial  acceptance  testing  exercise  shall  commence  at  each  site  after  the  LAN  is

commissioned & made operational with existing WAN equipment 
  The selected bidder shall  be required to prepare the forms and formats for facilitating the

acceptance exercise by the MCGM of each equipment  being deployed or integrated by the
bidder under this engagement

PAT for Network Connectivity from NOC
 The selected bidder shall conduct the Bandwidth & Quality test in the presence of the MCGM

or a representative of the MCGM from the NOC. Some Sites shall be selected at random / all
sites  shall  be  selected  and Bandwidth  Test  shall  be  conducted.  The  Quality  Test  shall  be
conducted to test Packet Drop, Latency and Bandwidth Availability etc. The NOC thus should
have provision to conduct these tests for ensuring the success of the project 

Final Acceptance Testing (FAT) and Go – Live
 After successful transitioning of all the sites from the existing (i.e. old) L2 switches to the new

L2 switches, the FAT shall be conducted by the MCGM or its nominated agency for testing of
complete  equipment  installed  under  this  contract.   Basic  contours  of  the  testing  would  be
inclusive of but not limited to:

 Availability and installation of all equipment shall be verified (Location verification)
 The bidder shall provide list of offices ready for FAT which would include all the details

of  the  equipment  that  has  been  installed  at  each  and  every  office  along  with  the
connectivity provided.

 Detailed test plan and test cases shall be defined by bidder which shall be verified by the
MCGM/designated agency.

 Bidder shall arrange the test equipment required for verification. The bidder shall also be
responsible for providing documented test results.

 Final Acceptance Testing report shall include the WAN integration report. It shall also
include the plan by which bidder aims to achieve the SLAs. The report should at least
cover the testing of all equipment and the results of the test required to pronounce it as
successful/  unsuccessful  testing.  The  reports  should  be  dully  signed  by  bidder  and
MCGM

 The date on which Final Acceptance Certificate is issued shall be deemed date of the Go-
Live of MCGM Revamped network. 

 Central Testing shall be done using the appropriate tools and systems available with FMS and
any additional tools offered by the bidder, compatibility of the tool needs to be pre-checked
with FMS to avoid last minute surprises. The bidder shall be responsible for providing such
tools and systems so that  the Final  Acceptance Testing can be conducted centrally without
incurring any additional cost to MCGM.

Additional Supply of Networking Equipment for any new office location
Whenever MCGM opens a new office, order will be placed with the selected bidder at the 
contracted price.
The selected bidder shall carry out site-survey at new location and provide Detailed bill of 
material for active and passive networking equipment for such location. Bidder is required to 
implement and commission the all the equipment at the said location within 4 weeks from the 
date of work order, under same terms and conditions of this bid.

Comprehensive onsite warranty and support (AMC)
The service provider provide comprehensive onsite warranty and support (called AMC) for the 
networking equipment (including active and passive) and the bidder shall be bound by the 
Service Level Agreements (SLA) under the contract and is required to provide the support 
services during the 5 years of Operations & Maintenance period. This phase will commence 
from the successful Go-Live of the project as notified by the MCGM under this engagement. 
The FMS service provider shall monitor the health of the network using access to Enterprise 

Page | 101



Management System tools and provide report to the selected bidder of MCGM Network 
revamp project.

 During  the  contract  period  MCGM  reserves  all  rights  to  increase  or  decrease  no  of
equipment/components for AMC with Bidder. 

 At any stage of the contract, the MCGM reserves the right to terminate AMC for any of the
item(s), with prior notice to Bidder. 

Service Level Indicators (SLA)
Call Registration Process: FMS Service provider shall log call with the successful bidder via Web,

Phone and Mail. Escalation of Matrix along with Email id and phone no. should be provided 
by the bidder.

All spare parts to be used shall be genuine or compatible spare parts of that order and the same shall
be procured from the authorized dealers or manufacturers.

Service offered shall be in accordance with the service instructions and standard practice of the 
original manufacturers (OEMs)

OEM shall provide patches / upgrade of IOS during the period of warranty whenever applicable 
without any extra costs.

Service Level Agreement (SLA) parameters and penalties applicable

Sr 
No

Service Metric
Parameter

Metric Frequency Penalty

A. Issue Response & Resolution
1 Severity 1 Issue

(i.e. all users are 
affected priority 
user are 
affected.)

Response Time:
<= 2 Hrs from the time the 
call is logged by end user.

Resolution Time:
<= 8 Hrs from the time the 
call is logged by end user.

Daily 0.1% of total contract value per
day for the first day, 

0.20% of total contract value 
per day every subsequent day, 
subject to a maximum of 5.0 %
post which MCGM may invoke
Annulment of the contract.

2 Severity 2 
(i.e.  users more 
than 10 are 
affected.)

Response Time:
<= 4 Hrs from the time the 
call is logged by end user.
Resolution Time:
<= 2Days from the time the 
call is logged by end user.

Daily 0.1% of total contract value per
day for the first day, 
0.20% of total contract value 
per day every subsequent day, 
subject to a maximum of 5.0 %
post which MCGM may invoke
Annulment of the contract.

3 Severity 3 Issue
(i.e. users 
between 2 to 9 
are affected.)

Response Time:
<= 1 Day from the time the 
call is logged by end user.
Resolution Time:
<= 5 Days from the time the 
call is logged by end user.

Daily Rs. 10000 per day per instance,
subject to a maximum of 5.0 %
post which MCGM may invoke
Annulment of the contract.

4 Severity 4 Issue
(i.e. Single user 
affected.)

Response Time:
<= 2 Days from the time the 
call is logged by end user.
Resolution Time:
<= 10 Days from the time 
the call is logged by end 
user.

Daily Rs. 1000 per day per instance, 
subject to a maximum of 5.0 %
post which MCGM may invoke
Annulment of the contract.

B. Up time

Page | 102



1 Average System 
Uptime (Data 
Center 
Components) 
System Uptime 
to include: 
Switches Uptime,
Routers Uptime, 
Any other IT 
component in the 
Infrastructure 
Architecture at 
Data Center

99.90% Monthly 0.5% of total contract value for 
monthly deviations, subject to a
maximum of 5.0 % post which 
MCGM may invoke 
Annulment of the contract.

2 Average System 
Uptime for client 
side Network 
Equipment (Such 
as L2 switches 
etc)

99.00% Monthly 0.2% of total contract value for 
monthly deviations, subject to a
maximum of 5.0 % post which 
MCGM may invoke 
Annulment of the contract.

C. Network Equipment Support
1 Critical Issue 

(Core Equipment)
Response Time:
<= 2 Hours from the time 
the call is logged by end 
user.
Resolution Time:
<= 1 Day from the time the 
call is logged by end user.

Daily Rs. 500 per day per instance 
per user for non-compliance

2 Urgent Issue 
(L2/L3 Switches 
at client side)

Response Time:
<= 4 Hours from the time 
the call is logged by end 
user.
Resolution Time:
<= 2 Days from the time the 
call is logged by end user.

Daily Rs. 200 per day per instance 
per user for non-compliance

3 Non-urgent 
Issue 
The request 
involves Non-IT 
passive 
equipment, such 
as casing caping, 
Network rack etc.

Response Time:
<= 1Day from the time the 
call is logged by end user.
Resolution Time:
<= 5 Days from the time the 
call is logged by end user.

Daily Rs. 200 per day per instance 
per user for non-compliance

D. Project execution Timelines
1 Project Initiation 

and Site Survey
< T + 2 Weeks, 
Where T is date of issue of 
PO

Per
Occurrence

0.1% of total contract value per
week for the first week, 
0.20% of total contract value 
per week every subsequent 
week, subject to a maximum of
5.0 % post which MCGM may 
invoke Annulment of the 
contract.

2 Submission of 
As-Is Report and 
Proposed 
Network Design 
Document

T+ 4 Weeks, 
Where T is date of issue of 
PO

Per
Occurrence

0.1% of total contract value per
week for the first week, 
0.20% of total contract value 
per week every subsequent 
week, subject to a maximum of
5.0 % post which MCGM may 
invoke Annulment of the 
contract.

Page | 103



3 Partial 
Acceptance 
Testing  (For 
client side 
Network 
Equipment)

1. Ward office T + 8 Weeks, 
2. Other Location (T + 8 
Weeks)
3. MHO (T + 8 Weeks)
4. Hospitals (T + 10 Weeks)

Where T is date of issue of 
PO

Per
Occurrence

0.1% of total contract value per
week for the first week, 
0.20% of total contract value 
per week every subsequent 
week, subject to a maximum of
5.0 % post which MCGM may 
invoke Annulment of the 
contract.

4 Final Acceptance 
Testing and Go 
Live

T + 12 Weeks, 
Where T is date of issue of 
PO

Per
Occurrence

0.1% of total contract value per
week for the first week, 
0.20% of total contract value 
per week every subsequent 
week, subject to a maximum of
5.0 % post which MCGM may 
invoke Annulment of the 
contract.

E. Additional Equipment Purchase (Rate Contract Based)
1 Provisioning of 

equipment listed 
on the rate 
contract

< T+3 weeks, 
where T is the time when 
MCGM makes a request 
(LoI/PO) for procurement of 
equipment on the rate 
contract

Per
Occurrence

0.2% per day of value of 
subject matter of procurement 
from the rate contract subject to
a maximum of 10% of value of 
subject matter of procurement 
from the rate contract

2 Installation of 
equipment listed 
on the rate 
contract

< T+4 weeks, 
where T is the time when 
MCGM makes a request 
(LoI/PO)for procurement of 
equipment on the rate 
contract

Per
Occurrence

0.2% per day of value of 
subject matter of procurement 
from the rate contract subject to
a maximum of 10% of value of 
subject matter of procurement 
from the rate contract

a. Site locations

No. Site / Location Address Contact Details
1. Will be provided at the time of Purchase Order. MGGM will issue PO for individual 

sites

b. Work Completion Timelines & Payment Terms

T=Date of Purchase order or Contract sign (whichever is earlier)

Milestone Deliverables Timelines Payment Terms *
1 Acceptance of Purchase

Order / Letter of Intent
Acceptance of 
PO/LoI&PBG of 10 % 
of total contract value

 T* None

2 Supply of all Active 
and Passive 
Components for the 
batch/part PO

Delivery Challans and 
Acceptance of Delivery 
of Hardware/Software

T+4 Weeks 50% of Total Contract Price
for the equipment supplied

3 PAT Completion PAT completion Report Ward office-8 week
Other Location-8 week
MHO- 8 week
Hospitals -10 week

10% of Total Contract Price
for the equipment supplied

4 FAT and Go Live FAT and Go-Live report T+ 12 Weeks 10% of Total Contract Price
for the equipment supplied

Page | 104



Milestone Deliverables Timelines Payment Terms *
5 Support and Warranty i. Version Description 

Document 
ii. Post-Implementation 
Review Report 
iii. Monitoring Review 
Report Exception Report
iv. User Satisfaction 
Certificates

Upto5years from Go-
Live

Yearly payment in 
instalments balance 30% of 
Total Price
Year/
Instalment

Payment 
(at year-
end)

1 6%
2 6%
3 6%
4 6%
5 6%

b.

c. Coordination and Cooperation with FMS Service provider of MCGM

 During all phases of the project, the Supplier Agency shall have coordination and full 
cooperation with the FMS server provider of MCGM. Since the project infrastructure has to be 
fully integrated with the MCGM IT Environment, the Supplier agency will require support and 
from FMS and vice versa.
MCGM shall ensure that FMS service provider shall cooperate with the supplier agency and

provide all necessary support, configuration settings, access to requisite and necessary IT 
assets.

d. Technical Specifications

Active and Passive Components

A) Specifications for L2 Switch - 24 GE Copper Ports
Sr.
No

Minimum Technical Specifications

General Features
1 1 RU, L2 switch

2
Minimum of 24 Gigabit Ethernet (TX) ports with 10/100/1000 Mbps auto-negotiation
support switching capacity minimum  56 Gbps.

3 Additional 4x1G SFP uplink ports for 24 port switch

4
Switch should support stacking with dedicated stacking module/stacking ports apart 
from the uplink ports with 56 Gbps of stack throughput

5 Full-Duplex Operation on Fast Ethernet
6 Multiple Load Sharing Trunks
7 128 MB DRAM and 16 MB Flash memory
8 Configurable up to 8000 MAC addresses
9 Configurable up to 255 IGMP groups

10
Configurable maximum transmission unit (MTU) of up to 9000 bytes and jumbo 
frames

11
High Mean Time Between Failure (Life Expectancy) values should be available to 
ensure long life of Switch hardware

12
The Switches must be able to generate Syslog Messages with timestamp and Severity 
codes, which can be exported to a Syslog Server.

13
The Switches must be able to build up inventory (like Device Name, Chassis, Type, 
Memory, Flash, Software ver. Etc) on its own or through management software

14
Support for Local Proxy Address Resolution Protocol  (ARP)  to minimize broadcasts
and maximize available bandwidth
IEEE Standard Compliance

1
Support for IEEE 802.1d Spanning Tree Protocol for redundant backbone connections
and loop-free networks

2 Support for IEEE 802.1s Multiple Spanning Tree Protocol
3 802.1Q VLAN tagging
4 802.1p Priority
5 802.3u Fast Ethernet

Page | 105



6 802.3x Flow Control
7 802.1x Authentication
8 802.3ab Gigabit Interface

Layer 1 Features: -
1 Support for 100 BASE-TX

Layer 2 Features: -
1 L2 Switching Support
2 Multi-Link Trunking

3 Ability to manage individual switches as a group for VLANs configuration purposes

4
STP Fast Calculation features as uplink fast for faster convergence OR Equivalent to 
STP / MSTP / RSTP

5
Per-port broadcast, multicast, and storm control to prevent faulty end stations from 
degrading overall systems performance
QoS Features:-

1 Support for Classification and scheduling based on 802.1p/Q

2
Support for 802.1p class-of-service (CoS). Ability to Mark/override 802.1P CoS per 
port

3 Eight queues per egress port and up-to 500 access control entries

4
Weighted Tail Drop (WTD) Or Strict Priority (SP) queuing, weighted round robin 
(WRR) or Shaped Round Robin (SRR) for congestion avoidance

5
The switch should support auto QoS/equivalent for certain device types and egress 
queue configurations

Multicast Support:-

1
Multicast must be supported in hardware so that performance is not affected by 
multiple multicast instances

2 L2 Multicast Support – IGMP Snooping
3 Should support minimum of 512 Ipv4 and Ipv6 multicast groups

Redundancy
1 Support for Link Aggregation Control Protocol (LACP)

2 Quick Failover over redundant links for improved network stability and reliability

Security Features

1
Support for IEEE 802.1x for dynamic, port-based security and providing user 
authentication

2 Support for IEEE 802.1x with VLAN assignment
3 Support for IEEE 802.1x with voice VLAN
4 Support for IEEE 802.1x and port security
5 Support for IEEE 802.1x with an ACL assignment

6
Support for IEEE 802.1x with Guest VLAN allows guests without 802.1x clients to 
have limited network access on the guest VLAN

7
Support for SSH Protocol, Kerberos/SSHv2, and SNMPv3 to provide network 
security by encrypting administrator traffic during Telnet and SNMP sessions

8
Support for Dynamic ARP Inspection to ensure user integrity by preventing malicious
users from exploiting the insecure nature of the ARP protocol.

9
Support for DHCP Snooping to prevents malicious users from spoofing a DHCP 
server and sending out bogus addresses

10
Support for IP source guard to prevents a malicious user from spoofing or taking over
another user's IP address by creating a  binding table between client's IP and MAC 
address, port, and VLAN.

11
Bidirectional data support on the Switched Port Analyzer (SPAN) port (or Port 
mirroring/RMON) to take action when an intruder is detected.

12 Support for RADIUS authentication

Page | 106



13

Switch should Support Ipv6 First hop Security with the following functions: IPv6 
snooping, IPv6 dynamic host configuration protocol (DHCP) address gleaning, IPv6 
device tracking, neighbour discovery (ND) Inspection, IPv6 DHCP guard, IPv6 router
advertisement (RA) guard

Other Features

1
The switch should have its own management software, which can be used remotely 
(through secured Web interface) to monitor, troubleshoot & manage the switch

2 The management software should integrate with any EMS product suite
3 The Switch should seamlessly integrate with existing network infrastructure.
4 Should support Link layer Discovery Protocol
5 Should Support DNS

6
Secure access to switch management, limiting management applications from specific
hosts only

7 Unicast MAC filtering, unknown Unicast and multicast Port blocking

8 The switch should support Unidirectional link detection protocol or equivalent

Network Management (Management Feature)

1 Embedded support for Web based management using standard secured web browser

2
Support for SNMP v1,  v2c and v3, Telnet interface and a  CLI-based management 
console

3 Support for TFTP based software download

4 Support for port mirroring measurement using a network analyzer or RMON probe

5
RMON: 4 Group (Statistics, Alarm, Events, History), on every port, no impact to 
performance

6 Switch must be remotely managed via one telnet session for all module configuration

7
Should have functionality to add new features like IOS/Firmware upgrades from 
central location, etc.

8 Provisioned and Dynamic Policies/Advanced classifier-based QoS
9 Support for Dynamic VLAN assignment
10 Real Time Multi-Port Statistics
11 Device and Port Groupings for Navigation and Policy Management
12 Support for MIBs
13 Administrative Access Right
14 Traffic Volume/Error/Congestion Monitoring
15 TFTP Download/Upload Software

16
The Switch should be able to discover the neighbouring device of the same vendor 
giving the details about the platform, IP Address,  Link  connected through etc, thus 
helping in troubleshooting connectivity problems

17 Switch should be supplied with NMS tool of the same OEM.
18 Switch should be EAL3 or NDPP & IPv6 ready logo certified from day one

B) Specifications for Transceivers (SFP):

Sr.
No

Item Minimum Specifications

1
Transreceiver for Multimode fibre 1 GE SFP, LC connector SX transceiver (with 

license and activation)

2
Transreceiver for Single Mode 
fibre

1 GE SFP, LC connector LX/LH transceiver 
(with license and activation)

3
Transreceiver for RJ 45 1000 BASE-T SFP  (with license and 

activation)

Page | 107



C) Specifications for 9U Network Size Wall Mount Rack

Sr.
No

Minimum Specification

1 Wall mount unit
2 9 U size to accommodate networking equipment at site

3

Rack Features
 Quick release, lockable front and back glazed door
 Ventilated top and bottom panels
 Adjustable 19” mounting angles
 In-built AC Power Strip with 5A/15A 230VAC plug points
 Top mounted fan for forced ventilation
 Cable Manager 

D) Specifications for 18U Network Size Wall Mount Rack

Sr. No Minimum Specification

1 Wall mount unit
2 18 U size to accommodate networking equipment at site

3

Rack Features
 Quick release, lockable front glazed door
 Ventilated top and bottom panels
 Adjustable 19” mounting angles
 In-built AC Power Strip with 5A/15A 230VAC plug points
 Top mounted fan for forced ventilation
 Cable Manager

E) Specifications for 24 Ports Patch Panel

Sr.No Minimum Specification

1

24 ports Patch Panel - 110 IDC type at rear end & RJ 45 jack on front panel, 19" rack 
mountable, Wire Manager, should confirm or exceed the EIA/TIA 568 C standards 
for CAT 6, Metallic high strength & IU height, confirm EIA/TIA 568 C wiring 
pattern, should have routing rings & ties and labeling strips for identification, UL 
listed & Verified. Ports should be individually replaceable.

F) Specifications for Fiber Optics Media Convertor

Sr. No Minimum Specification

1 Compliant with IEEE 802.3 10BaseT, IEEE802.3u 100BaseTX , IEEE 802.3ab 
1000BaseT and IEEE 802.3z 1000BaseSX/LX Standards

2 One 10/100/1000BaseT Gigabit Ethernet TP Port and One 1000BaseSX/LX Gigabit
Ethernet Fiber Port

3 One 1000BaseSX/LX Fiber Port can support either Multi or Single Mode
4 TP Port can support Half/Full-Duplex, Auto-MDI/MDI-X and Auto-Negotiation
5 Multiple Fiber Connectors

Page | 108



G) Specifications for 24 Ports Wall Mount LIU (Light Interface Unit)

Sr. No. Minimum Specification

1
Suitable for interconnect in cables distribution or between cables and optical 
equipment

2 Space saving with its compact & small design of enclosure
3 Front door design is easy for operation & fibers expansion
4 Can manage both splices and terminations

5
Can include adapter panels for maximum 24 ports LC/SC and 12 ports ST/FC 
terminations

6 Rubber fiber slotted bracket built-in, metal splice shelf to protect the fibers

7
Snap-in locker design, easy to change adapter panels for flexible configuration & 
easy installation

8 Top & bottom cable entry is easy with rubber plug

H) Specifications for Information Outlet (I/O) Point

Sr. 
No.

Minimum Specification

1
Category 6 Shielded Information Outlets with robust, cable-ready and installer-
friendly design and should complied with ANSI/TIA/EIA 568 C standard.

I) Specifications for Structured Cabling Components

ANSI - TIA 568 C Commercial Buildings for all kind of cables and connectors including Cat 6 
and Fibre Optics with 15 - 20 yrs warranty (actual warranty duration as per OEM). 

  J) The removed items shall be disposed of as per relevant guidelines for disposable of e-waste.

General conditions

1) The bidders may visit the site and obtain additional information at their own cost and 
responsibility. However, a prior appointment needs to be fixed by the bidder for the same.

2) The Bidder must possess the technical know-how and the financial wherewithal that would be 
required to successfully provide the services sought by MCGM, for the entire period of the 
contract. The Bidder’s Bid must be complete in all respects, conform to all the requirements, 
terms and conditions and specifications as stipulated in the Bid Document. 

3) The evaluation process of the Bid Document proposed to be adopted by MCGM is as follows
a) MCGM shall appoint a Bidder’s Evaluation Committee (BEC) to scrutinize and evaluate the 

technical and commercial bids received. The BEC will examine the Bids to determine 
whether they are complete, response and whether the Bid format confirms to the Bid 
Document requirements. MCGM may waive any informality or nonconformity in a Bid 
which does not constitute a material deviation according to MCGM. 

b) The Technical Bids of only those Bidders, who qualify in the Pre-Qualification stage, shall be
considered and will be evaluated as per the PQC. 

c) The Bid Evaluation Committee shall invite each Bidder to make a Technical presentation as 
part of the technical evaluation. The presentation shall cover the following aspects of the 
solution offered by the bidder:

 Bidders understanding of the project and Scope of Work
 As-Is study and Network Revamp Solution Document
 Technical Solution, including Key Consideration for Revamp
 Reasoning for Selection of OEMs and  product qualities
 Project Management Methodology
 Testing Methodology, Tools and Techniques

Page | 109



 Sample Documentation deliverables
d) The BEC may require written clarifications from the Bidders to clarify ambiguities and 

uncertainties arising out of the evaluation of the Bid documents (to be stated precisely as it 
should be in MCGM’s interest). In order to qualify technically, all items offered must be 
technically compliant. Only the Bids qualifying the technical evaluation will be considered 
for commercial evaluation.

4) Performance Bank Guarantee - The Bidder shall at his own expense, deposit with department, 
within 30 days of the notification of award (done through issuance of the Purchase Order/Letter
of Acceptance), an unconditional and irrevocable Performance Bank Guarantee (PBG) from a 
list of approved banks as per the format given in this Bid Document, payable on demand, for 
the due performance and fulfillment of the contract by the bidder. 

5) The Performance Bank Guarantee will be for an amount equivalent to 10% of contract value. 
All charges whatsoever such as premium, commission, & applicable stamp duty as per circular 
No-Ch.E/BM/17800/II Dt-7.1.2016 etc. with respect to the Performance Bank Guarantee shall 
be borne by the bidder.

6) The Performance Bank Guarantee will be Valid upto the entire contract period (including 
warranty period) or payment of final bill whichever is later. 

7) The Performance Bank Guarantee may be discharged/ returned by department upon being 
satisfied that there has been due performance of the obligations of the Bidder under the 
contract. However, no interest shall be payable on the Performance Bank Guarantee. 

8) In the event of the Bidder being unable to service the contract for whatever reason, department 
would evoke the PBG. Notwithstanding and without prejudice to any rights whatsoever of 
department under the Contract in the matter, the proceeds of the PBG shall be payable to 
department as compensation for any loss resulting from the Bidder’s failure to complete its 
obligations under the Contract. Department shall notify the Bidder in writing of the exercise of 
its right to receive such compensation within 14 days, indicating the contractual obligation(s) 
for which the Bidder is in default. 

9) Department shall also be entitled to make recoveries from the Bidder’s bills, performance bank 
guarantee, or from any other amount due to him, the equivalent value of any payment made to 
him due to inadvertence, error, collusion, misconstruction or misstatement.

10) Factory Testing/Inspection
 The factory testing will be done in the Factory premises/warehouse of the vendor 

with all the necessary testing facilities by the Inspection team constituted by the 
MCGM at its discretion may delegate the factory/warehouse inspection to the 
purchaser. Expenditure related to inspection shall be borne by the bidder/vendor.

 The minimum lot size for testing shall be 300 numbers of Active and Passive 
Networking Components (any combination). The OEM shall provide the list 
comprises of make, model, part number and serial numbers of the equipment to the 
MCGM.

 The bidder/supplier shall make the equipment ready for inspection within a week 
from the date of placing the order by the MCGM.

 For every such batch, the supplier shall communicate in writing to the MCGM about 
the readiness of equipment for inspection.

 Normally, the inspection shall be conducted within a week after the receipt of 
communication to the MCGM.

 On the satisfaction after tests, the batch shall be cleared for dispatch. On getting any 
of the defects in any of the sample, whole lot will be rejected.

 A tamper-proof inspection seal shall be affixed on the packed boxes of each batch so 
inspected and cleared. Inspection team leader will sign on the inspected boxes.

11) Surprise Inspection by MCGM - In addition to the above inspection, the officer or the 
representative of the MCGM may do the surprise inspection of any destination of supply to 
check genuineness of the client side IT Infrastructure and peripherals supplied. Executive 
Engineer or his representative can choose any unit of any product from any of the Indenter for 
lab testing. The Testing lab (or a organization designated as Testing lab) where testing is to be 
carried out shall be decided by the MCGM. If the quality of the product is found contrary to the
specification given in the RC, the RC shall be suspended. However, the final decision will be 
taken as per existing law.

Page | 110



12) Any interference by the vendor during the process of lab testing will be considered as violation 
of terms and conditions and vendor will be liable for the punishment. After supply, vendor shall
not be authorized to take any supplied unit for testing. Besides, interfering directly or indirectly 
in laboratory testing by the vendor/OEM to influence to the laboratory authority shall be taken 
a fraudulent act on the part of the vendor/OEM and severe act as per law will taken. It will be 
the duty of the head of the office concerned to carry out laboratory testing as per direction of 
the Executive Engineer

13)  RACI Matrix - The RACI matrix for various activities in the project is as given below.
Sr No Activity Selected 

Vendor
MCGM FMS 

Vendor

1 Requirement Gathering and Project 
Management Plan

R/A C I

2 Supply of  Active and Passive Components R/A C I

3 Configuration, Customisation, Development, 
Installation, Configuration, Testing, 
Integration with existing MCGM network etc.
(as per complete scope of work defined in 
this RFP)

R/A C C

4 Provisioning of Power, Cooling and Rack 
Space in MCGM offices

C R/A C

5 Provisioning of LAN connectivity R/A C C

6 Onsite Maintenance and Support R/A I I

For the above table, R= Responsible, A= Accountable, C= Consulted and I= Informed.

14) Method of Technical and Financial Evaluation and Award of Marks and Selection 
of Bidder

Technical Evaluation and Score
Sr.No. Technical evaluation Parameter Max.

Score
1 The  bidder  should  have  proven  experience  in  IT  Infrastructure  /

Networking  domain  of  having  successfully  completed  similar
contracts in Govt. / Semi Govt. / PSU or Local bodies totalling in
last 5 years
1 project of 20 crores – 10 marks
2 projects of 20 crores – 25 marks

Maximum
25

Page | 111



2 Approach and Methodology of implementation (Project 
Management) and Presentation. 
 Presentation on understanding of Scope of Work and 

Requirements. Level of details captured in Solution design. 10 
Marks

 Design robustness including scalability, redundancy, SDN 
functionality, NMS & IPV6 readiness.- 10 Marks

 Project implementation Methodology, Project Management 
and manpower deployment methodology.   15 Marks 
1. Quality monitoring assessment methods and safety standards 
2. Testing and site acceptance methodology
3. List of key proposed persons to be associated with project 

with their CV including qualification and experience.
4. Cabling detailing & level designing. 

35

3. Compliance to Passive Solution 
1. Technical Specification Compliance                 5 Marks.

‹ Non compliance will lead to rejection of bid.›
2. Passive OEM Eligibility Criteria Certifications     5 Marks

10

4 OEM Qualification  as  per  Gartner  Magic  Quadrant  Marks,  latest
report of 2016 would be awarded as per following Criteria:
Leaders (30 marks), Challengers (15 marks), Visionaries (5 marks),
Niche Players (3 marks)
Magic  Quadrant  for  the  wired  and  wireless  LAN  Access
Infrastructure : 30 Marks

30

Minimum score for qualifying :- 70 marks

  

Page | 112



Annexure-I

WDC and MHO Network Diagrams

(A) Existing Setup at WDC

Page | 113



Annexure-II

(B)Existing setup at MHO

Page | 114



CONTAINTS

VARIOUS SCHEDULES

SCHEDULE – I Technical Specifications Compliance statement

SCHEDULE – II Deviation

Page | 115



SCHEDULE – I

Technical Specifications   Compliance statement 

Active and Passive Components

A) Specifications for L2 Switch - 24 GE Copper Ports
Sr.
No

Minimum Specification 
Complies(Y/N)

Make :-
Model:-
General Features

1 1 RU, L2 switch

2
Minimum of 24 Gigabit Ethernet (TX) ports with 10/100/1000 
Mbps auto-negotiation support with  minimum  56 Gbps of 
switching band width

3 Additional 4x1G SFP uplink ports for 24 port switch

4
Switch should support stacking with dedicated stacking 
module/stacking ports apart from the uplink ports with 56 Gbps of 
stack throughput

5 Full-Duplex Operation on Fast Ethernet
6 Multiple Load Sharing Trunks
7 128 MB DRAM and 16 MB Flash memory
8 Configurable up to 8000 MAC addresses
9 Configurable up to 255 IGMP groups

10
Configurable maximum transmission unit (MTU) of up to 9000 
bytes and jumbo frames

11
High Mean Time Between Failure (Life Expectancy) values should 
be available to ensure long life of Switch hardware

12
The Switches must be able to generate Syslog Messages with 
timestamp and Severity codes, which can be exported to a Syslog 
Server.

13
The Switches must be able to build up inventory (like Device Name,
Chassis, Type, Memory, Flash, Software ver. Etc) on its own or 
through management software

14
Support for Local Proxy Address Resolution Protocol  (ARP)  to 
minimize broadcasts and maximize available bandwidth
IEEE Standard Compliance

1
Support for IEEE 802.1d Spanning Tree Protocol for redundant 
backbone connections and loop-free networks

2 Support for IEEE 802.1s Multiple Spanning Tree Protocol
3 802.1Q VLAN tagging
4 802.1p Priority
5 802.3u Fast Ethernet
6 802.3x Flow Control
7 802.1x Authentication
8 802.3ab Gigabit Interface

Layer 1 Features: -
1 Support for 100 BASE-TX

Layer 2 Features: -
1 L2 Switching Support
2 Multi-Link Trunking

3
Ability to manage individual switches as a group for VLANs 
configuration purposes

4
STP Fast Calculation features as uplink fast for faster convergence 
OR Equivalent to STP / MSTP / RSTP

Page | 116



5
Per-port broadcast, multicast, and storm control to prevent faulty 
end stations from degrading overall systems performance
QoS Features:-

1 Support for Classification and scheduling based on 802.1p/Q

2
Support for 802.1p class-of-service (CoS). Ability to Mark/override 
802.1P CoS per port

3 Eight queues per egress port and up-to 500 access control entries

4
Weighted Tail Drop (WTD) Or Strict Priority (SP) queuing, 
weighted round robin (WRR) or Shaped Round Robin (SRR) for 
congestion avoidance

5
The switch should support auto QoS/equivalent for certain device 
types and egress queue configurations

Multicast Support:-

1
Multicast must be supported in hardware so that performance is not 
affected by multiple multicast instances

2 L2 Multicast Support – IGMP Snooping
3 Should support minimum of 512 Ipv4 and Ipv6 multicast groups

Redundancy
1 Support for Link Aggregation Control Protocol (LACP)

2
Quick Failover over redundant links for improved network stability 
and reliability

Security Features

1
Support for IEEE 802.1x for dynamic, port-based security and 
providing user authentication

2 Support for IEEE 802.1x with VLAN assignment
3 Support for IEEE 802.1x with voice VLAN
4 Support for IEEE 802.1x and port security
5 Support for IEEE 802.1x with an ACL assignment

6
Support for IEEE 802.1x with Guest VLAN allows guests without 
802.1x clients to have limited network access on the guest VLAN

7
Support for SSH Protocol, Kerberos/SSHv2, and SNMPv3 to 
provide network security by encrypting administrator traffic during 
Telnet and SNMP sessions

8
Support for Dynamic ARP Inspection to ensure user integrity by 
preventing malicious users from exploiting the insecure nature of 
the ARP protocol.

9
Support for DHCP Snooping to prevents malicious users from 
spoofing a DHCP server and sending out bogus addresses

10

Support for IP source guard to prevents a malicious user from 
spoofing or taking over another user's IP address by creating a  
binding table between client's IP and MAC address, port, and 
VLAN.

11
Bidirectional data support on the Switched Port Analyzer (SPAN) 
port (or Port mirroring/RMON) to take action when an intruder is 
detected.

12 Support for RADIUS authentication

13

Switch should Support Ipv6 First hop Security with the following 
functions: IPv6 snooping, IPv6 dynamic host configuration protocol
(DHCP) address gleaning, IPv6 device tracking, neighbour 
discovery (ND) Inspection, IPv6 DHCP guard, IPv6 router 
advertisement (RA) guard

Other Features

1
The switch should have its own management software, which can be
used remotely (through secured Web interface) to monitor, 
troubleshoot & manage the switch

Page | 117



2
The management software should integrate with any EMS product 
suite

3
The Switch should seamlessly integrate with existing network 
infrastructure.

4 Should support Link layer Discovery Protocol
5 Should Support DNS

6
Secure access to switch management, limiting management 
applications from specific hosts only

7
Unicast MAC filtering, unknown Unicast and multicast Port 
blocking

8
The switch should support Unidirectional link detection protocol or 
equivalent

Network Management (Management Feature)

1
Embedded support for Web based management using standard 
secured web browser

2
Support for SNMP v1,  v2c and v3, Telnet interface and a  CLI-
based management console

3 Support for TFTP based software download

4
Support for port mirroring measurement using a network analyzer or
RMON probe

5
RMON: 4 Group (Statistics, Alarm, Events, History), on every port, 
no impact to performance

6
Switch must be remotely managed via one telnet session for all 
module configuration

7
Should have functionality to add new features like IOS/Firmware 
upgrades from central location, etc.

8 Provisioned and Dynamic Policies/Advanced classifier-based QoS
9 Support for Dynamic VLAN assignment
10 Real Time Multi-Port Statistics
11 Device and Port Groupings for Navigation and Policy Management
12 Support for MIBs
13 Administrative Access Right
14 Traffic Volume/Error/Congestion Monitoring
15 TFTP Download/Upload Software

16

The Switch should be able to discover the neighbouring device of 
the same vendor giving the details about the platform, IP Address,  
Link  connected through etc, thus helping in troubleshooting 
connectivity problems

17 Switch should be supplied with NMS tool of the same OEM.

18
Switch should be EAL3 or NDPP & IPv6 ready logo certified from 
day one

B) Specifications for Transceivers (SFP):

Sr. No Minimum Specification Complies(Y/N)
Make :-
Model:-

1
Transreceiver for Multimode fibre
1 GE SFP, LC connector SX transceiver (with license and 
activation)

Sr. No Minimum Specification 
Make :-
Model:-

2
Transreceiver for Single Mode fibre
1 GE SFP, LC connector LX/LH transceiver (with license and 
activation)

Page | 118



Sr. No Minimum Specification 
Make :-
Model:-

3
Transreceiver for RJ 45
1000 BASE-T SFP  (with license and activation)

C) Specifications for 9U Network Size Wall Mount Rack

Sr. No Minimum Specification Complies(Y/N)

Make :-

Model:-

1 Wall mount unit
2 9 U size to accommodate networking equipment at site

3

Rack Features
 Quick release, lockable front and back glazed door
 Ventilated top and bottom panels
 Adjustable 19” mounting angles
 In-built  AC  Power  Strip  with  5A/15A  230VAC  plug

points
 Top mounted fan for forced ventilation
 Cable Manager 

D) Specifications for 18U Network Size Wall Mount Rack

Sr. No Minimum Specification Complies(Y/N)

Make :-

Model:-

1 Wall mount unit
2 18 U size to accommodate networking equipment at site

3

Rack Features
 Quick release, lockable front glazed door
 Ventilated top and bottom panels
 Adjustable 19” mounting angles
 In-built  AC  Power  Strip  with  5A/15A  230VAC  plug

points
 Top mounted fan for forced ventilation
 Cable Manager

E) Specifications for 24 Ports Patch Panel

Sr. No Minimum Specification Complies(Y/N)

Make :-

Model:-

1

24 ports Patch Panel - 110 IDC type at rear end & RJ 45 jack on 
front panel, 19" rack mountable, Wire Manager, should confirm 
or exceed the EIA/TIA 568 C standards for CAT 6, Metallic 
high strength & IU height, confirm EIA/TIA 568 C wiring 
pattern, should have routing rings & ties and labeling strips for 
identification, UL listed & Verified. Ports should be individually
replaceable.

Page | 119



    F) Specifications for Fiber Optics Media Convertor

Sr. No Minimum Specification Complies(Y/N)
Make :-
Model:-

1 Compliant with IEEE 802.3 10BaseT, IEEE802.3u 100BaseTX ,
IEEE 802.3ab 1000BaseT and IEEE 802.3z 1000BaseSX/LX 
Standards

2 One 10/100/1000BaseT Gigabit Ethernet TP Port and One 
1000BaseSX/LX Gigabit Ethernet Fiber Port

3 One 1000BaseSX/LX Fiber Port can support either Multi or 
Single Mode

4 TP Port can support Half/Full-Duplex, Auto-MDI/MDI-X and 
Auto-Negotiation

5 Multiple Fiber Connectors

G) Specifications for 24 Ports Wall Mount LIU (Light Interface Unit)

Sr. No Minimum Specification Complies(Y/N)
Make :-
Model:-

1
Suitable for interconnect in cables distribution or between cables
and optical equipment

2 Space saving with its compact & small design of enclosure
3 Front door design is easy for operation & fibers expansion
4 Can manage both splices and terminations

5
Can include adapter panels for maximum 24 ports LC/SC and 12
ports ST/FC terminations

6
Rubber fiber slotted bracket built-in, metal splice shelf to protect
the fibers

7
Snap-in locker design, easy to change adapter panels for flexible 
configuration & easy installation

8 Top & bottom cable entry is easy with rubber plug

H) Specifications for Information Outlet (I/O) Point

Sr. 
No

Minimum Specification Complies(Y/N)

Make :-
Model:-

1
Category 6 Shielded Information Outlets with robust, cable-ready 
and installer-friendly design and should complied with 
ANSI/TIA/EIA 568 C standard.

I) Specifications for Structured Cabling Components

ANSI - TIA 568 C Commercial Buildings for all kind of cables and connectors including Cat 6 
and Fibre Optics with 15 - 20 yrs warranty (actual warranty duration as per OEM). 

J) Remaining all items are as per S.O.R.

Seal & Signature of Tenderer with Date

Page | 120



SCHEDULE – II

DEVIATION FROM SPECIFICATIONS

The Tenderer shall state briefly any deviation contained in his main offer from
the specification. If the deviations are listed in a covering letter then reference of the
letter shall be made below.

Item or Clause Deviation Covering letter page

Seal & Signature of Tenderer with Date

Page | 121



SECTION 11

FRAUD

AND

CORRUPT

PRACTICES

Page | 122



FRAUD AND CORRUPT PRACTICES

 The Applicants and their respective officers, employees, agents and advisers shall observe the

highest  standard  of  ethics  during  the  Bidding  Process.  Notwithstanding  anything  to  the

contrary contained herein, the Authority may reject an Application without being liable in any

manner  whatsoever  to  the  Applicant  if  it  determines  that  the  Applicant  has,  directly  or

indirectly  or  through  an  agent,  engaged in  corrupt  practice,  fraudulent  practice,  coercive

practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice in the Bidding Process. 

 Without prejudice to the rights of  the Authority under relevant  Clause hereinabove,  if  an

Applicant  is  found  by  the  Authority  to  have  directly  or  indirectly  or  through  an  agent,

engaged  or  indulged  in  any  corrupt  practice,  fraudulent  practice,  coercive  practice,

undesirable practice or restrictive practice during the Bidding Process, such Applicant shall

not be eligible to participate in any tender or RFQ issued by the Authority during a period of

2 (two) years from the date such Applicant is found by the Authority to have directly or

indirectly  or  through  an  agent,  engaged  or  indulged  in  any  corrupt  practice,  fraudulent

practice, coercive practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice, as the case may be. 

 For the purposes  of  this  Clause ,  the following terms  shall  have the meaning hereinafter

respectively assigned to them: 

A. “corrupt practice” means

the offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting, directly or indirectly,  of anything of value to

influence the actions of any person connected with the Bidding Process (for avoidance of

doubt,  offering of employment  to,  or  employing,  or  engaging in any manner  whatsoever,

directly or indirectly,  any official  of  the  Authority who is  or  has  been associated in any

manner, directly or indirectly, with the Bidding Process or the LOA or has dealt with matters

concerning the Concession Agreement or arising there from, before or after the execution

thereof, at any time prior to the expiry of one year from the date such official resigns or retires

from or otherwise ceases to be in the service of the Authority, shall be deemed to constitute

influencing the actions of a person connected with the Bidding Process); or save and except as

permitted under the relavant sub clause, engaging in any manner whatsoever, whether during

the Bidding Process or after the issue of the LOA or after the execution of the Concession

Agreement, as the case may be, any person in respect of any matter relating to the Project or

the LOA or the Concession Agreement, who at any time has been or is a legal, financial or

technical adviser of the Authority in relation to any matter concerning the Project; 

B. “fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation or omission of facts or suppression of facts

or disclosure of incomplete facts, in order to influence the Bidding Process ; 

C. “coercive practice” means impairing or harming or threatening to impair or harm, directly or

indirectly,  any person or  property to  influence  any persons  participation  or  action in  the

Bidding Process; 

Page | 123



D. “undesirable practice”  means (i) establishing contact with any person connected with or

employed or engaged by the Authority with the objective of canvassing, lobbying or in any

manner influencing or attempting to influence the Bidding Process; or (ii) having a Conflict

of Interest; and 

E. “Restrictive  practice”  means  forming  a  cartel  or  arriving  at  any  understanding  or

arrangement among Applicants with the objective of restricting or manipulating a full and fair

competition in the Bidding Process. 

F. If the Employer/Financier determines that the Contractor has engaged in corrupt, fraudulent,

collusive, coercive or obstructive practices, in competing for or in executing the Contract,

then  the  Employer  may,  after  giving  14  days’  notice  to  the  Contractor,  terminate  the

Contractor's employment under the Contract and expel him from the Site, and the provisions

of relevant Clause shall apply as if such expulsion had been made. 

G. Should any employee of the Contractor be determined to have engaged in corrupt, fraudulent,

collusive,  coercive,  or  obstructive  practice  during  the  execution  of  the  Works,  then  that

employee shall be removed in accordance with relevant Clause. 

For the purposes of this Sub-Clause: 

i. “corrupt  practice” is  the  offering,  giving,  receiving to soliciting,  directly or indirectly,  of

anything of value to influence improperly the actions of another party; 

ii. “another party” refers to a public official acting in relation to the procurement process or

contract execution. In this context, “public official” includes Financer staff and employees of

other organizations taking or reviewing procurement decisions. 

iii. “fraudulent practice” is any act or omission, including a misrepresentation, that knowingly or

recklessly misleads, or attempts to mislead, a party to obtain a financial or other benefit or to

avoid an obligation; 

iv. “collusive practice” is an arrangement between two or more parties designed to achieve an

improper purpose, including to influence improperly the actions of another party; 

v. “coercive practice” is impairing or harming,  or  threatening to impair  or harm,  directly or

indirectly, any party or the property of the party to influence improperly the actions of a party;

vi. “obstructive practice” is deliberately destroying, falsifying, altering or concealing of evidence

material to the investigation or making false statements to investigators in order to materially

impede  the  Financier  investigation  into  allegations  of  a  corrupt,  fraudulent,  coercive  or

collusive practice; and/or threatening, harassing or intimidating any party to prevent it from

disclosing  its  knowledge  of  matters  relevant  to  the  investigation  or  from  pursuing  the

investigation; or 

Page | 124



vii. acts intended to materially impede the exercise of the Financer’s inspection and audit rights

provided . 

viii. “party”  refers  to  a  public  official;  the  terms  “benefit”  and  “obligation”  relate  to  the

procurement process or contract execution; and the “act or omission” is intended to influence

the procurement process or contract execution. 

ix. ”parties”  refers  to  participants  in  the  procurement  process  (including  public  officials)

attempting to establish bid prices at artificial, noncompetitive levels. 

x. A “party” refers to a participant in the procurement process or contract execution. 

Page | 125



SECTION 12
PRE BID MEETING

Page | 126



PREBID MEETING

Pre-bid meeting of the interested parties shall be convened at the designated date, time and place. A

maximum of three representatives of each Applicant shall be allowed to participate on production of

authority letter from the Applicant. 

During the course of Pre-bid meeting, the Applicants will be free to seek clarifications and make

suggestions  for  consideration  of  the  Authority.  The  Authority  shall  Endeavour  to  provide

clarifications and such further information as it may, in its sole discretion, consider appropriate for

facilitating a fair, transparent and competitive Bidding Process.

Page | 127



SECTION –13

LIST OF APPROVED BANKS

Page | 128



LIST OF APPROVED BANKS

1. The following Banks with their branches in Greater Mumbai and in suburbs and extended
suburbs  up  to  Virar  and  Kalyan  have  been  approved  only  for  the  purpose  of  accepting
Banker’s guarantee from 1997-98 onwards until further instructions. 

2. The Bankers Guarantee issued by branches of approved Banks beyond Kalyan and Virar can
be accepted only if the said Banker’s Guarantee is countersigned by the Manager of a branch
of the same Bank, within the Mumbai Limit categorically endorsing thereon that said bankers
Guarantee is binding on the endorsing Branch of the bank within Mumbai limits and is liable
to  be  on  forced  against  the  said  branch  of  the  Bank  in  case  of  default  by  the
contractor/supplier furnishing the bankers Guarantee. 

List of approved Banks:-

A S.B.I and its subsidiary Banks 
1 State Bank Of India. 
2 State Bank Of Bikaner & Jaipur. 
3 State Bank Of Hyderabad. 
4 State Bank Of Mysore. 
5 State Bank Of Patiyala. 
6 State Bank Of Saurashtra. 
7 State Bank Of Travankore. 
B Nationalized Banks 
8 Allahabad Bank. 
9 Andhra Bank. 
10 Bank Of Baroda. 
11 Bank Of India. 
12 Bank Of Maharashtra. 
13 Central Bank Of India. 
14 Dena Bank. 
15 Indian Bank. 
16 Indian Overseas Bank. 
17 Oriental Bank Of Commerce. 
18 Punjab National Bank. 
19 Punjab & Sindh Bank. 
20 Syndicate Bank. 
21 Union Bank Of India. 
22 United Bank Of India. 
23 UCO Bank. 
24 Vijaya Bank. 
24A Corporation Bank. 
C Scheduled Commercial Banks 
25 Bank Of Madura Ltd. 
26 Bank Of Rajasthan Ltd. 
27 Banaras State Bank Ltd. 
28 Bharat Overseas Bank Ltd 
29 Catholic Syrian Bank Ltd. 
30 City Union Bank Ltd. 
31 Development Credit Bank. 
32 Dhanalakshmi Bank Ltd. 
33 Federal Bank Ltd. 
34 Indsind Bank Ltd. 
35 I.C.I.C.I Banking Corporation Ltd. 
36 Global Trust Bank Ltd. 

Page | 129



37 Jammu & Kashmir Bank Ltd. 
38 Karnataka Bank Ltd. 
39 KarurVysya Bank Ltd. 
40 Laxmi Vilas Bank Ltd. 
41 Nedugundi Bank Ltd. 
42 Ratnakar Bank Ltd. 
43 Sangli Bank Ltd. 
44 South Indian Bank Ltd. 
45 S.B.I Corporation &Int Bank Ltd. 
46 Tamilnadu Mercantile Bank Ltd. 
47 United Western Bank Ltd. 
48 Vysya Bank Ltd. 
D Schedule Urban Co-op Banks 
49 Abhyudaya Co-op Bank Ltd. 
50 Bassein Catholic Co-op Bank Ltd. 
51 Bharat Co-op Bank Ltd. 
52 Bombay Mercantile Co-op Bank Ltd. 
53 Cosmos Co-op Bank Ltd. 
54 Greater Mumbai Co-op Bank Ltd. 
55 JanataSahakari Bank Ltd. 
56 Mumbai District Central Co-op Bank Ltd. 
57 Maharashtra State Co-op Bank Ltd. 
58 New India Co-op Bank Ltd. 
59 North Canara G.S.B. Co-op Bank Ltd. 
60 Rupee Co-op Bank Ltd. 
61 Sangli Urban Co-op Bank Ltd. 
62 Saraswat Co-op Bank Ltd. 
63 ShamraoVithal Co-op Bank Ltd. 
64 Mahanagar Co-op Bank Ltd. 
65 Citizen Bank Ltd. 
66 Yes Bank Ltd. 
E Foreign Banks 
67 ABM AMRO (N.Y.) Bank. 
68 American Express Bank Ltd. 
69 ANZ Grindlays Bank Ltd. 
70 Bank Of America N.T. & S.A. 
71 Bank Of Tokyo Ltd. 
72 Bankindosuez. 
73 BanqueNationale de Paris. 
74 Barclays bank. 
75 City Bank N.A. 
76 Hongkong & Shanghai banking Corporation. 
77 Mitsui Taiyokbe Bank Ltd. 
78 Standard Chartered Bank. 
79 Cho Hung Bank. 

Page | 130



SECTION –14

APPENDIX

Page | 131



FORM OF TENDER
To, 
The Municipal Commissioner for Greater Mumbai 
Sir, 
I/ We have read and examined the following documents relating to the construction of 
__________________________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________
 
i. Notice inviting tender. 

ii. Directions to tenderers (General and special) 

iii. General condition of contract for Civil Works of the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mum-
bai as amended up to date. 

iv. Relevant drawings 

v. Specifications. 

vi. Special directions 

vii. Annexure A and B. 

viii. Bill of Quantities and Rates. 

1A. I/We_______________________________________________________ 
(full name in capital letters, starting with surname), the Proprietor/ Managing Partner/ Manag-
ing Director/ Holder of the Business, for the establishment / firm / registered company, named
herein below, do hereby offer to 
…………………………………………………………………………………………………
…………………………………………………………………………………………………
……….…………………………………… 

Referred to in the specifications and schedule to the accompanying form of con-tract of the 
rates entered in the schedule of rates sent herewith and signed by me/ us” (strike out the por-
tions which are not applicable). 

1B. I/We do here by state and declare that I/We, whose names are given herein below in details 
with the addresses, have not filled in this tender under any other name or under the name of 
any other establishment /firm or otherwise, nor are we in any way related or concerned with 
the establishment /firm or any other person, who have filled in the tender for the aforesaid 
work.” 

2. I/We hereby tender for the execution of the works referred to in the aforesaid documents, 
upon the terms and conditions, contained or referred to therein and in accordance with the 
specifications designs, drawings and other relevant details in all respects. 

* At the rates entered in the aforesaid Bill of Quantities and Rates. 
3. According to your requirements for payment of Earnest Money amounting to 

Rs.______________________/-
(Rs._______________________________________________________) 
I/We have deposited the amount through online payment gateways with the C.E. of the 
Corporation not to bear interest 

4. I/We hereby request you not to enter into a contract with any other person/s for the execution 
of the works until notice of non/acceptance of this tender has first been communicated to 
me/us, and in consideration of yours agreeing to refrain from so doing I/we agree not to 
withdraw the offer constituted by this tender before the date of communication to me/us of 
such notice of  on / acceptance, which date shall be not later than ten days from the date of the
decision of the Standing Committee or Education Committee of the Corporation, as maybe 
required under the Mumbai Municipal Corporation Act, not to accept this tender.(Subject to 
condition 5 below). 

5. I/We also agree to keep this tender open for acceptance for a period of 180 days from the date
fixed for opening the same and not to make any modifications in its terms and conditions 
which are not acceptable to the Corporation. 

6.  I/We agree that the Corporation shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy, be at 
liberty to forfeit the said earnest money absolutely, if. 

Page | 132



a. I/We fail to keep the tender open as aforesaid. 
b. I/We fail to execute the formal contract or make the contract deposit when called 

upon to do so. 
c. I/we do not commence the work on or before the date specified by the Engineer in his

work order. 
7. I/We hereby further agree to pay all the charges of whatsoever nature in connection with the 

preparation, stamping and execution of the said contract. 
8. I/We further agree that, I/we shall register ourselves as ‘Employer’ with the Bombay Iron and

Steel Labour Board’ and fulfill all the obligatory provisions of Maharashtra Mathadi, Hamal 
and other Manual workers (Regulation of Employment and Welfare) Act 1969 and the Bom-

bay Iron and Steel unprotected workers Scheme 1970. 
9. “I/We………………………………………….…….. have failed in the accompanying tender 

with full knowledge of liabilities and, therefore, we will not raise any objection or dispute in 
any manner relating to any action, including forfeiture of deposit and blacklisting, for giving 
any information, which is found to be incorrect and against the instructions and directions 
given in this tender. 

10. “I/We further agree and undertake that in the event it is revealed subsequently after the allot-
ment of work/contract to me/us, that any information given by me/us in this tender is false or 
incorrect, I/We shall compensate the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai for any such 
losses or inconvenience caused to the Corporation in any manner and will not resist any claim
for such compensation on any ground whatsoever. I/we agree and undertake that I/we shall 
not claim in such case any amount by way of damages or compensation for cancellation of the
contract given to me/us or any work assigned to me/us or is with-drawn by the Corporation,” 

           Address Yours faithfully, 
…………………………………. 
…………………………….…… 

Digital Signature of the Tenderer or the Firm

1.………………………………………………. 

2.………………………………………………. 

3.………………………………………………. 

4.………………………………………………. 

5……………………………………………

Page | 133

Full Name and private residential address of all 
the partners constituting the Firm 

A/c No. 
…. ……………………………………………. 

1. …………………………………….. 
Name of Bank 

2. …………………………………….. 
………………………………………………… 

3. …………………………………….. 
Name of Branch 

4. …………………………………….. 
…………………………………………………. 

5. …………………………………….. 
Vender No. 

…………………………………………………….



AGREEMENT FORM

Tender / Quotation dated ……………. 20… 
Standing Committee/Education Committee Resolution No. ……..………………………………. 
CONTRACT FOR THE WORKS …….…………………………………………..………..………… 
…………………………………………………………...………………………….
……………………………………………………………………………...
………………………………………………… 
This agreement made this day of ………… ……………………………. ……………… ………… 
Two thousand ……………………....…..……..………..…………………………………………… 
Between .……...……………...………………………………………………….…………….……… 
………………………………………………………..…………….…………………………..……..… 
inhabitants of Mumbai, carrying on business at…… ………………...…..…… ………… … 
…………………………………………………………………...………………………….……………
in Bombay under the style and name of Messrs ……………………..……………………… 
……………………………………………………………...…………………………………………… 
(Hereinafter called “the contractor of the one part and Shri ……………………………… 
…………………………………………………………………………………….…………….………. 
the Director(E.S.&P.) (hereinafter called “the commissioner” in which expression are included unless 
the inclusion is inconsistent with the context, or meaning thereof, his successor or successors for the 
time being holding the office of Director (E,S.& P)of the second part and the Municipal Corporation 
of Greater Mumbai (hereinafter called “the Corporation”) of the third part, WHEREAS the contractor 
has tendered for the construction, completion and maintenance of the works described above and his 
ten-der has been accepted by the Commissioner (with the approval of the Standing Committee/Educa-
tion Committee of the Corporation NOW THIS 
THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH as follows:- 
1) In this agreement words and expressions shall have the same meanings as are respectively as-

signed to them in the General Conditions of Contract for works hereinafter referred to:- 

2) The following documents shall be deemed to form and be read and constructed as a part of 
this agreement viz. 
a) The letter of Acceptance 

b) The Bid: 

c) Addendum to Bid; if any 

d) Tender Document 

e) The Bill of Quantities: 

f) The Specification: 

g) Detailed Engineering Drawings 

h) Standard General Conditions of Contracts (GCC) 

i) All correspondence documents between bidder and MCGM 
3) In consideration of the payments to be made by the Commissioner to the contractor as here-

inafter mentioned the contractor hereby covenants with the Commissioner to construct, com-
plete and maintain the works in conformity in all respects with the provision of the contract. 

4) The Commissioner hereby covenants to pay to the Contractor in consideration of the con-
struction, completion and maintenance of the works the contract sum, at times and in the man-
ner prescribed by the contract. 

IN WITNESS WHERE OF the parties hereto have caused their respective common seals to be herein to af-
fixed (or have hereunto set their respective hands and seals) the day and year above written. 
Signed, Sealed and delivered by the contractors 

------------------------------------------           -----------------------------------------
------------------------------------------           -----------------------------------------
------------------------------------------           -----------------------------------------

Page | 134



In the presence of Trading under the name and style of 
------------------------------------------           -----------------------------------------
------------------------------------------           -----------------------------------------

Full Name 
Address Contractors 

Signed by the Director (ES&P) in the presence of 
                                                                 

Ex. .... City/ WS/ ES 

---------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------

                                                               Director (ES&P) 

The Common seal of the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai was hereunto affixed on the 
…………...... 20 in the presence of two members of the Standing Committee. 

1. 1. 
2. 2. 

And in the presence of the Municipal Secretary Municipal Secretary 

Page | 135



ANNEXURE '' A ''

1. Name of work : Work of Selection of System Integrator for 
Network Revamp at Various MCGM Offices. 

The Engineer for this work: Chief Engineer (M & E) 

Dy. Ch. Eng.(M & E)  P&C

Exe. Eng. Mech. (E.I.) P&D

2. Estimated cost of Tender: 

Sr.
No

Description of work Total Amount Rs. 

1 Civil Work NIL

2 LAN Work

3 Total Amount

3. Earnest Money 1967000.00

4 Time Period

5. Percentage to be charged as supervision charges for the work got executed through other 
means …….percent. 

The “Actual cost of the work” shall mean in the case of percentage rate contracts the

actual  cost  of  the  work  executed  at  the  rates  as  mentioned in  the  Contract  Schedule

adjusted by the Contractor's percentage rate and cost of extra and excess, but excluding

the  cost  on account  of  Water  Charges  and Sewerage Charges  if  any,  payable by the

contractor and also excluding cost on account of price variation claims as provided in

price variation clause as amended up to date.

Page | 136

1. Contract as a whole Period completion 12 Weeks + Five years 
comprehensive on site 
warranty & supports

2. Part or Groups of items 

i) i) 

ii) ii) 

iii iii 



1.  In case of item rate contracts the actual cost calculated for the work executed at the rates 
mentioned in the contract schedule for different items including cost of excess and extra 
items of the work excluding the cost of water charges and sewerage charges if any, 
payable by the contractor and excluding cost on account of price variation claims as 
provided in extra excess conditions as amended up to date. 

1. In case of lump sum contract the cost of the work actually carried out as per break up and 
programme of the work and the schedule of payment included in the contract including 
cost of any excess and/or extra items, of the work, excluding the cost on account of water 
charges and sewerage charges and also excluding cost on account of price variation 
claims as provided in extra excess conditions as amended up to date. 

Page | 137



Annexure- B

PRE-CONTRACT INTEGRITY PACT

The Bidder  commits  himself  to  take all  measures  necessary to  prevent  corrupt  practices,

unfair means and illegal activities during any stage of his bid or during any pre-contract or post-

contract stage in order to secure the contract or in furtherance to secure it and in particular commits

himself to the following:- 

1. The Bidder will not offer, directly or through intermediaries, any bribe, gift, consideration,

reward,  favour,  any material  or  immaterial  benefit  or  other  advantage,  commission,  fees,

brokerage or inducement to any official of the MCGM, connected directly or indirectly with

the bidding process, or to any person, organization or third party related to the contract in

exchange for any advantage in the bidding, evaluation, contracting and implementation of the

Contract. 

2. The Bidder further undertakes that he has not given, offered or promised to give, directly or

indirectly any bribe, gift, consideration, reward, favour, any material or immaterial benefit or

other advantage, commission, fees, brokerage or inducement to any official of the MCGM or

otherwise in procuring the Contract or forbearing to do or having done any act in relation to

the obtaining or execution of the Contract or any other Contract with the Government for

showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any person in relation to the Contract or

any other Contract with the Government. 

3. The  Bidder  will  not  collude  with  other  parties  interested  in  the  contract  to  impair  the

transparency,  fairness and progress of the bidding process, bid evaluation, contracting and

implementation of the contract. 

4. The Bidder will not accept any advantage in exchange for any corrupt practice, unfair means

and illegal activities. 

5. The Bidder,  either  while  presenting the bid or  during pre-contract  negotiations  or  before

signing the contract, shall disclose any payments he has made, is committed to or intends to

make  to  officials  of  the  MCGM  or  their  family  members,  agents,  brokers  or  any  other

intermediaries in connection with the contract and the details of services agreed upon for such

payments. 

6. The Bidder shall not use improperly, for purposes of competition or personal gain, or pass on

to  others,  any  information  provided  by  the  MCGM  as  part  of  the  business  relationship,

regarding plans, technical proposals and business details, including information contained in

any electronic data carrier. The Bidder also undertakes to exercise due and adequate care lest

any such information is divulged. 

7. The  Bidder  commits  to  refrain  from giving  any complaint  directly  or  through any other

manner without supporting it with full and verifiable facts. 

Page | 138



8. The Bidder shall not instigate or cause to instigate any third person to commit  any of the

actions mentioned above. 

9. The Bidder and their respective officers, employees, agents and advisers shall observe the

highest  standard  of  ethics  during  the  Bidding  Process.  Notwithstanding  anything  to  the

contrary contained herein, the Authority may reject an Application without being liable in any

manner  whatsoever  to  the  Applicant  if  it  determines  that  the  Applicant  has,  directly  or

indirectly  or  through  an  agent,  engaged in  corrupt  practice,  fraudulent  practice,  coercive

practice, undesirable practice or restrictive practice in the Bidding Process 

For the purposes of this Clause 9, the following terms shall have the meaning herein after

respectively assigned to them: 

1. “fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation or omission of facts or suppression of facts

or disclosure of incomplete facts, in order to influence the Bidding Process ; 

2. “coercive practice” means impairing or harming or threatening to impair or harm, directly or

indirectly,  any person or  property to  influence  any persons  participation  or  action in  the

Bidding Process; 

3. “undesirable  practice”  means  (i)  establishing  contact  with  any person  connected  with  or

employed or engaged by the Authority with the objective of canvassing, lobbying or in any

manner influencing or attempting to influence the Bidding Process; or (ii) having a Conflict

of Interest; and 

4. “restrictive practice” means forming a cartel or arriving at any understanding or arrangement

among Applicants with the objective of restricting or manipulating a full and fair competition

in the Bidding Process. 

Signature of Tenderer/Bidder

Page | 139



Annexure- C

(On Rs. 500/- Stamp Paper) 

DECLARATION CUM INDEMNITY BOND

I, _____________________ of _________, do hereby declared and undertake as under. 

1. I declare that I have submitted certificates as required to Executive engineer 

(Monitoring) at the time of registration of my firm/company _______ and there is no change

in the contents of the certificates that are submitted at the time of registration. 

2. I  declare  that  I  ____________  in  capacity  as  Manager/Director/Partners/Proprietors  of

___________  has  not  been  charged  with  any  prohibitory  and  /or  penal  action  such  as

banning(for specific time or permanent)/de-registration or any other action under the law by

any Government and/or Semi Government and/or Government undertaking. 

3. I  declare  that  I  have  perused  and  examined  the  tender  document  including  addendum,

condition of contract, specifications, drawings, bill of quantity etc. forming part of tender and

accordingly,  I  submit  my offer  to  execute the work as  per  tender documents  at  the rates

quoted by me in capacity as ______________ of ___________. 

4. I further declare that if I am allotted the work and I failed to carry out the allotted work in

accordance  with  the  terms  and  conditions  and  within  the  time  prescribed  and  specified,

MCGM is entitled to carry out the work allotted to me by any other means at my risk and

cost, at any stage of the con-tract. 

5. I also declare that I will not claim any charge/damages/compensation for non availability of

site for the contract work at any time. 

6. I declare that I will positively make the arrangements of the required equipment on the day of

commencement or with respect to the progress of the work in phases, as per the instructions

of site in charge 

Signature of Tenderer/Bidder

Page | 140



BANKERS GURANTEE IN LIEU OF CONTRACT DEPOSIT

THIS INDENTURE made this ______________day of __________ BETWEEN 

THE ___________________BANK incorporated under the English/Indian Companies Acts

and carrying on business in Mumbai (hereinafter referred to as 'the bank' which expression shall be

deemed  to  include  its  successors  and  assigns)of  the  first  part

__________________________________________  _________________________________

inhabitants carrying on business at _______________________________ in Mumbai under the style

and name of Messer’s __________________(hereinafter referred to as 'the consultant') of the second

part Shri. _______________________________________ 

THE MUNICIPAL COMMISSIONER FOR GREATER MUMBAI (hereinafter referred to as

'the commissioner' which expression shall be deemed, also to include his successor or successors for

the time being in the said office of Municipal Commissioner ) of the third part and THE MUNICIPAL

CORPORATION OF GREATER MUMBAI (hereinafter referred to as 'the Corporation') of the fourth

part WHEREAS the consultants have submitted to the Commissioner tender for the execution of the

work of ''_________________________________________________________and the terms of such

tender /contract require that the consultants shall deposit with the Commissioner as/contract deposit/

earnest money and /or the security a sum of Rs.______________(Rupees __________________)AND

WHEREAS if and when any such tender is accepted by the Commissioner, the contract to be entered

into in furtherance thereof by the consultants will provide that such deposit shall remain with and be

appropriated by the Commissioner towards the Security -deposit to be taken under the contract and be

redeemable by the consultants, if they shall duly and faithfully carry out the terms and provisions of

such contract and shall duly satisfy all claims properly chargeable against them there under AND

WHEREAS the consultants are constituents of the Bank and in order to facilitate the keeping of the

accounts  of  the  consultants,  the  Bank  with  the  consent  and  concurrence  of  the  consultants  has

requested the Commissioner to accept the undertaking of the Bank hereinafter contained, in place of

the contractors depositing with the Commissioner the said sum as earnest money and /or security as

aforesaid AND WHEREAS accordingly the Commissioner has agreed to accept  such undertaking

NOW THIS AGRREMENT WITHNESSES that in consideration of the premises, the Bank at the

request of the consultants ( hereby testified ) UNDERTAKES WITH the commissioner to pay to the

commissioner upon demand in writing , whenever required by him , from time to time , so to do ,a

sum not exceeding in the whole Rs._____________(Rupees___________________)under the terms

of the said tender and /or the contract .The B.G. Is valid up to _________”Notwithstanding anything

what  has  been  stated  above,  our  liability  under  the  above  guarantee  is  restricted  to

Rs.___________only and guarantee shall remain in force up to ____________ unless the demand or

claim under this guarantee is made on us in writing on or before __________all your right under the

above guarantee shall be forfeited and we shall be released from all liabilities under the guarantee

thereafter” 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF 

Page | 141



WITNESS(1) _________________ 

Name and _________________ 

address _________________ 

WITNESS(2)__________________ 

Name and __________________ the duly constituted Attorney Manager 

address _____________________ 

the Bank and the said Messer’s ___________________________________ 

_______________________________________ (Name of the Bank) 

WITNESS(1)_________________ 

Name and _________________ 

address _________________ 

WITNESS(2)_________________ 

Name and ___________________ 

For Messer’s ____________________ 

address ____________________ 

have here into set their respective hands the day and year first above written. 

The amount shall be inserted by the Guarantor, representing the Contract Deposit in

Indian Rupees.

Page | 142



Annexure- D

Rate Analysis

Item Description

Sr.

No. 

Description  of  rate

analysis parameters 

Unit Quantity Rate Amount

1 Basic  Material  (Rate

should be inclusive of all

taxes) 

2 Machinery Hire Charges 

3 Labour Type (labour 

components)

4 Total of all components 

5 Overhead  &  Profit  15%

on 4 

6 Total Rate (4+5) 

7 Per unit rate 

Sign & Seal of the Tenderer

Page | 143



PROFORMAS:

PROFORMA- I

The list of similar works as stated in para ‘A’ of Post qualification during last five years–

PROFORMA- I
Sr. No. Name of the 

Project 
Name of the 
employer 

Stipulated date
of completion 

Actual date of 
completion 

Actual Cost of 
work done 

1 2 3 4 5 6

NOTE: 

j.          Scanned Attested copies of completion/performance certificates from the Engineer-in-Charge

for  each  work  should  be  annexed  in  the  support of  information  furnished  in  the  above

proforma. 

k.         Works shall be grouped financial year-wise. 

PROFORMA- II

Yearly turnover of Civil Engineering Construction Works during the last five years.

PROFORMA- III

At least similar work, as stated in para ‘A’ of Post qualification,.

PROFORMA- III
Name of 
the 
Project 

Name of 
the 
Employer 

Cost of 
the 
Project 

Date of 
is-sue of 
work 
Order 

Stipulated 
Date of 
Completion

Actual 
Date of 
Completion

Actual 
cost of 
work 
done 

Remarks 
explaining 
reasons for 
delay, if 
any 

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

Note:  Scanned Attested copies of completion/performance certificates from the Engineer-in-charge

for each work should be annexed in support of information furnished in the above proforma.

Page | 144



PERSONNEL:

PROFORMA- IV
Sr.
No.

Post Name Qualification Work Experience

(Prime 
Candidate/ 
Alternate) 

No. of Years Name of 
Projects 

1

2

3

4

NOTE: Scanned Attested copies of qualification certificates and details of work experience shall be

submitted /uploaded.

MACHINERY: (for special work only)

PROFORMA- V/A
Sr. No. Equipment Number Owned/Leased/Assured 

access 
1 2 3 4

PROFORMA- V/B
Sr. No. Equipment Number Owned 

1 2 3 4

Note:   The  tenderer(s)  shall  furnish/upload  the  requisite  Scanned  Attested  documents  of

ownership/leased of machineries. The undertaking from the suppliers will not be accepted.

PROFORMA - VI / A

Details of Existing Commitments and ongoing works –

PROFORMA - VI / A
Description
of work 

Place Contract 
No. & 
Date 

Name & 
Addresses
of 
employer 

Value of 
Contract 
in Rs. 

Scheduled 
date of 
completion

Value of 
work 
remaining
to be 
completed

Anticipated 
Date of 
completion 

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

Page | 145



Note:   Scanned Attested copies of completion/performance certificates from the Engineer-in-Charge

for  each  work  should  be  annexed  in  the  support  of  information  furnished  in  the  above

proforma.

PROFORMA - VI / B

Details of works for which bids are already uploaded –

PROFORMA - VI / B

Description 
of work 

Place Name & 
Ad-dresses 
of employee

Value of 
Contract in 
Rs. 

Time Period Date on 
which 
decision is 
expected 

Remarks 

1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Note:   Scanned Attested copies of certificates from the Engineer-in-charge for each work shall be

annexed.

Page | 146


	No. Ch. Eng. / M & E / 2242MC of 20.03.17
	7.1) Project Objective
	7.2) Summary of Scope
	General Specifications
	As Is Study and Network Revamp Solution Design Report
	Integration with Exiting Network
	Network Security
	LAN Communication Infrastructure
	Supply, Installation, Configuration (field level) and Commissioning of Network Infrastructure
	Testing Plan and Testing Methodology
	Partial Acceptance Test (PAT)
	Final Acceptance Testing (FAT) and Go – Live
	Additional Supply of Networking Equipment for any new office location
	Comprehensive onsite warranty and support (AMC)

	Service Level Indicators (SLA)
	a. Site locations
	c. Coordination and Cooperation with FMS Service provider of MCGM
	d. Technical Specifications
	A) Specifications for L2 Switch - 24 GE Copper Ports
	B) Specifications for Transceivers (SFP):
	C) Specifications for 9U Network Size Wall Mount Rack
	D) Specifications for 18U Network Size Wall Mount Rack
	E) Specifications for 24 Ports Patch Panel
	F) Specifications for Fiber Optics Media Convertor
	G) Specifications for 24 Ports Wall Mount LIU (Light Interface Unit)
	H) Specifications for Information Outlet (I/O) Point
	I) Specifications for Structured Cabling Components
	Technical Specifications Compliance statement
	Deviation
	Technical Specifications Compliance statement
	A) Specifications for L2 Switch - 24 GE Copper Ports
	B) Specifications for Transceivers (SFP):
	C) Specifications for 9U Network Size Wall Mount Rack
	D) Specifications for 18U Network Size Wall Mount Rack
	E) Specifications for 24 Ports Patch Panel
	F) Specifications for Fiber Optics Media Convertor
	G) Specifications for 24 Ports Wall Mount LIU (Light Interface Unit)
	H) Specifications for Information Outlet (I/O) Point
	I) Specifications for Structured Cabling Components

