


















































Tender for Providing Rack Server with Material and Services


 

 
Tender for Providing Rack Server 
with Material and Services 
On Supply, Installation, Testing and Commissioning (SITC) basis 
 
at Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust 
 
 
April, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust 
Gandhi Smarak Sangrahalaya, Gandhi Ashram 
Ahmedabad – 380027 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Notice Inviting On-line Tender 
Department Name Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust 

(SAPMT) 
Authority Inviting/ Opening 
Bid 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust 
Gandhi Smarak Sangrahalaya, Gandhi Ashram Sabarmati, 
Ahmedabad – 380 027. Gujarat. India. 

Name of Work Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 
Tender Currency Type Single 
Tender Currency Settings Indian Rupee (INR) 
Joint Venture/Consortium Not Allowed 
Amount Details 
Tender Fee INR 2,000/- in form of Demand Draft from any Nationalized 

Bank or HDFC/AXIS/ICICI bank  (Non-refundable) 
Estimated Project Cost Approximately INR 10,00,000/- (Ten Lakh Only) 
Bid Security/EMD (INR) INR 80,000/- (Eighty Thousand Only) 
Bid Security/EMD in favour 
of 

(Rupees Eighty Thousand Only) by DD in favour of 
“Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust” 
from any Nationalized Bank or HDFC/AXIS/ICICI bank 

Important Dates 
Bid Document Downloading 
Start Date 

10/04/2019 at 10.00 hrs. 

Bid Document Downloading 
End Date 

06/05/2019 at 17.00 hours. 

Pre-bid Meeting Date 18/04/2019 at 12.00 hours at Gandhi Heritage Portal 
Office, Museum Building, Sabarmati Ashram Preservation 
and Memorial Trust, Gandhi Ashram, Ahmedabad – 380 
027. Gujarat. India. 

Last Date of Physical 
submission of EMD, Tender 
fee and other documents. 

06/05/2019 at 17.00 hours. 

Last Date for Online 
Submission of eTender 

06/05/2019 at 17.00 hours. 

Date of Tender Opening 07/05/2019 at 11.30 hrs. 
Bid Validity Period 90 days from opening of price bid 
Remarks  Bidder should submit their financial offer in electronic 

format on website, after digitally signing the same. Offers 
which are not digitally signed will not be accepted. No offer 
in physical form will be accepted and any such offer is 
received will be out rightly rejected by Sabarmati Ashram 
Preservation & Memorial Trust, Ahmedabad.  

Phone +91 79 2756 0597 
Email admin@gandhiheritageportal.org 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 1 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Bid Submission 
1. Please address all queries and correspondence to the Sabarmati Ashram Preservation & 

Memorial Trust, Gandhi Ashram Sabarmati, Ahmedabad – 380 027. Gujarat. India. 

Email address: admin@gandhiheritageportal.org 

2. Please quote Tender Number in all your correspondence. 
3. Bidders who wish to participate in this selection process will have to register on 

https:/www.nprocure.com. Further, participating Bidders will have to procure Digital 
Certificate as per Information Technology Act 2000 using which they can sign their 
electronic commercial proposals. Bidders can procure the same from (n) Code Solutions 
– a division of GNFC Limited, or from any other agency licensed by Controller of 
Certifying Authority. Government of India. Bidders who already have a Digital Certificate 
need not procure a new digital certificate.  

4. Technical Bid: Bidders should submit physically their bids in TWO SEPARATE PARTS in 
sealed envelopes, each super-scribed with due date, time, project and nature of bid. 
Bidder has to submit spiral document duly numbered. Loose documents shall be out 
rightly rejected. Please submit technical bid (without price) along with required 
documents at following address: 

Gandhi Heritage Portal Office, 
Museum Building, 
Sabarmati Ashram Preservation & Memorial Trust, Gandhi Ashram,  

 Ahmedabad – 380 027. Gujarat. India. 

4.1.  PART-I: EMD & Tender Fee should be submitted in a separate sealed envelope. 
Please enclose EMD of INR 80,000/- and Tender Fee of INR 2,000/- in form of 
Demand Drafts drawn in favour of "Sabarmati Ashram Preservation & Memorial 
Trust" payable at Ahmedabad. EMD will be refunded immediately after placement 
of order to the other parties. Please mention following details on the envelope: 
PART – I 
EMD and Tender Fee 
Tender ID 
Tender Name 

4.2. PART-II: Original copy of TECHNICAL BID duly signed, complete with all technical 
and other details EXCEPT the PRICES/QUOTE. Original printed document shall be 
considered as authentic. All pages of the offer must be signed. Please mention 
following on the envelope: 
PART – II 
TECHNICAL BID 
Tender ID 
Tender Name 

4.3. Note: Filling up prices in Part II will render the Bidder disqualified. The envelopes 
containing Part-I and Part-II of offer should be enclosed in a larger single envelope 
duly sealed.  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 2 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

5. Financial Bid: Bidder should submit the FINANCIAL BID ONLINE through 
www.nprocure.com ONLY. 

6. Services offered should be strictly as per specifications mentioned in this Tender 
Document. Please clearly declare any unavoidable deviations, article-wise, in your bid 
under the heading "Deviations". 

7. Once quoted, the Bidder should not make any subsequent price changes, whether 
resulting or arising out of any technical/commercial clarifications sought regarding the 
bid, even if any deviation or exclusion may be specifically stated in the bid. Such price 
changes shall render the bid liable for rejection. 

 

General Terms and Conditions 
1. Bidders have to submit Price bid in Electronic form ONLY on nProcure website 

(https://www.nprocure.com/) till the Last Date & Time for submission. 

2. Price bid offered in physical form will NOT be accepted in any case.  
3. Bidders who wish to participate in online tenders will have to procure/should have 

legally valid Digital Certificate as per Information Technology Act-2000 using which they 
can sign their electronic bids. Bidders can procure the same from any of license 
certifying Authority of India or can contact (n) Code Solutions – A division of GNFC Ltd., 
who are licensed Certifying Authority by Govt. of India.  

4. All bids should be digitally signed. The bidder shall contact at below mentioned address 
for vendor registration, if they don’t have the same:  

 (n) Code Solutions – A Division of GNFC  
 301, GNFC Info tower, Bodakdev,  

Ahmedabad –380 054. Gujarat. India. 
Telephone: +91 79 26857316 / 17 / 18 
E-mail: nprocure@gnvfc.net 
Fax: +91 79 26857321 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 3 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

CONTENTS 

 
CHAPTER NO.  PARTICULARS  
I  INVITATION FOR BIDS (IFB)  
II  BID EVALUATION CRITERIA 
III  GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
IV  GENERATION INFORMATION ABOUT THE TENDERER 
 
 
  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 4 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

CHAPTER – I 

INVITATION FOR BIDS (IFB) 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust (SAPMT), Ahmedabad established in 
1951, the nomenclature indicates is primarily that of preservation and stand as memorial of 
the historical of phenomenon of Gandhi’s life thought and work. 

SAPMT invites interested service provider to submit bids, related experience, references of 
the work completed in prescribed format and time limits. Decision of allotment of work by 
SAPMT will be final. 

1. Instructions to Applicant 
1.1. The Applicant shall bear all the costs associated with the preparation and 

submission of the EOI/Bid and SAPMT will, in no case be responsible or liable for 
these costs regardless the conduct or outcome of the process. The Applicant is 
expected to examine all instructions, forms, terms & conditions in the EOI/Bid 
document. 

1.2. SAPMT reserves the right to cancel any or all the EOI/Bid as per its discretion 
without assigning and giving any reason thereof. SAPMT also reserves right to 
rescind the process of this EOI/Bid at any time before placement of the order for the 
said scope of work herein. 

1.3. The Applicant shall prepare the EOI/Bid based on the information furnished and 
terms & conditions provided in the EOI/Bid document.  

1.4. Failure to furnish all information required by the EOI/Bid or submission of EOI/Bid 
not substantially responsive to the EOI/Bid document will be at the applicant's risk 
and may result in the rejection of the EOI/Bid. 

1.5. The EOI/Bid submitted is to be signed by a person who is a duly authorized by the 
company. A proof in this regard to be submitted along with the relevant documents. 

1.6. The bidder must meet requirements stated. The SAPMT reserves the right to 
request for any additional information and reserves the right to reject the proposal 
of any Applicant, if in the opinion of the SAPMT, the qualification data is incomplete 
or the applicant is found not qualified to satisfactorily perform the works. 

1.7. As an acceptance of terms and conditions, the document duly signed and sealed on 
every page should be returned along with the offer. 

1.8. Only one bid will be accepted from a Group of companies and entities. 
1.9. All photocopies are required in self-attestation 
1.10. Entire Tender Document with annexure must be submitted duly signed & 

stamped on each page 

2. Scope of the work & deliverables 
Following is the proposed list of specification of the Rack Server to be procured. All the 
material/services should be delivered to SAPMT and all the expenses related to the same 
will have to bear by service provider. All the expenses related to project execution needs to 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 5 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

bear by service provider. Supply/Delivery location for goods & services will be SAPMT. 
Please plan everything as SAPMT will not provide anything while implementation: 

Rack Server - Quantity 2 
(Makes : Lenovo / HPE / Dell EMC / Cisco)  
Sr. No.   Specifications  

1.  Chassis: 1U or 2U Rack Mountable  
2.  CPU: CPU: 2*Intel® Xeon® Silver Processor 4110 (20M Cache, 2.1 GHz) or higher. 

Minimum 8 core required 
3.  Motherboard: Intel® C600 Series Chipset or higher  
4.  Graphics: On Board  Graphics with 16 MB RAM  
5.  Slots: Minimum three PCI-X/PCI-e slots   
6.  Memory: 32GB (2 x 16GB) DDR4 – expandable up to 64 GB 
7.  Bays: 8 Hot Plug hard disk bays  
8.  HDD:  

Operating System (OS): Minimum 600 GB usable with RAID 1. OS will be 
provided by SAPMT but needs to be installed by SI. 
Data: Minimum 8 TB usable with RAID 5 (4 x 4 TB 10K RPM SAS) 

9.  RAID: We will need Hardware-based RAID controller with 2GB cache memory 
10.  Keyboard: Standard 104 keys USB based Keyboard 
11.  Mouse: Standard 2 Keys Optical USB scroll mouse 
12.  Networking Features: Embedded 4 * 1Gbps ports or more  
13.  HBA Card: 1* 8Gbps Dual Port FC HBA with FC Patch cord (Single FC Card) 
14.  Ports: 3 USB ports (with Min 1 USB 3.0 port),  

4 RJ-45 port,  
1 VGA or HDMI port to connect display 
1 Remote Management Port (TCP\IP based): (it is used for GUI interface to 
monitor & manage the server performance remotely.)  

15.  Management hardware: Integrated System Management Processor or 
Integrated BMC Controller  

16.  System Management Software: Pre-failure alerts for processor, memory and 
hard disks, Unattended  and selectable remote boot and remote diagnostics, 
ECC with error reporting   

17.  DVD Drive: Slim Line DVD Writer (Internal / External through USB connectivity) 
18.  Rack rails: Rack rails needs to be supply along with server  
19.  Power Supply: Redundant Hot swappable  power supply   
20.  Certifications RoHS ,UL ,CE/FCC or equivalent third party certification from 

reputed Indian/foreign Agency, Linux Certification   
21.  Delivery Period: Entire solution must be completed in 4 – 6 weeks from the date 

of order. 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 6 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

22.  Support: 3 years OEM 24X7 comprehensive onsite warranty. 
(Proof for the warranty from OEM will be required) 

Note: Proposed product must have at least 5 year of end of life cycle. Please provide 
datasheet of the each product proposed. Please plan all inventory and services with 3 year 
warranty and support.  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 7 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

CHAPTER - II 
BID EVALUATION CRITERIA 

Offers of only those parties who are found qualified based on Bid Evaluation Criteria will be 
consider for further evaluation. 

1. Commercial Profile sheet dully filled up 
1.1. Earnest Money Deposit in the prescribed form should be submitted along with the 

offer.  
1.2. Latest Income Tax Returns, Annual Accounts and Turnover Statement of the 

Company for last three financial years (as period mentioned earlier).  
2. Qualifying Criteria for selection  

To be qualified for Rack Server tender, the bidder shall have to fulfil the following 
criteria. 

2.1. Bidder should be a service provider for Rack Server and services. 
2.2. The bidder should have a minimum experience of THREE years in installation of Rack 

Servers and services. Details of above work done successfully in last three financial 
years along with copies of the orders and completion certificates from the user 
agencies should be submitted along with the Technical Bid as per Annexure – I of 
the Tender Document. SAPMT may ask to provide demo along with specifications of 
the said project/s. 

2.3. Bidder must have successfully completed, at least THREE work of installation of Rack 
Servers with services. Please submit proof of it. SAPMT may ask to provide demo 
along with specifications of the said project/s. 

2.4. The bidder should have Sum Total Turnover of NOT LESS than INR 5 Crore over a 
period of last THREE financial years. A certificate duly certified by Chartered 
Accountant for the turnover of last three financial years is required to be attached.  

2.5. The bidder should have minimum THREE technically qualified and well-experienced 
manpower. Brief bio-data of the key personnel should be enclosed with the offers 
as per Annexure-II of the Tender Document.  

2.6. The bidder should NOT be blacklisted by any Government/Public sector 
organization. 

2.7. Bidder should have worked with Educational institute/university. 
2.8. OEM and SI should have office in Ahmedabad/Gandhinagar to provide support 

locally. 

2.9. The bidder should have above stated requirements and the SAPMT reserves the 
right to request for any additional information and reserves the right to reject the 
proposal of any Applicant, if in the opinion of the SAPMT, the qualification data is 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 8 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

incomplete or the applicant is found not qualified to satisfactorily perform the 
works.  

2.10. As an acceptance of terms and conditions, the document duly signed and sealed 
on every page should be returned along with the offer.  

Offers not satisfying any of the above mentioned criteria would be liable for rejection. 

Payment terms: 

Following may be the payment terms: 

1) Invoice for 80% of the project cost can be raised on delivery of material at SAPMT. 
2) Invoice for rest 20% can be raised after one month of the installation, commissioning 

and acceptance of the project by SAPMT. 
10% Performance Bank Guarantee will be required for the warranty period of the 
project. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 9 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

CHAPTER – III 
 

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

1. Before submission of the Offer, Bidders are required to make themselves fully 
conversant with the scope of the work, technical requirements and specifications, etc., 
so that no ambiguity arises on a later date in this respect.  

2. All information in the Offer shall be in English. Information in any other language should 
be accompanied by its translation in English. Failure to comply with this may disqualify 
the Bidder. The Offer must contain the name, address of residence and places of 
business of the person or persons submitting the Offers and should be signed with seal 
by the Bidder(s) with his/their usual signature(s). 

3. If the Bidder finds discrepancies in, or omissions from the specifications or other 
documents or if he is in doubt as to their meaning, he should at once intimate SAPMT 
and obtain clarification in writing prior to submitting his Offer.  

4. Each page of the Tender document should be signed and stamped by the Bidder as a 
token of acceptance to terms and conditions mentioned herein.  

5. Offers of only those firms or individuals, who are either themselves technically capable 
and sound for providing such services and who give satisfactory evidence of such 
experience shall only be considered.  

6. In this deed of agreement/ Offer, unless the context otherwise requires:  
SAPMT shall mean the Director or his representative of Sabarmati Ashram, Gandhi 
Ashram, Ahmedabad – 380 027 and shall include his successors and assignees. 
The Bidder shall mean the party whose offer shall be accepted by SAPMT and shall 
include such Bidders heirs, legal representatives, successors and assignees. 

7. The Bidder shall be deemed to have carefully examined all the papers, specifications and 
artworks if any and other required material, etc. attached in the contract. If he has any 
doubt as to the meaning of any portion of any condition/ specification, etc. he shall 
before signing the contract submit the particulars thereof to SAPMT in order that such 
doubts are removed.  

8. The time is essence of contract hence penalty for delay in completion of work will be 
@ 0.5 % per week to maximum 5%, beyond that it lead to cancelation of the order.  
This excludes delay in the completion of the work due to unforeseen reasons beyond the 
control and without fault and negligence of the Bidder including (but not restricted to) 
act of God or public anomie action of Government in its sovereign capacity, floods, 
epidemics, strikes, lockouts, fires and accidents. In the event of any of the aforesaid 
contingencies or delay in approval or changes suggested by SAPMT, the Bidder may 
promptly keep SAPMT informed by Fax/Telex/Telegram followed by confirmation in 
writing with documentary proof within fifteen days of commencement and cessation of 
Force Majeure circumstances. Under such circumstances reasonable extension of time 
shall be granted by SAPMT. Application for such extension must be made before the due 
date of completion of work as per agreement. SAPMT, at its discretion, may cancel the 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 10 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

contract, if the work is not completed within reasonable time granted. In the event of 
termination of the agreement, SAPMT shall be at liberty to get the remaining part of the 
work done through any other agency/Bidder in the manner and on the terms it thinks 
proper. If the cost of executing the work as aforesaid shall exceed the balance due to the 
Bidder, and the Bidder fails to make good the deficiency, SAPMT may recover it from the 
Bidder in any lawful manner. 

9. The Bidder shall have to comply with all rules, regulations, laws and bylaws enforced by 
local and State Govt. and also the organization in whose premises the work has to be 
done. 

10. If the Bidder neglects to execute the work with due diligence and expedition or refuses 
or neglect to comply with any reasonable orders within two days’ notice given in writing 
to the Bidder, and if he fails to comply with the notice, then in such a case SAPMT shall 
be at liberty to get the work or any part of it, executed through any other agency/Bidder 
in the manner and on the terms it thinks proper. If the cost of executing the work as 
aforesaid shall exceed the balance due to the Bidder, and the Bidder fails to make good 
the deficiency, SAPMT may recover it from the Bidder in any lawful manner. 

11. SAPMT shall have at all reasonable time access to the works being carried out by the 
Bidder under this contract. All the works shall be carried out by the Bidder to the 
satisfaction of SAPMT. 

12. Any question, dispute or difference whatsoever arises between SAPMT and Bidder, in 
connection with this agreement except as to matters, the decision for which has been 
specifically provided, either party may forthwith give to the other notice in writing of 
existence of such questions, dispute, difference and the same shall be referred to the 
sole arbitration of a person nominated by Director SAPMT. This reference shall be 
governed by Indian Arbitration Act prevailing at the time of dispute and the rules made 
there under. The award in such arbitration shall be final and binding on all the parties. 
Work under the agreement shall continue during the arbitration proceedings unless the 
SAPMT or the Arbitrator directs otherwise. 

13. SAPMT may at any time by notice in writing to the Bidder either stop the work 
altogether or reduce or cut it down. If the work is stopped altogether, the Bidder shall 
only be paid for work done and expenses legitimately incurred by him as on preparation 
of the execution of the work up to the date on which such notice is received by him. 
Such expenses shall be assessed by SAPMT whose decision shall be final and binding on 
the Bidder. If the work is cut down the Bidder shall not be paid for the work as so cut 
down, but in neither case shall be paid any compensation what so ever for the loss or 
profit which he might have made if he had been allowed to complete all the work 
included in the contract. 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 11 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

14. The work shall be carried out by the Bidder with prior approval of SAPMT. Work carried 
out without SAPMT’s approval shall not be accepted and the SAPMT shall have right to 
reject it and to recover the cost as so incurred, from the Bidder. 

15. The Bidder shall not display the photograph of the work and shall not take advantage 
through publicity of the work without written permission of SAPMT. 

16. Canvassing in connection with the tenders is strictly prohibited and the offer submitted 
by the firms who resort to canvassing will be liable to be rejected. 

17. SAPMT reserves the right to accept any offer based on its merits and SAPMT is not 
bound to place the order with the party having submitted the lowest offer. Thus party 
merely on the ground that their financial offer is lowest, does not necessarily qualify 
them for receiving the order. 

18. Questions and disputes relating to the meaning of the specifications/instructions and 
terms of the contract herein mentioned and as to the quality of the workmanship and 
materials used for the work estimates and payments or as to any question, claim, right 
matter of things whatsoever in any way arising out of or relating to the contract shall be 
deemed to have arisen at Ahmedabad and only the court in Ahmedabad will have 
jurisdiction to determine the same. 

19. The E.M.D. / Security Deposit shall liable to be forfeited in the following circumstances 
when the, 
19.1. Tender is rejected due to failure to supply the requisite documents improper 

format or giving any misleading statement or submission of false affidavit or 
fabricate documents. 

19.2. Party fails to sign the agreement for entering into contract in case the offer is 
accepted, due to any reason whatsoever. 

19.3. Party fails to supply the goods / items as per the orders / R.C. placed by 
SAPMT within the delivery period so stipulated time line. 

19.4. Party fails to replace/correct the supplied material declared to be wrong / 
different from specification and R.C. holder / successful bidder have to refund the 
cost of such goods. 

20. Back out from tender at any interim level during tender processing: -Once the tenders 
are submitted it will be the responsibility of the tenderer not to escape halfway directly 
or indirectly by way of raising any problems. 

21. In no case the certificate should be dated earlier than one year {unless otherwise 
specified} and should be in force and valid on the last date of the submission of the 
tender / signing of the agreement {as the case may be}. In case, the certificates / 
licenses / permission are outdated or the validity period is over, the proof of applying for 
renewal should also be attached. Such certificates will be considered if the renewal has 
been applied for within the time limit prescribed for the renewal of that permission / 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 12 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

license /certificate under the relevant rules and further if such application for renewal is 
not specifically rejected by the competent authorities. In case any certificate is still 
awaited from the competent authority, the proof of making the application should also 
be attached which will be considered if the application is not specifically rejected by the 
competent authorities. 

22. The tenderer must satisfy that they are in possession of the requisite permissions / 
licenses / permits required for the supply of the items for which the offer is made. 
Failure to enter into contract if selected or to execute the purchase orders after entering 
into contract for want of permission /license or due to non-supply of certificates / 
documents will be viewed seriously and will invite forfeiture of E.M.D. / risk purchase / 
disqualification for 2 years without any further reference. 

23. The tenders will be opened online on the date, time specified in tender notice. In the 
first instance, only "Technical bid" will be opened online on the date of opening the 
tender and taken into consideration for finalization. Subsequently, the "commercial bid" 
will be opened online only for those tenderers whose quotations satisfy the technical 
requirement of the indenter and are otherwise acceptable. 

24. Authority of signing document: A person signing the Tender Form or any document, 
forming part of the contract on behalf of the supplier, shall carry the authorization letter 
stating his / her authority to sign such documents from the respective organization. 

25. Saving Clause: No suit, prosecution or any legal proceedings shall lie against Tender 
Inviting Authority or any person for anything that is done in good faith or intended to be 
done in pursuance of tender. 

26. The tender is liable for rejection due to any of the reasons mentioned below: 
26.1. Non-Submission of tender within stipulated time online. 
26.2. Submission of tender without Tender Fee. 
26.3. Tender is unsigned OR not initiated on each page or with unauthenticated 

corrections. 
26.4. Submission of tender documents in unsealed envelope. 
26.5. Tender not submitted in separate envelopes as per conditions and the 

envelopes are not super scribed with details of the tender enquiry and part 
enclosed. 

26.6. Non-payment of Earnest Money Deposit {if not exempted.} 
26.7. Non-submission of required documents as shown at Eligibility criteria section. 
26.8. Conditional and / or vague offers. 
26.9. Unsatisfactory past performance of the tenderer. 
26.10. Rates have been shown elsewhere than Commercial bid. 
26.11. Items with major changes / deviations in the specifications / standard /grade / 

packing / quality are offered in Technical bid. 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 13 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

26.12. Submission of misleading / contradictory / false statement or information and 
fabricated / invalid documents. 

26.13. Tenders not filled up properly. 
26.14. Non-submission of Turnover Certificate. 
26.15. Non submission of documents mentioned in List of Annexure wherever 

applicable. 
26.16. Non submission of document mentioned above in Technical supporting 

documents. 
 
 

  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 14 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

CHAPTER – IV 
 

GENERATION INFORMATION ABOUT THE TENDERER 
(Please submit this along with technical bid also) 

1.  Name of the Company  

2.  Postal Address  
 

 

Registered office in 
Ahmedabad / Gandhinagar  
 

 

3.  Telephone/Fax no.  
 

 

4.  e-mail address &  
URL  

 

5.  Type of Company  
Attach Proof of Company 
Registration along with a copy 
of the Partnership Deed/ 
Article of Association and 
Memorandum of 
Understanding ( page no.__ )  

Proprietorship/ Partnership/ Private Limited/ Public 
Limited  
 

6.  Name and designation of the 
representative of the 
Tenderer to whom all 
reference shall be made to 
expedite technical co-
ordination.  

 

7.  Amount and reference Tender 
Fee  

Amount INR: 
DD Number: 
Bank Name: 

8.  Amount and reference of the 
Earnest Money Deposit 
deposited.   

Amount INR: 
DD Number: 
Bank Name: 

9.  Financial capacity of the 
company/ firm  
Attach copies of I.T. Returns 
and Balance Sheets for last 3 
years duly certified by the 
Chartered Accountant.  

 

10.  Financial Year 2015-16 Gross Income INR: 
Turnover INR: 
 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 15 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

11.  Financial Year 2016-17  Gross Income INR: 
Turnover INR: 

12.  Financial Year 2017-18 
  

Gross Income INR: 
Turnover INR: 

13.  Details of Technical Staff / 
Professional Expertise 
available.  
Please furnish information as 
per Enclosed Annexure II.  

 

14.  Permanent Account Number 
(PAN) of the company (attach 
a copy)  

PAN Number: 
  
 

15.  Has the company/firm to pay 
arrear of income tax? If yes 
up to what amount.  
Attach a copy of the Latest 
Income Tax Return duly filed 
and endorsed by the Income 
Tax Dept.  

Attached Page Number: 
 
 

16.  GST & CST Number  
Valid Date : dd/mm/yyyy  
(A copy be enclosed)  

GST:  
Valid date (dd/mm/yyyy):  
 

17.  Reference of any other 
information attached by the 
company (give details of 
attachment)  
 

Attached Page Number:  
 

All relevant information to be filled in the given column. 

 

 

  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 16 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Annexure I 
Client Profile and Details of Assignments 

(Please submit this along with technical bid also) 

Name & 
Address of 
the Client  
 

Year  
 

Name of 
Site 

Order Value 
/Amount 
(Rs.)  
 

Copy of the Work 
Order/ Supporting 
document etc & 
photographs (to 
be attached)  

Attachment 
Page Number  
 

      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
Please fill up relevant details & submit documentary proof. 

 

Date:         Sign & Seal of the bidder 

 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 17 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Annexure II 
Details of the Manpower 

(Please submit this along with technical bid also) 

Name & 
Designation  
 

Qualification 
 

Experience 
 

Brief Resume 
 

Attachment Page 
No.  
 

     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
Please fill up relevant details & submit documentary proof. 

 

 

Date:         Sign & Seal of the bidder 

 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 18 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Annexure III 

Technical Specification 
(Please submit this along with technical bid also) 

Technical Specification for the proposed server 

Sr. 
No.  

Specifications  Meeting 
Requirement? 
(Yes/No) 

Specification for the 
proposed rack server 

1.  Make: Lenovo / HPE / Dell EMC / 
Cisco 

  

2.  Chassis: 1U or 2U Rack Mountable    
3.  CPU: CPU: 2*Intel® Xeon® Silver 

Processor 4110 (20M Cache, 2.1 
GHz) or higher. Minimum 8 core 
required 

  

4.  Motherboard: Intel® C600 Series 
Chipset or higher  

  

5.  Graphics: On Board  Graphics with 
16 MB RAM  

  

6.  Slots: Minimum three PCI-X/PCI-e 
slots   

  

7.  Memory: 32GB (2 x 16GB) DDR4 – 
expandable up to 64 GB 

  

8.  Bays: 8 Hot Plug hard disk bays    
9.  HDD:  

Operating System (OS): Minimum 
600 GB usable with RAID 1. OS will 
be provided by SAPMT but needs to 
be installed by SI. 
Data: Minimum 8 TB usable with 
RAID 5 (4 x 4 TB 10K RPM SAS) 

  

10.  RAID: We will need Hardware-based 
RAID controller with 2GB cache 
memory 

  

11.  Keyboard: Standard 104 keys USB 
based Keyboard 

  

12.  Mouse: Standard 2 Keys Optical USB 
scroll mouse 

  

13.  Networking Features: Embedded 4 * 
1Gbps ports or more  

  

14.  HBA Card: 1* 8Gbps Dual Port FC 
HBA with FC Patch cord (Single FC 

  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 19 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Card) 

15.  Ports: 3 USB ports (with Min 1 USB 
3.0 port),  
4 RJ-45 port,  
1 VGA or HDMI port to connect 
display 
1 Remote Management Port (TCP\IP 
based): (it is used for GUI interface 
to monitor & manage the server 
performance remotely.)  

  

16.  Management hardware: Integrated 
System Management Processor or 
Integrated BMC Controller  

  

17.  System Management Software: Pre-
failure alerts for processor, memory 
and hard disks, Unattended  and 
selectable remote boot and remote 
diagnostics, ECC with error 
reporting   

  

18.  DVD Drive: Slim Line DVD Writer 
(Internal / External through USB 
connectivity) 

  

19.  Rack rails: Rack rails needs to be 
supply along with server  

  

20.  Power Supply: Redundant Hot 
swappable  power supply   

  

21.  Certifications RoHS ,UL ,CE/FCC or 
equivalent third party certification 
from reputed Indian/foreign Agency, 
Linux Certification   

  

22.  Delivery Period: Complete solution 
must be completed in 4 – 6 weeks 
from the date of order. 

  

23.  Support: 3 years OEM 24X7 
comprehensive onsite warranty. 
(Proof for the warranty from OEM 
will be required) 

  

  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 20 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Annexure IV 

Price Bid 
(Please do NOT submit this with technical bid) 

Cost of the entire Rack Server on SITC basis including all inventory, required accessories, 
services, transport, delivery, and taxes. Supply/Delivery location for goods & services will be 
at SAPMT. 

Sr. 
No. 

Description Amount (INR) including 
taxes (Per Unit) 

1.  Cost of the entire Rack Server proposed including all 
material , required accessories, services and taxes 
with : 3 years OEM 24X7 comprehensive onsite 
warranty 
(Proof for the warranty from OEM will be required) 

 

2.  Cost of the entire Rack Server proposed including all 
material , required accessories, services and taxes 
with : 5 years OEM 24X7 comprehensive onsite 
warranty 
(Proof for the warranty from OEM will be required) 

 

   

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 21 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Annexure V 

 

 

 

DEVIATION SHEET 

 

 

Any deviations offered from the terms and conditions of the Offer should be clearly 
specified below in this sheet. If there are no deviations offered, it should be clearly 
mentioned on this page. 

 

 

 

 

Date:         Sign & Seal of the bidder 

 

 

 

  

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 22 of 23 



Tender for Providing 2 Rack Servers on SITC basis at SAPMT 

Annexure VI 

 

 

 

Not blacklisted certificate 

 

 

We hereby confirm and certify that we are NOT blacklisted by any Government / Public 
sector organisation. 

 

 

 

 

Date:         Sign & Seal of the bidder 

Place: 

 

 

 

 

 

Sabarmati Ashram Preservation and Memorial Trust Page 23 of 23 


	1. Instructions to Applicant
	2. Scope of the work & deliverables

