









































Microsoft Word - Tender


1  
 

  Board Of Revenue, Uttarakhand, 
Mussoorie Bypass, Ring Road Ladpur, 

Dehradun-248008 
 

Letter/Tender No. 4345 /IV-149/2017-18  Dated: 01-01-2019 

E-tender   

Nature of the Project 
E-tender Documents for Supply & Installation of 
“Servers and its related items” for Department of 
Stamp And Registration of Uttarakhand. 

Tendering Authority 
Commissioner cum Secretary,  
Board of Revenue Uttarakhand, Dehradun 

Date of Bid Publishing 01-01-2019, 05.00 PM 

Start Date of Bid Download/submission 02-01-2019, 10.00 AM 

Last date of Bid Download 23-01-2019, 01.00 PM 

Last Date & Time of Submission of Bid 23-01-2019, 05.00 PM 
Last Date & Time of Submission of Hard 
copy bid 

24-01-2019, 01.00 PM 

Technical Bid Opening Date & Time 24-01-2019, 03.00 PM 

Financial  Bid Opening Date & Time 25-01-2019, 11.00 AM 

Websites for downloading Bid Document https://uktenders.gov.in 

Non refundable Cost of the Tender 

Rs. 10,000.00+18%GST=11,800.00 is payable through 
Demand  Draft / Banker’s Pay Order from a 
Nationalized / Schedule Bank, drawn in favor of  
“Commissioner cum Secretary, Board of Revenue, 
Dehradun, Uttarakhand. ” payable at Dehradun. 

Earnest Money Deposit 

Rs.4,60,000-00 (Rs. Four Lakh Sixty Thousand  
Only) in the form of DD/FD/Bank Guarantee from a 
Nationalized/Scheduled bank in favor of 
“Commissioner cum Secretary, Board of Revenue, 
Dehradun, Uttarakhand. ” payable at Dehradun. 

Address for Submission of Bid in Hard 
Copy 

Commissioner cum Secretary, 
Board of Revenue, Uttarakhand,  
Mussorrie Bypass, Ring Road, Ladpur, 
Dehradun-248008 

Address for all communication & Bid 
Opening Venue 

Commissioner cum Secretary, 
Board of Revenue, Uttarakhand,  
Mussorrie Bypass, Ring Road, Ladpur, 
Dehradun-248008 
Website: www.revenue.uk.gov.in  
EMAIL: boardofrevenue-uk@gov.in  

Note : If any date mentioned above is declared as Holiday, that date will be shifted to next working day 
without any change in other parameters such as venue, etc. 

 
 
 



2  
 

 
TENDER DOCUMENT – “Servers and its related items ” for 

Department of Stamp And Registration of Uttarakhand. 
 

Letter/Tender No. 4345 /IV-149/2017-18  Dated: 01-01-2019 
 

E-tenders are invited for Supply and Installation of “Servers and its related items ” for 
sub registrar offices of Department of Stamp And Registration of Uttarakhand, in the state 
under the DILRMP Project. 

 

E-tenders are invited for the above mentioned items for sub registrar offices of 
Department of Stamp And Registration of Uttarakhand, in the state under the DILRMP Project 
as per the specification and terms & conditions listed in the enclosed Annexure. 
 

1. The e-tender are invited under two bid system. Technical bid as per eligibility criteria 
specified under clause 2 and the Financial bid containing rates and commercial terms to 
be submitted online on http://uktender.gov.in only. Financial bid of only those bidders 
will be opened who will be declared successful in technical bid. 
 

2. Board of Revenue Uttarakhand, PMU, DILRMP invites e-tenders from the Original 
Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) or its authorized dealer/s with tender specific 
authorization addressed to us to participate in this tender for supply. 

  
 

3. THE QUOTE FROM VENDORS OTHER THAN ABOVE WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.  
 
 

4. The necessary Tender Documents are attached in the form of Annexure as detailed 
below:  

 
 

I. ANNEXURE – ‘I ‘contains instructions to the vendors for the tender. The 
Terms & Conditions (Annexure I) is to be signed on each page by the 
authorized signatory of the company under the company seal and submit the 
filled-in ANNEXURE – I format (with enclosures, if any). 
 

II. ANNEXURE - ‘II’  is Technical bid document which will contain eligibility 
criteria for participation in the Tender. 

 
III. ANNEXURE - ‘III’ is financial bid document. Vender has to quote item wise 

rate of equipments of FOR destination basis inclusive of GST, transportation, 
transit insurance, installation etc. The Financial bid containing above item wise 
rates and commercial terms to be submitted online on http://uktender.gov.in 
only. 
 
 

IV. ANNEXURE – ‘IV’ is a composite format, which, besides detailing the technical 
specifications of the items, also provides space to indicate/ record your response in an 
unambiguous manner. The response / offer should be indicated with ‘Y’ for Yes or ‘N’ for 
No in the appropriate column. For any other supplementary information a separate sheet 
should be used. On completion, you should sign on each page under your company seal. 

 
 



3  
 

V. ANNEXURE – 'V' contains specimen of the Performance Bank Guarantee. 
 

5.  All the Annexure should be properly filled-in wherever necessary and to be submitted duly 
signed by the Authorized Signatory(ies) of the Company along with the Company Seal in 
all the pages. 

 
6. The Technical bids will be examined by technical evaluation committee which may call for 

clarifications/ additional information from the vendors which must be furnished to the 
committee in the time stipulated. The prices quoted should be F.O.R. destination inclusive 
of GST, transportation, transit insurance, loading-unloading, installation charges etc. 

 
7. To ensure uniformity at the time of evaluation and finalization of offers you should strictly 

follow the format & procedure indicated in the Annexure and also adhere strictly to the 
indicated configuration while submitting the offer. 
 

8. All technical bids should be accompanied by:  
 
I. A Pay order/demand Draft of  nationalized bank Rs. 10,000.00+18%GST=11,800.00 

favoring “Commissioner cum Secretary, Board of Revenue Uttarakhand” payable 
at Dehradun” towards cost of the tender documents.  

 
II. A DD/FD/Bank Guarantee from a Nationalized/Scheduled bank (not less than six 

months) of Rs. 4,60,000-00 (Rs. Four lakhs sixty thousand Only) in favoring of 
“Commissioner Cum Secretary, Board of Revenue Uttarakhand “ payable at 
Dehradun towards EMD. 

 
III. Technical bids not accompanied with the above Pay order/Demand Drafts/F.D.R are 

liable to be rejected.  
  

IV. Turnover : 
                   The bidder’s average yearly turnover for IT Hardware / IT related Hardware for the last  
                   three years  should be over Rs 4.5 crores each year (enclose CA certificate/ balance sheet  
                  for the same ) 

 
 V.  Standards : 

 The Goods supplied under this Contract shall confirm to the standards mentioned in 
the Technical Specifications, and, when no applicable standard is mentioned, to the 
authoritative standard appropriate to the Goods' country of origin and such standards 
shall be the latest issued by the concerned institution. 

  
           VI. Experience: 

The firm should have at least 03 years of experience of supplying IT hardware to 
Government of Uttarakhand  or Central Government offices working in 
Uttarakhand.  Including Semi Government Organization of Uttarakhand or Central 
Government. The TIN registration in Uttarakhand should be for more than 03 years. 
 

 
 
 



4  
 

 
 
VII. Eligibility Criteria: 

  
1. The eligibility criteria for the Server OEM are as under: 

 A company registered under company act 1956 

 Should have all the valid registration for all statutory requirements namely PAN, 

GST etc.  

 All the items should be from be one single OEM only.  

 Should be ISO Certified.    

    (Submit relevant documents for all above) 
  

2. The eligibility criteria for the Bidder are as under: 

 

 The bidder’s average yearly turnover for IT Hardware / IT related Hardware for 
the last  three years  should be over Rs 4.5 crores each year ( enclose CA 
certificate/  balance sheet for the same ) 

 In order to provide efficient after sales support it is mandatory that the bidder 

should have their presence (Working office with service center) in Uttarakhand.  

 The bidder should have Uttarakhand TIN No. for over 3 years (Please submit 

TIN Certificate) 

 The bidder should have received and executed IT Hardware / IT Related 

Hardware orders for Government organizations/PSUs based in Uttarakhand in 

the last 3 years as follows (order copies to be enclosed) : Either three orders of 

over Rs 1 crore each or five orders of over Rs 50 lacs each. 

 The bidder should submit notarized affidavit of no blacklisting by any State or 

Central Government Organization. 

 ( all relevant documents to be submitted ) 
  

9. The bidder has to submit original copies of EMD, Tender document fees and 
Technical Bid before 24-01-2019, till 1.00 PM, at Board of Revenue Uttarakhand, 
Dehradun. Otherwise bid will not be considered.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



5  
 

 
 
 

 
 
10. Exclusive Clauses For E-Tendering 

 
10.1. GUIDE LINES REGARDING PARTICIPATION IN E-Tendering: 

 
a. PORTAL REGISTRATION: The bidder/firms intending to participate in the 

bid is required to register in the portal using his/ her active personal/ official 
email id as his/ her Login id and attach his/ her valid digital signature 
certificate(DSC) to his/ her unique Login id. He/ She will enter relevant 
information as asked for about the bidder/ firms. This is a onetime activity for 
registering in the portal. 
 

b. LOGIN TO THE PORTAL: The bidder/ firms is required to type his/ her Log-
In id and password. The system will again ask to select DSC and confirm it with 
the password of DSC as a second stage authentication. For each Login, a user’s 
DSC will be validated against its date of validity and also against the 
Certification Revocation List (CRL) of respective CA stored in system database. 
The system checks the unique Login ID, password & DSC combination and 
authentication the login process for use of the portal. 

 
c. DOWNLOADING OF BID: The bidder can download the tender of his choice 

and save it in his system to undertake necessary preparatory work off-line and 
upload the complete tender at his convenience before the closing date and time of 
submission. 

 
d. PAYMENT OF EMD/ BID SECURITY AND COST OF BID DOCUMENTS: 

 

i. The bidder shall furnish, as part of his Bid, a Bid Security (Earnest Money 
Deposit) for the amount mentioned under NIT. The bidder shall scan all the 
written/ printed pages of the Bid Security (EMD) and upload the same in 
portable document format (PDF) to the system in designated place of the 
technical bid. Furnishing scanned copy of such documents is mandatory 
otherwise his/ her bid shall be declared as non responsive and will be 
rejected. 
 

ii. The fixed Deposit/ Bank Guarantee or any other form as mentioned in 
detailed NIT in respect of EMD/ Bid Security and the Bank Draft in respect 
of Cost of Tender are to be scanned and uploaded in PDF format along with 
the bid. 

 
iii. The bidder shall provide the cost of bid and the Bid security in sealed cover 

superscripting the name of the work/ Supply for which the instruments are 
intended and the Officer Inviting the Bid. 

 



6  
 

iv. The original FD’s & BD’s towards EMD & Tender cost respectively shall be 
physically produced before the Officer Inviting the Bid or the concerned 
authorized officer of the department by Registered Post/ Speed Post or any 
other delivery system up to last date and time of submission of bid. 

 
 
 

v. Officer Inviting the Tender or other concerned officer authorized to receive 
the original Bid Security/ EMD and Bid Cost shall not be responsible for any 
postal delay and/ or non receipt of the original copy of the Bid Security on or 
before specified date and time. Non submission of Bid Security and Bid Cost 
within the designated period will sufficient to declare the bid as 
nonresponsive and liable to rejection. 

 

 
10.2  SUBMISSION OF BID: 

 
a. The bidder shall carefully go through the tender condition and prepare the 

required documents accordingly. 
 
b. The Protected Bill of Quantities (BOQ) uploaded by Officer Inviting the Tender 

is the authentic BOQ. Any alteration/ deletion/ manipulation in BOQ shall lead 
to cancellation Bid. 

 
c. The Bidder shall upload the scanned copy/ copies of document in support of 

eligibility criteria and qualification information in prescribed format in PDF to 
the portal in the designated locations of Technical Bid. 

 
d. The Bidder shall write his name in the space provided in the specified location 

in the Protected Bill of Quantities (BOQ) published by the Officer Inviting 
Tender. The Bidder shall type rates in figure only in rate column of respective 
items without leaving any blank cell in the rate column in case of item rate 
tender and type percentage excess or less up to one decimal place only in case of 
percentage rate tender. 

 
e. The Bidder shall log on to the portal with his/ her DSC and move to the desired 

tender for uploading the documents in appropriate place one by one 
simultaneously checking the documents. 

 
(i) Bids cannot be submitted after due date and time. The Bids once 

submitted cannot be viewed, retrieve or corrected. The bidder should 
ensure the correctness of the bid prior to uploading and take printout 
of the system generated summary of submission to confirm successful 
uploading of bid. The bids cannot be opened even by the OIT/ Opener 
before the due date & time of opening. 
 

(ii) Each process in the e-Procurement is time stamped and the system 
detect the time of login of each user including the Bidder. 

 



7  
 

(iii) The bidder should ensure clarity/ legibility of the document updated 
by him to the portal. 
 

(iv) The system shall require all the mandatory forms and fields filled up 
by the bidder/ firms during the process of submission of the bid/ 
tender. 

 
(v) The bidder should check the system generated confirmation statement 

on the status of the submission. 
 

(vi) The bidder should upload sufficiently ahead of the bid closure time to 
avoid traffic rush and failure in the network. 

 
(vii) The Tender Inviting Officer is not responsible for any failure 

malfunction, or breakdown of the electronic system used during the e-
procurement process. 

 
(viii) The bidder is required to upload documents and Bill of Quantities 

duly filled in. It is not necessary on the part of the bidder to upload 
the bid documents (after signing) while uploading his bid. It is 
assumed that the bidder has referred all the documents upload by the 
Officer Inviting the Bid. 

 
(ix) Seeking any revision of rates or backing out of the bid claiming for 

not having referred to any or all the documents provided in the Bid by 
the Officer Inviting the Bid will be constructed as plea to disrupt the 
bidding process and in such cases the Bid Security shall be forfeited. 
 

(x) The bidder will not be able to submit his bid after expiry of the date & 
time of submission of Bid (server time). The date & time of Bid 
Submission shall remain unaltered even if the specified date of 
submission of bids declared as a holiday for the Officer Inviting the 
Bid. 
 

(xi) All Items in the tender document are to be bided. Evaluation will be 
based on rates on individual items quoted including Taxes.  

 
10.3  SECURITY OF BID SUBMISSION: 
 

a. All bid uploaded by the bidder to the portal will be encrypted. 
 

b. The encrypted bid can only be decrypted/ opened by the authorized openers 
after the due date & time. 

 
10.4  RESUBMISSION AND WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS: 
 

a. Resubmission of bid the bidders for any number of times before the final date 
and time of submission are allowed. 
 



8  
 

b. Resubmission of bid shall require uploading of all documents including price 
bid afresh. 
 

c. Bid submitted after the predefined times of receipt will not be considered, 
which is inbuilt in the system. 
 

d. The bidder should avoid submission of bid at the last moment to avoid system 
failure or malfunction of internet or traffic or power failure etc. 
 

e. The bidder can withdraw his bid before the closure date & time of receipt of 
the bid by uploading scanned copy of a letter addressing to the Officer 
Inviting Tender citing reasons for withdrawal. Bids once submitted not be 
allowed to withdraw after the closing date & time. 

 
10.5  OPENING OF THE BID: 
 

a. Bid opening date & time is specified during tender creation or can be extended 
through corrigendum. Bids cannot be opened before the specified date &time. 
 

b. All bid openers have to log on to the portal to decrypt the bid submitted by the 
bidders. 

 
c. The bidders and guest users can view the summary of opening of bids from 

any system. Bidders are not required to be present during the bid opening at 
the opening location if they so desire. 

 
d. In the event of the specified date of bid opening being declared a holiday for 

the Officer Inviting the Bid, the bids will be opened at the appointed time on 
the next working day. 

 
e. In case bids are invited for more than one package the order for opening of the 

“Bid” shall be that in which they appear in the “Invitation for Bid”. 
 

f. During bid opening the covers containing original financial instruments towards Cost of 
Bid Security in the form specified in the NIT/ ITT valid for the period stated in the bid, 
received after last date of receipt of bid and before opening of the bids shall be opened 
and declared. The OIT/Opener shall continue opening of other documents if he is 
satisfied about the appropriateness of the Cost of Bid and Bid Security. 

 
11-  EVALUATION OF BIDS: 
 

a. All the opened bids shall be downloaded and printed for taking up evaluation. The 
OIT/Openers shall on each page of the documents downloaded and furnish a certificate 
that the documents as available in the portal for the tender have been downloaded. 
 

b. The OIT/Evaluators shall take up evaluation of bids with respect to the qualification 
information and other information furnished subject to confirmation of the Bid Security, 
the issuing institutions. 

 



9  
 

c. After receipt of confirmation of the Bid Security, the bidder may be asked in writing to 
clarify on the document provided in the Technical Bid, if necessary, with respect to any 
doubts or illegible documents. The Officer Inviting Tender may ask for any other 
document of historical nature during Technical evaluation of the tender. Provided in all 
such cases, furnishing of any documents in no way alters the Bidder’s price Bid. Non 
submission of legible documents may render the bid nonresponsive. 

 

d. The bidders will respond in not more than seven days of issue of the clarification letter, 
failing which the bid of the bidder will be evaluated on its own merit. 

 

e. Technical evaluation of all bids shall be carried out as per information furnished by 
bidders. But evaluation of Bids does not exonerate bidders from checking their original 
documents at later date. If the bidder its found to have misled the evaluation through 
wrong information, action as per relevant clause of NIT/ITT shall be taken against the 
Bidder/firms. 

 

f. The OIT/Evaluators will evaluate bids and finalize list of responsive bidders. 
 

g. The Financial bids of the technically qualified bidders shall be opened on the due date of 
opening. The OIT/Openers shall log on to the system in sequence and open the financial 
bids 

 

i) The Financial Bid will be opened on the notified date & time in the presence of 
bidders or their authorized representative who wish to be present. 

 

ii) At the time of opening of “Financial Bid”, bidders whose technical bids were found 
responsive will be opened. 

 

iii) The qualified bidder’s name, bid prices, item wise rates, total amount of each item 
in case of item rate and percentage above or less in case of percentage rate tenders 
will be announced. 

 

iv) Procurement Officer-Openers shall sign on each page of the downloaded BOQ and 
the Comparative Statement and furnish a certificate to that respect. 

 

v) Bidder can witness principal activities and view the documents/summary reports for 
that particular work by logging on to the portal with the DSC from anywhere. 

 
 

Commissioner cum Secretary, 
Board or Revenue, Uttarakhand 

Dehradun 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



10  
 

ANNEXURE - I  
 

Supply and Installation of “Severs and its related items ” for sub registrar 
offices of Department of Stamp And Registration of Uttarakhand, in the state 

under the DILRMP Project  
Terms & Condition of the Tender 

1. GENERAL 
  

1.1  The response to the present tender will be submitted by way of two stage bidding 
process. The technical details with the relevant information/ documents/ acceptance 
of all terms and conditions strictly as described in this tender document should be 
submitted online.  

1.2 Tender should strictly conform to the specifications. Tenders not conforming to the 
specifications will be rejected summarily.  

1.3 Any incomplete or ambiguous terms/conditions/quotes will disqualify the offer.  

1.4 All Items in ANNEXURE – III BOQ, the L1 rate and L1 vendor will be decided 
on total Bid Value basis only.  

1.5 The Department reserves the right to accept/reject any or all tenders without 
assigning any reasons therefore.  

1.6 Any set of terms and conditions from the Vendors are not acceptable to the 
Department.  

1.7 The Department reserves the right to stop the tender process at any stage and go in 
for fresh tendering without assigning any reasons.        

1.8 The L1 rates finalized in the tender will be valid for 1 Year and L1 vendor is 
bound to execute the orders placed at L1 rates during the currency of the 
tender.  

1.9 The Department reserves the right to impose and recover penalty from the 
vendors who violate the terms & conditions of the tender including refusal to 
execute the order placed on them for any reasons.  

1.10 The vendor(s) who do not qualify in the technical bid will not be considered for 
financial bidding.  

Should you require any further clarification, please get in touch through E-Mail with the following 
officers of this Department within five days (till 06-01-2019, 05.00 PM) of tender notification date, 
after which no such communication will be entertained:  
 

STAFF OFFICER / PROJECT DIRECTOR,  
PMU, DILRMP 
Board of Revenue Uttarakhand, 
Ring Road, Ladpur, Dehradun. 
+91-94105-10500 
E-Mail: boardofrevenue-uk@gov.in 
 
 



11  
 

 2. INSTRUCTIONS TO THE VENDORS:  
 

1) NAME OF WORK: Supply and Installation of “Servers and its related items ” for sub 
registrar offices of Department of Stamp And Registration of Uttarakhand, in the state 
under the DILRMP Poject. 
 

2) Please read the terms & conditions governing the tender carefully.  
 

3) Please fill in the relevant information in the blanks provided.  
 

4) Please sign in full by the Authorized Signatory (ies) with Company Seal in all the 
relevant Annexure return the complete set in sealed cover.  

 

5) Please also note that:  
a) The Department reserves the right to cancel the tender without quoting any 

reason.  
 

b) No consideration will be given to a tenders received after the time stipulated 
above and no extension of time will be permitted for submission of tender.  

 

c) The vendor will submit his tender after carefully examining the document/ 
conditions and the items covered under the tender.  

 

d) Tenders not fulfilling any or all of the conditions prescribed or which are 
incomplete are liable to be rejected.  

 

e) No amount should be quoted as charges during warranty period or violation of 
these instructions would entail disqualification.  

 

f) All prices should be quoted F.O.R. destination (Office of Inspector General, 
Stamp and Registration Department of Uttarakhand or as per the order of 
Inspector General, Stamp and Registration Department of Uttarakhand) 
including GST, packing & forwarding, transportation, insurance, handling 
and installation etc., Tenders offering any discounts may be disqualified. 

  
g) During the validity period of tender quotes, any upward change in the exchange 

rate/excise duty and customs duty are to be borne by the vendor. In the event of 
any downward revision of levies/duties etc., the same should be passed on to the 
Department, notwithstanding what has been stated in the tender or in the Letter 
of Intent/Purchase Order.  

 

h) No price escalation adjustment or any other escalation will be payable.  
 

i) The vendor should obtain requisite road permit wherever applicable.   
 

j) Canvassing in connection with tenders is strictly prohibited and tenders 
submitted by vendors who resort to canvassing are liable to be rejected.  

 

k) Tenders received through e-tendering process will only be accepted. Tenders 
delivered manually/By post will be rejected at once. 

l) Unconditional confirmation from the lowest tender that they agree to supply the 
items covered under the tender at the finalized rate must be furnished by 5.00 
P.M. of the succeeding day on which commercial quotes are finalized. 

 
 

 



12  
 

3.  CONDITIONS GOVERNING THE TENDER:  
 

1. Signature: The authorized person(s) should sign the Tender Document and related Annexure 
only. A copy of the letter issued by competent authority authorizing the person(s) to sign on 
behalf of the company should be enclosed.  

 

2. Equipment: The vendor should Supply the equipment to Department and carry out their 
installation at SITE (as per Annexure-VI) as per the requirement of the Department. 

 
3. Installation: The Supply and Installation of “Servers and its related items” at the Department 

of Stamp And Registration of Uttarakhand, or as per the order of Inspector General, Stamp 
and Registration Department of Uttarakhand, which shall be referred to as SITE in this 
document. This would include installation of the all items, whether supplied by the vendor or 
provided by the Department.  

 
 

4.  Delivery:  
 

4.1. The equipment should be delivered within 8 -12  weeks from the date of placing the 
letter of Intent/Purchase order . The list of final location where goods are to be 
delivered across the State of Uttarakhand may vary, will be finalized at the time of 
placing the order but once formally issued with the order, it would not change . In 
case any vendor awarded the contract is unable to deliver the equipment by the 
stipulated delivery date, Department will charge a penalty of 0.5% of order value for 
every week of delay, subject to a maximum of 5% of the order value or will cancel 
the purchase order. The amount of penalty so calculated shall be deducted at the time 
of making payment. In the event of cancellation of the order, the vendor shall not be 
entitled to any compensation. Time shall be the essence of the contract.  

 

4.2. After the delivery of  all items mentioned in name of work, the installation needs to be 
completed in 6 weeks. The installation and testing should be done to the satisfaction of 
the Department. 

 

4.3 The Department reserves the full right to take any action as it deems fit in case the 
vendor does not make delivery by the stipulated delivery dates including invoking of 
the Performance Guarantee held with the Department. 

 

4.4 All items mentioned in name of work should be supplied in full, part shipment is 
not acceptable unless otherwise mentioned in the letter of intent / purchase order or 
with the prior permission of the Department. 

 

4.5 All items mentioned in name of work should be valid components of that brand. 
  
  

 

1. Quantities liable to vary: The quantities are liable to alteration by omission, deduction or 
addition. 

 
6. Vendor not to make any alteration in document: No alterations, which are made, by the 

vendor in the specifications or probable quantities accompanying this notice shall be 
recognized, and if any such alterations are made, the tender shall be invalid. Any tender, who 
purports to alter, vary or omit any of the conditions herein, is liable to be rejected.  

 
 



13  
 

7.  Vendor to gather all information for/bear cost for submitting tenders:  
 

a. The vendor must obtain for himself on his own responsibility and at his own expenses all 
the information necessary including risks, contingencies and other circumstances to 
enable him to prepare a proper tender and to enter into a contract with the Department.  

 

b. The vendor should also bear all the expenses in connection with the preparation and 
submission of his tender.  

 

c. The vendor whose tender is accepted shall not be entitled to make any claim for increase 
in the rates quoted and accepted. 

 
  
8. Tender to be complete, adequate and cover all taxes, contingent costs : - The tender must 

be complete in itself, properly worked out to cover all the vendor's obligations under the 
contract and all matters and things necessary for the proper completion of the work, and the 
rates quoted therein must be correct and sufficient to cover the vendor's costs, overheads and 
profits etc., completely for the individual items of work including cost for all necessary 
materials and labor, taxes, excise or any other such tax or duty levied by Govt., Central or 
State or Local Authority as on the date of submitting tenders, if and as applicable.  

 
9. Quoted rates not subject to escalation: The rates should not be subject to any escalation in 

prices of components, basic material, exchange rate, taxes, duties, railway/freight and the 
like, labor rates, octroi (where applicable) etc.  

 
10. The rate should be firm for a period of one Year from the date of opening of tender. 
 
11. Rights of Department:  
 

i) The Department does not bind itself to accept the lowest quote and reserves the right to 
reject any or all the quotes received, without assigning any reason therefore.  

 
ii)  While placing the Purchase Order, the Department further reserves the right to delete or 

reduce any item without assigning any reason therefore. 
  

12. Assigning Work: The work or any part of it should not be transferred, assigned or sub-let 
without the written consent of the Department. 

  
13. Other agencies at work: The vendor shall be required to co-operate and work in co-

ordination with and afford reasonable facilities for such other agencies/specialists as are/may 
be employed by the Department on other works/sub-works in connection with the 
project/scheme of which this work forms part and in this connection it shall be deemed that 
the vendor has prior to submitting the tender inspected the premises and taken all 
circumstances into consideration.  

 
14. Acceptance Testing (At the discretion of the Department):  
 

i) Inspection/Acceptance test may be carried out to the satisfaction of the Department at 
bidder premises before dispatch of the goods .  

 



14  
 

ii) The Inspection/Acceptance Test if required shall be designed by the department and 
conducted by the Department’s officials/or any other agency to their satisfaction. The 
vendor shall provide/extend necessary assistance to the Department in the conduct of 
the acceptance tests/inspection.  

 

15. Release of Shipment from the Check Post: It is to be clearly understood that the 
equipments and other accessories shipped from factory, will be got cleared from Check post 
by the vendor.  

 

16. Payment Terms: Payment schedule to the selected vendor will be as follows on the 
recommendation of Inspector General, Stamp & Registration, Uttarakhand :- 
S.No. Description % of Total Agreement Cost 

1 Delivery of all items mentioned in name of 
work 

90% 

2 After Installation 10% 
 
 

16.1 DOCUMENTS TO BE ENCLOSED: Invoice(s) reflecting taxes and duties, 
delivery challan duly acknowledged by the consignee, Installation Report covering all 
the items supplied and duly signed by the consignee office evidencing satisfactory 
installation of the items supplied etc., The Invoice and Delivery Challan should 
indicate the Part Numbers of the OEM. A copy of the Purchase Order should also to 
be submitted along with your claim. Any change in the parts other than those quoted 
in the tender is not acceptable and may lead to cancellation of order. 

  
17.  Transfer of Ownership: Transfer of ownership of the property shall be effective as soon as 

the equipment is delivered  after conducting acceptance tests if any  as specified in clause 14. 
  
18. Warranty: 
  

19.1. All the equipments supplied under this tender as per Annexure-V should  
comprehensive warranty provided by the OEM as mentioned in the technical 
specifications( except consumables ). 

  
19.2. Vendor shall provide to the Department as detailed above, free warranty services 

from the date of installation of equipment or 01 months beyond  from the date of 
delivery whichever is earlier, which shall repair/replacement of all items by the 
vendor .  

  
19.3. Repair and Maintenance Services: The Vendor shall arrange for services of 

qualified service engineers having sufficient knowledge of all items mentioned in 
name of work and accessories at the time of installation and during warranty period 
for trouble shooting, repair and replacement of all kits or parts and spare parts and to 
render such other support services, as may be necessary for satisfactory functioning 
of the delivered items  . No charges, fees, accommodation, boarding etc. shall be paid 
or provided by the Department to the service engineer or his assistants, if any. 
Warranty call logging mechanism with toll free nos / phone nos of OEM or the 
vendor shall be duly submitted to the Department for smooth functioning. 

 



15  
 

20. Subcontracting: The vendor shall not, without the prior written consent of 
Department, sub-contract or permit anyone other than the vendor's own personnel to 
perform any of the work, services or other performance required of the vendor.  

 
21.  Earnest Money Deposit: The vendor shall have to deposit with the Department an 

amount (Rs. 4,60,000-00) as Earnest Money Deposit along with the Technical Bid. 
The deposit so collected will be refunded to all the bidders except L1 Vendor upon 
finalization of the Tender. The deposit will be refunded to the L1 Vendor after supply 
of the goods. 

 

22. Performance Guarantee: The successful bidder shall furnish a performance 
guarantee at his own expense equal to 5% of the total contract value in Indian Rupees 
before the final payment of 10% is released. The performance guarantee shall be in 
the form of a Fixed Deposit/bank guarantee from a nationalized/schedule bank in 
favour of “Commissioner cum Secretary, Board of Revenue, Dehradun, 
Uttarakhand” valid upto the warranty period.    

 
  

 23. Others: 
  

23.1. The vendor shall warrant that the repair and for enhance service/ products 
offered for sale do not violate or infringe upon any patent, copyright, trade 
secret or other property right of any other person or other entity. The vendor 
shall indemnify Department from any claim, directly or indirectly resulting 
from or arising out of any breach or claimed breach of this warranty. 

 
23.2.  All disputes and differences of any kind whatsoever arising out of or in 

connection with this purchase order shall be referred to arbitration. The 
arbitrator may be appointed by both the parties or in case of disagreement; 
each party may appoint an arbitrator and the decision of the arbitrator(s) shall 
be final. Such arbitration shall be governed by the provisions of the Indian 
Arbitration Act.  

 
24 CONDITIONS GOVERNING REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE 

SERVICES (DURING WARRANTY PERIOD) 
  

24.1. The Vendor should undertake to provide the Department as per the warranty 
period free repair of all kits or parts and spare parts of the all mentioned item 
in name of work for the entire warranty period . The vendor / OEM shall keep 
spares of essential & critical kits or parts of the equipment , as may be 
required to ensure that related problems are solved at the earliest from the 
time of reporting of the call and to keep the down time minimal.  

 

24.2.  The vendor shall agree to maintain the all mentioned item in name of work in 
good working order and shall ensure that faults and failures intimated by 
Department as above are diagnosed within 48 hours and repaired within 96 
hrs.  

 
 



16  
 

25. CERTIFICATION AND AUTHORISATION 
  

25.1 The vendor should be an Original Equipment Manufacturer OR should be in a 
position to supply the EQUIPMENT manufactured by reputed and 
empanelled vendors only. The vendor should have manufacturing unit with 
ISO certifications. The tenders for the products without these certifications 
shall be rejected.  

  

25.2 In case any vendor (an authorized dealer) offers to supply the brands of the  
OEMs, the vendor shall produce a Tender Specific Authorization from the 
OEMs addressed to us , extending full guarantee and warranty as per our bid 
and the OEM/Industry standards for the offered products . Submission of the 
Authorization signed by the OEMs is compulsory, otherwise the bids will not 
be considered.  

 
25.3 The vendor shall undertake that all the components/parts shall be original new 

components/parts from the respective OEMs of the products and that no 
refurbished/ duplicate/second hand components/parts are being used or shall 
be used.  

 
 
 
 
 
 

ACCEPTED THE ABOVE CONDITIONS  
SIGNATURE OF THE VENDOR  



 

17  
 

ANNEXURE-II 
Technical Bid 

 
 

1. Name of Firm/OEM: …………………………………………………………………… 

-………………………………………......................................... 

 

2. Registered Address :……………………………………………………………………… 

………………………………………………………………….. 

3. Phone No:  ………………………………………………………………….. 

4. GST No:  ………………………………………………………………… 

5. PAN  No:  …………………………………………………………………………. 

6. Turnover for last 3 year  certified by Chartered Accountant / Balance Sheet for last 3 years 
......................................................................................................................... 
........................................................................................………………………………………
……………..………………………………………………………………………………… 
 

7. The bidder should submit notarized affidavit of no blacklisting by any State or Central 

Government Organization. 
…………………………………………………………………………………………………………
…………………………………… 

 
8. Details of Earnest Money Deposit:  

No:………………………………  Date: ……………………………... 

 Amount Rs: ………………………… 

 Name of Bank & Branch: …………………………………………………………….. 

   

 ………………………………………………………………………………………………. 

 

9. Details of Tender Document Cost: 

DD No : ……………………………  DD Date: ……………………………... 

 Amount Rs:  ……………………… 

Name of Bank & Branch: …………………………………………………………….. 

      



 

18  
 

 
 

10.  Previous Experiences:  IT Hardware / IT Related Hardware orders received and executed for 

Government organizations/ PSUs based in Uttarakhand in the last 3 years : Either three orders of 

over Rs 1 crore each or five orders of over Rs 50 lacs each (order copies to be enclosed) 
         

Sl. Government  Organization 
based in Uttarakhand  

Description of IT 
Hardware / IT Related 
Hardware 

Work Order No. & Date  
 

Amount in INR 

     

     

 
 

11. Other document as per tender Document. 

 

 

 

Signature of Bidder with Seal 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 

19  
 

ANNEXURE – III 
Financial Bid 

 
Format of Bill of Quantities (BOQ) 

BOQ for Supply of “ Servers and its related items”for Department of Stamp And Registration of 
Uttarakhand sub registrar offices in entire districts located in the state manner as specified in 
Specifications and Bidding documents. 
 

 
 
Note:  

 
1. All prices should be quoted F.O.R. destination including GST, packing & forwarding, 

transportation, insurance, handling and installation etc. 
 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 

20  
 

ANNEXURE-IV 
 

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION OF SUPPLY & INSTALLATION of  
“Servers and its related items” 

 

Sl.No. 
 

Item 
 

Quantity 
Technical compliance of all 

items 

Y N 

1 
Servers and its related items 
consisting of  

1  lot   

1 a Rack Servers  4   

1 b Rack mountable 24 ports switch 1   

1 c Rack 1   

1 d KVM        1   

1 e  SAN 80 TB         1   

1 f SAN Switch        2   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

21  
 



 

22  
 



 

23  
 



 

24  
 



 

25  
 



 

26  
 



 

27  
 

ANNEXURE – V 
 

PERFORMANCE BANK GUARANTEE (Specimen only)  
 

To,  
Commissioner cum Secretary, 
Board of Revenue, Uttarakhand 
Dehradun 
______________________  
 

This deed of guarantee made on this …... day……. 2019 by ............. Bank, having its registered/Head 
office at ........ and amongst all places a branch at .................... And wherever the context so requires includes 
its successors and assigns (hereinafter called the SURETY) for the favour of Board of Revenue Uttarakhand, 
Ring Road, Dehradun (hereinafter called Department) and wherever the context so requires include it 
successors and assigns. The Department is placing the order for purchase is hereby called as "purchaser".  
The Purchaser has placed an order no. ........... Dated the ........... (hereinafter called the 'Said Order') for 
SUPPLY & INSTALLATION of “Servers and its related items” for the total value of Rs.............. with M/s 
_____________ ., a company having its registered office at ............. and wherever the context so requires 
includes its successors and assigns (hereinafter called to or referred to as 'The Supplier').  

In terms of the order, the supplier is required to furnish the purchaser at his own cost a Performance 
Bank Guarantee for an amount of Rs. ________ (equal to the 5% of the above total value) for fulfilling the 
conditions oF guarantee against all manufacturing defects for a period upto _____ 36 months for all items, 
from the date of installation of  all items and acceptance thereof). The surety at the request of the supplier 
agreed to issue a Performance Bank Guarantee in terms of the order. Further the supplier and the purchaser 
have agreed that the supplier shall repair or replace free of cost, its parts and accessories found defective on 
account of bad workmanship or defective materials or inferior manufacture as mentioned in the warranty and 
guarantee clause.  

We .............. (Indicate the name of the Bank giving the guarantee) do hereby undertake to pay the 
amounts due and payable under this guarantee, without any demur merely on a demand from the purchaser 
stating that the amount claimed is due by way of loss or damage caused to or would be caused to or suffered 
by the purchaser by reason of breach by the supplier in any of the terms or conditions contained in the said 
order or by reason of the supplier's failure to perform the order. (ANY SUCH DEMAND MADE BY THE 
PURCHASER SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AS REGARDS THE AMOUNT DUE AND PAYABLE TO THE 
PURCHASER UNDER THIS GUARANTEE).  

We undertake to pay to the purchaser any money so demanded notwithstanding any dispute or 
disputes raised by the supplier in any suit or proceeding pending before any Court or Tribunal or Arbitration 
relating thereto, our liability under this present being absolute and unequivocal. The payment so made by us 
under this Guarantee shall be a valid discharge of our liability for payment there under and the supplier shall 
have no claim against us for making such payment.  

Page We .............. (Indicate the name of the Bank giving the guarantee) further agree with the 
purchaser that the purchaser shall have the fullest liberty without our consent and without affecting in any 
manner our obligations there under to vary any of the terms and conditions of the said order or to extend time 
of performance by the said supplier from time to time or to postpone for any time or from time to time any of 
the powers exercisable by the purchaser against the said supplier and to forbear or enforce any of the terms 
and conditions relating to the said order and we shall not be relieved from our liability by reason of any such 
variation, or extension being granted to the said supplier or for any forbearance, act or omission on the part of 
the purchaser or any indulgence by the purchaser to the said supplier or by any such matter or thing 
whatsoever which under the law relating to sureties, but for this provision, have effect of so relieving us.  
We shall not be discharged or released from the guarantee by any arrangement between the purchaser and the 
supplier with or without consent of the surety or by any alteration in the obligations of the parties or by any 
indulgence, forbearance whether as to payment time, performance or otherwise.  



 

28  
 

This guarantee shall not be affected by any change in the constitution of M/s ---------------- i.e. supplier by 
absorption with any other body or corporation or other and this guarantee will be available to or enforceable 
by such body or corporation also.  
Unless a claim under this guarantee is made by the purchaser against us on or before (date of expiry of 
guarantee), all the rights of the purchaser under this guarantee shall be forfeited and the bank shall be relieved 
and discharged from all liability under this guarantee.  
Notwithstanding anything contained herein:  

 a. Our liability under this Bank Guarantee shall not exceed Rs.----------- (Rupees .................).  
 b. This Bank Guarantee shall be valid upto--------- and  
 c. We are liable to pay the guaranteed amount or any part thereof under this Bank Guarantee only 

and only if you serve upon us a written claim or demand on or before--------------  
 
 
DATED AT _________ (PLACE) THIS ________ DAY OF--------.  
 
FULL SIGNATURE WITH SEAL OF THE BANK (SURETY)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

-XX-X-XX- 
 
 

 
 

 

 


