














































 

 

 
Page 1 

 
  

INDIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY GANDHINAGAR 
Ground Floor, Room No. 111, Academic Block no. 3,  

Palaj, Gandhinagar - 382 355.  Email id – purchase@iitgn.ac.in 
Website: www.iitgn.ac.in 

Date: 15th April, 2019 
Tender No.: IITGN/RES-201819-0029-DRDO/CE/LTAS/2019-20/003 
Last date: 6th May, 2019 on/before 05:00 PM 
 

SUB: Invitation of sealed tender (two bids) for Supply and Installation of “Rack Server” 
as per details and specifications shown in the Annexure-I at IIT Gandhinagar. 
 

Dear Sir/Madam, 
 

Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (IITGN) invites sealed tender (two bids) for Supply 
and Installation of “Rack Server” as per details and specifications shown in the Annexure-
I on the following terms & conditions: 
 

1. If the supplier/firm is manufacturer/authorized dealer/sole distributor of any 
item/equipment(s), the latest certificate to this effect should be attached. 
 

2. The tender documents are to be submitted in two parts as Technical Offer and Financial 
offer:  

a.) The “Technical offer” should include the detailed specifications of main item/equipment 
and its accessories. All items should be numbered as indicated in the Annexure-I. The 
bidder should submit ‘Technical Compliance Report’ as per Annexure-IV of the quoted 
item/equipment.   
 

b.) The financial offer should include the cost of main item/equipment and its accessories 
numbered as in Annexure-VII (A)/(B). If there is any separate cost for installation etc. 
that should be quoted separately. The total cost should be quoted in words as well as 
figures (typed or printed). Amendment should be avoided. Amendments, if any, should 
be duly initialled, failing which the offers are liable to be rejected. 
 

c.) The two parts of the offer should be placed in separate sealed envelopes clearly marked 
“Technical Offer” & “Financial Offer”. These two envelopes along with envelope for 
EMD and Tender Fee marked “Tender Fee & EMD” (total three envelopes) must be 
enclosed in one bigger envelope duly sealed and super scribed with tender number, name 
of the item/equipment (Supply and Installation of Rack Server) and tender due date 
must be forwarded to the undersigned so as to reach on or before the due date. 
 

d.) The Financial Offer must be mentioned in the prescribed format as per the                   
Annexure-VII only. If the financial offer is not in the prescribed format, it will be 
rejected. 
 

3. The vendor/bidder should download the tender document from the Institute’s website                       
(i.e. www.iitgn.ac.in/call for tenders/auction/Section: Materials Management Division). The 
vendor/bidder(s) are required to submit the entire tender document (Page 1 to 33) endorsed by 
seal & signature as acceptance of terms and conditions of this tender. Incomplete tenders, 
amendments and additions to tender after opening or late tenders are liable to be ignored and 
rejected. 
 

4. Email quotations is not acceptable.  
 

5. Quotations should be valid for 120 days from the tender due date. The quotation should clearly 
indicate the period of delivery, warranty terms etc. A minimum of ‘Five Year/Sixty Months 
Warranty’ is required from the date of installation and commissioning of item/equipment(s). 
 

6. Relevant literature pertaining to the items quoted with full specifications (and drawing, if any) 
should be sent along with the Quotations, wherever applicable.  

http://www.iitgn.ac.in/
http://www.iitgn.ac.in/


 

 

 
Page 2 

 
  

 

7. The Suppliers should submit copies of suitable documents in support of their reputation, 
credentials and past performance about the product/equipment which they have supplied to 
premier educational Institution(s). Without these documents the tender may be rejected by the 
Institute. 
 

8. The tender document must be accompanied by copy of PAN, Certificate of firm/company 
registration from concerned authorities, GST registration and service tax registration as 
applicable. 
 

9. The quotations should be given for the items in the same order as in the tender document. 
 

10. The required quantity of the cited item/equipment(s) is 2 (two) no. and may vary as per 
demand of the institute at the time of placing order. 
 

11. The Vendor must be able to provide the product/items within specified time period as 
prescribed in the Purchase Order, failing which the EMD will be forfeited. Furthermore on 
completion of the stipulated time period, Purchase Order will be cancelled and award will be 
given to another qualified bidder with the negotiated terms & conditions. 
 

12. The Institute prefers to import the cited item directly from Original Equipment Manufacturer 
(OEM) which shall be delivered by air/sea. The quoted price should be up to CIP, Ahmedabad 
and prefers the Insurance of the consignment shall be from the Original Equipment Manufacturer 
(OEM)’s warehouse to Institute’s Workshop. 
 

13. (A) For Import purchase* 
 

(I) In case of payment through Letter of Credit (LC), 90% (Ninety Percent) of the payment will 
be released after completion of the supply/delivery. The balance 10% (Ten Percent) of the 
payment will be released after satisfactory installation, commissioning of the item/equipment 
and submission of performance bank guarantee.  

(II) If the Payment is in the form of foreign currency draft/TT, the Institute may release the 
payment within 30 working days after supply/delivery, successful installation, 
commissioning of the item/equipment and submission of performance bank guarantee.  

 

 (B) For indigenous purchase  
 

‘Advance Payment’ is not allowed in any case. 100% payment will be released after completion 
of the supply/delivery, successful installation, commissioning and submission of performance 
bank guarantee. 
 

*In Case of payment through ‘Irrevocable Letter of Credit’ and/or ‘Foreign Currency 
Draft/TT’, the Bank Charges in India shall be borne by the Institute (i.e. IIT Gandhinagar) 
and outside India shall be borne by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)/supplier.  
 

Further, the bank details for establishing of ‘Irrevocable Letter of Credit’, ‘Foreign 
Currency Draft/TT’, RTGS/NEFT details for Indigeneous Supplies shall be provided on 
Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)/supplier’s letterhead duly signed and stamped 
by authorised person of the organization.  
 

No request for change in banking details will be entertained afterwards. However, request 
for change in banking details will be accepted only if the Original Equipment Manufacturer 
(OEM)/vendor/supplier provides an Indemnity Bond certified by the bank for the same. 
 

14. IIT Gandhinagar is eligible for concessional rate of GST i.e. @ 5% under the Notification No. 
45/2017, Central Tax (Rate), State Tax (Rate) and/or 47/2017, Integrated Tax (Rate), dated 
14.11.2017 subject to applicability of the cited clause of GST on items based on directives of 
DSIR and is also eligible for concessional rate of custom duty. Necessary certificate will be issued 
on demand. IIT Gandhinagar will make necessary arrangements for the clearance of imported 
goods at the Airport. Hence, the price should not include these charges.  



 

 

 
Page 3 

 
  

15. In the event of any dispute or difference(s) between the vendee IIT Gandhinagar and the 
vendor(s) arising out of non-supply of material or supplies not found according to the 
specifications or any other cause whatsoever relating to the supply or purchase order before or 
after the supply has been executed, shall be referred to the concerned authority of IIT Gandhinagar 
who may decide the matter himself or may appoint arbitrator(s) under the arbitration and 
conciliation Act 1996. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on both the parties. 
 

16. The place of arbitration and the language to be used in arbitral proceedings shall be decided 
by the arbitrator. 
 

17. All disputes shall be subject to Gandhinagar Jurisdiction only. 
 

18. IIT Gandhinagar reserves the rights to accept/reject any offer in full or in part or accept any 
offer other than the lowest offer without assigning any reason thereof. Any offer containing 
incorrect and incomplete information shall be liable for rejection. 
 

19. Any effort by a supplier to influence IITGN’s tender evaluation, tender comparison or 
contract/order award decisions may result in the rejection of the supplier's tender and forfeiture 
of the supplier's EMD. 
 
 

20. After opening of bids, information relating to the examination, clarification, evaluation 
and comparisons of bids and recommendations concerning the award of contract shall not be 
disclosed to bidders or other persons not officially concerned with such process. 

21. The tender/bid (i.e. technical offer) will be opened on 08.05.2019 at 05:00 PM at IIT 
Gandhinagar Premises. 
 

a.) The suppliers or their authorized representative may also be present during the opening 
of the Technical offer, if they desire so, at their own expenses. The required technical 
specifications of the item/equipment(s) is mentioned in Annexure-I.  
 

 

b.) Only those financial offers will be opened whose technical offers are found suitable by   
the expert panel/committee appointed for the concerned item/equipment and who   
provide/fulfill(s) all the technical specifications mentioned in the Annexure-I of the 
item/equipment. 

 

c.) No separate information shall be given to individual bidders. In incomparable situation,  
the committee may negotiate price with the technically and financially qualified bidder   
before awarding the offer. 
 

     d.)  The tender committee reserves its right to select or reject any or all of the 
 items/equipment mentioned above without assigning any reasons. 
 

22. In case the supplier requires any elucidation regarding the tender documents, they are 
requested to contact to the Assistant Registrar (MM) through e-mail, purchase@iitgn.ac.in on or 
before 04:00 PM, 29.04.2019. 
 

23 (a). A demand draft of Rs. 1,000/- (Rupees One Thousand Only) towards non-refundable 
tender fee and a demand draft of Rs. 46,000/- (Rupees Forty Six Thousand Only) towards 
refundable EMD from a nationalized bank/schedule bank in favor of “IIT Gandhinagar Project 
and Consultancy Account” payable at Gandhinagar placed in a separate envelope marked 
“Tender Fee & EMD” should accompany tender bid documents. Tender fee and EMD issued 
by co-operative banks are not accepted. Both the demand drafts should be valid for 90 days 
(Demand Drafts must be complied with CTS 2010 standards prescribed by Reserve Bank 
of India). Without the tender fee and EMD the bid will not be considered.  



 

 

 
Page 4 

 
  

(b). Valid NSIC and MSE Certificates will be accepted for relaxation of EMD and tender 
fee. Presently EMD/Tender Fee exemptions and price preference are applicable to only Micro 
and Small Industries. In view of the above, if the vendor will claim for EMD/Tender Fee 
exemptions, the vendor should meet all the criterias for Micro and Small Industries.  The vendor 
must have to submit the supporting documents like NSIC registration certificate, MSE 
registration certificate issued by competent government bodies to become eligible for the tender 
fee/EMD exemptions. The certificates of the vendor (NSIC/MSE) shall cover the items 
tendered to get EMD/Tender Fee exemptions. NSIC certificate shall be valid as on due 
date/extended due date of the tender. This is not applicable for non NSIC unit. 
 
Note – In case the bid is submitted as an Indian arm of a foreign bidder and the eligibility 
criteria conditions were met through foreign company, then the EMD exemption cannot be 
claimed under the MSME status of India arm/subsidiary. Thus a bidder who solely on its 
own, fulfills each eligibility criteria condition as per the tender terms and conditions and who are 
having MSE status, can claim EMD exemption/tender fee. 
 
(c). The EMD of the successful bidder will be returned without any interest after completion of 
the successful installation. The earnest money of unsuccessful bidders will be returned to them 
without any interest within thirty (30) working days after awarding the offer. For further 
query regarding the EMD, vendor/bidder(s) are required to contact with Assistant 
Registrar (MM) through e-mail, purchase@iitgn.ac.in. 

24. All tender documents should have to be forwarded through speed post or registered post, 
courier, hand delivery to the following address so as to reach the following address on/before 
05:00 PM, 06.05.2019. 
 
 
 

Assistant Registrar (MM) 
Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar, 
Ground Floor, Room No. 111, Academic Block no. 3,  
Palaj, Gandhinagar -382 355  
Email id – purchase@iitgn.ac.in 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 
Page 5 

 
  

 

 

Other Terms & Conditions: 

1. Pre – Qualification Criteria: 

a. Authorization: In continuation of clause 1, bidder(s) should be the manufacturer / authorized 
dealer. ‘Letter of Authorization’ from Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)/Principal on the 
same and specific to this tender should be enclosed. 
 

i) In this tender, either the Indian agent on behalf of the Principal/Original Equipment 
Manufacturer (OEM) or Principal / OEM itself can bid but both cannot bid simultaneously 
for the same item. 

 

ii)     If an Indian agent submits bid on behalf of the Principal/Original Equipment Manufacturer  
        (OEM), the same agent shall not submit a bid on behalf of another Principal/OEM in this  
         tender. 
 

b. Undertaking: An undertaking from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) is required 
stating that they would facilitate the bidder on a regular basis with technology/product updates 
and extend support for the warranty as well, as per Annexure-III. 

Note – The bid of the vendor/bidder which does not comply with pre-qualification criteria will 
not be processed/evaluated further. 

2. Performance Guarantee Bond: 

a. Performance Guarantee Bond is mandatory. 
 

b. Successful supplier/ firm should submit performance guarantee as prescribed and to be 
received in the office of Assistant Registrar, Materials Management Division before the date of 
commencement of supply or 30 days from the date of acceptance of the purchase order, whichever 
is earlier. The performance guarantee bond to be furnished in the form of Bank Guarantee as per 
given proforma of the tender documents, for an amount covering 10% of the value of quantity of 
material on landed cost basis. 

c. The Performance Guarantee should be established in favor of “IIT Gandhinagar Project and 
Consultancy Account” through any Nationalized Bank/Schedule Bank Situated at Gandhinagar 
with a clause to enforce the same on their local branch at Gandhinagar.  

d. Validity of the performance guarantee bond shall be for a period of entire warranty period from 
the date of issue of installation & commissioning. 

3. Delivery: The item/equipment should be delivered and installed within the period as specified 
in the purchase order and be ready for use within two weeks of delivery unless otherwise 
prescribed. 

4. Penalty: If the suppliers fails to deliver and place any or all the equipment or perform the 
service by the specified date, penalty at the rate of 1% per week of the total order value subject 
to the maximum of 10% of total order value will be deducted. 



 

 

 
Page 6 

 
  

5. Training: Suppliers need to provide adequate training at IIT Gandhinagar to the nominated 
person(s) of IIT Gandhinagar at their cost. IIT Gandhinagar will not bear any training or living 
expenditure in this regard. The Supplier should arrange for regular visit to the IITGN campus by 
its technical team and assist in maintenance of the item/equipment within warranty period. 
Assistance limited to locking companies with manufacturer will not be considered sufficient. 

6. Installation & Warranty Declaration: Suppliers must give the comprehensive onsite 
warranty as required from the date of successful installation of item/equipment against any 
manufacturing defects. In the installation report the model number of instrument and all spares 
parts/accessories numbers should be in the line of purchase order and suppliers are required to 
submit the warranty certificate (as per Annexure-VI).  If any item covered under warranty fails, 
the same shall be replaced free of cost including all the applicable charges (shipping cost both 
ways). Installation must be done within stipulated time period from the date of delivery of 
the item/equipment as specified in the purchase order. 

Any deviation in the material and the specifications from the accepted terms may liable to be 
rejected and the suppliers need to supply all the goods in the specified form to the satisfaction / 
specifications specified in the Purchase order and demonstrate at the their own cost.                                                                                                                                                                                             

                                                                                   
                                                                                   

 

                                                                                                  
                   Assistant Registrar (MM) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 
Page 7 

 
  

Form A 

PARTICULARS TO BE FILLED BY THE BIDDER 

1. Name of the Supplier: 

2. Complete Address of the Supplier: 

3. Availability for demonstration of instruments at IIT Gandhinagar: Yes / No [Please √] 

4. Cost of the Tender enclosed: Yes/No [Please √] If yes, 

a.) Name of the Bank________________ 
 

b.) Amount  in   (₹)______________ 
 

c.) Demand Draft No. ________________ 

 
5. Earnest Money Deposit enclosed: Yes / No [Please √] if Yes, 

a.) Name of the Bank_______________ 
 

b.) Amount in (₹) ______________ 

 
c.) Demand Draft No. ______________ 

 
d.) Last Validity date of the enclosed DD _________ 

 
6. Communication details of the concerned contact person to whom all references shall be made 
regarding this tender enquiry. [NOTE: Any changes after submission of Tender documents kindly 
update IIT Gandhinagar] 

a.) Full Name  : 
 

b.) Complete Postal Address: 
 

c.) Telephone No.: 
 

d.) Fax No.: 
 

e.) Mobile No.: 
 

f.) E-mail: 
 

g.) Website Address: 
 

Note: - Demand Drafts must be complied with CTS 2010 standards prescribed by Reserve 
Bank of India. 



 

 

 
Page 8 

 
  

Form B 

 
PARTICULARS FOR REFUND OF EMD TO SUCCESSFUL/UNSUCESSFUL BIDDER 

 

RTGS/National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT) Mandate Form 

 

1 Name of the Bidder  
2 Permanent Account No (PAN)  

            3 Particulars of Bank Account  
a) Name of the Bank  
b) Name of the Branch  
c) Branch Code  
d) Address  
e) City Name  
f) Telephone No  
g) NEFT/IFSC Code  
h) RTGS Code  
i) 9 Digit MICR Code appearing on the cheque book  
j) Type of Account  
k) Account No.  

4 Email id of the Bidder  
 

Note: - Please attach original cancelled cheque along with the RTGS/National Electronic Fund 

Transfer (NEFT) Mandate Form.  

 

 
 
 

 

 

 



 

 

 
Page 9 

 
  

Form C 
Checklist for Supply and Installation of “Rack Server ” 

Checklist – Tender Fee & EMD 
Sr. 
No. 

Particulars Documents to be attached 
wherever applicable  

(Please ‘’) 
Yes No 

1. Demand Draft of Rs. 1,000/- (Rupees One Thousand Only) towards non-
refundable tender fee is enclosed. **Demand Drafts must be complied with 
CTS 2010 standards prescribed by Reserve Bank of India 

  
 

2. Demand Draft of Rs. 46,000/- (Rupees Forty Six Thousand Only) towards 
refundable EMD is enclosed. **Demand Drafts must be complied with 
CTS 2010 standards prescribed by Reserve Bank of India 

  

3. Envelope is marked as “Tender Fee and EMD”   
Checklist – Technical Offer 

Sr. 
No. 

Particulars Documents to be attached 
wherever applicable  

(Please ‘’) 
Yes No 

1. Original/Endorsed documents attached indicated in the tender document   i. 
‘Letter of Authorization’ from Original Equipment Manufacturer 
(OEM)/Principal on the same and specific to this tender.  ii. Copy of PAN, 
Certificate of firm/company registration, GST Registration (Sales tax) and 
Service tax registration as applicable.  iii. Relevant literature pertaining to the 
items quoted with full technical specifications etc. iv. Relevant document 
related to the experience to supply the same item/equipment to the 
Institutions/organizations 

  
 

2. Total no. of pages of the technical offer   
3. Whether endorse tender document is attached as per  the clause 3, Page No. 1   
4. Technical Compliance Report as per Annexure-II   
5. Bank details for establishing of ‘Irrevocable Letter of Credit’, ‘Foreign 

Currency Draft/TT’, RTGS/NEFT details for Indigeneous Supplies shall be 
provided on Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)/supplier’s letterhead 
duly signed and stamped by authorised person of the organization 

  

6. Submission of Undertaking (refer Annexure-III) and Warranty Declaration 
(refer Annexure-IV) 

  

7. The tender acceptance letter as per Annexure-VIII.   
8. Duly filled Form – A & Form –B along with Cancelled Cheque   
9. Envelope is marked as “Technical Offer”   

Checklist – Financial Offer 
Sr. 
No. 

Particulars Documents to be attached 
wherever applicable  

(Please ‘’) 
Yes No 

1. Financial Offer of the item/equipment as per proforma available as 
Annexure-V (A or B as applicable) 

  
 

2. Total no. of pages of the financial offer   
3. Envelope is marked as “Financial Offer”   

Checklist – Master Envelope 
Sr. 
No. 

Particulars Documents to be attached 
wherever applicable  

(Please ‘’) 
Yes No 

1. Master envelope containing Envelopes of “Technical Offer”, “Financial 
Offer” and “Tender Fee and EMD” are super scribed with Tender Number, 
Name of item/equipment and Tender Due Date 

  
 

 



 

 

 
Page 10 

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

PROFORMA FOR PERFORMANCE GUARANTEE BOND 

(To be typed on Non-judicial stamp paper of the value of Indian Rupees of Two Hundred) (TO BE 
ESTABLISHED THROUGH ANY OF THE NATIONALISED BANKS (WHETHER SITUATED 
AT GANDHINAGAR OR OUTSTATION) WITH A CLAUSE TO ENFORCE THE SAME ON 
THEIR LOCAL BRANCH AT GANDHINAGAR. BONDS ISSUED BY CO-OPERATIVE BANKS 
ARE NOT ACCEPTED.) 

 

To, 
Assistant Registrar (MM), 
Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar 
Palaj, Gandhinagar – 382 355 
Gujarat, India 
 
 

LETTER OF GUARANTEE 

WHEREAS Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (Buyer) have invited Tenders vide Tender 
No............................... Dt.............................. for purchase of ....................................................... AND 
WHEREAS the said tender document requires the supplier/firm (seller) whose tender is accepted for 
the supply of item/equipment, etc. in response thereto shall establish an irrevocable Performance 
Guarantee Bond in favor of “IIT Gandhinagar Project & Consultancy Account” in the form of 
Bank Guarantee for Rs................................ [10% (ten percent) of the purchase value] which will 
be valid for entire warranty period (up to date …………….) from the date of installation, the said 
Performance Guarantee Bond is to be submitted within 30 (Thirty) days from the date of successful 
installation. On receiving the clear Performance Guarantee Bond, payment will be processed. 

 

NOW THIS BANK HEREBY GUARANTEES that in the event of the said supplier/firm (seller) 
failing to abide by any of the conditions referred to in tender document / purchase order / performance 
of the item/equipment etc. this Bank shall pay to Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar on 
demand and without protest or demur Rs ........................ (Rupees......................................).  

 

This Bank further agrees that the decision of Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (Buyer) as 
to whether the said supplier/firm (Seller) has committed a breach of any of the conditions referred in 
tender document / purchase order shall be final and binding. 



 

 

 
Page 11 

 
  

 

We,.................................................. (name of the Bank & branch) hereby further agree that the 
Guarantee herein contained shall not be affected by any change in the constitution of the supplier/firm 
(Seller) and/ or Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar (Buyer). 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein: 

 

a. Our liability under this Bank Guarantee shall not exceed Rs............................................... 

(Indian Rupees ..................................... only). 

 

b. This Bank Guarantee shall be valid up to ..........................(date) and 
 
c. We are liable to pay the guaranteed amount or any part thereof under this bank guarantee only and 
only if IIT Gandhinagar serve upon us a written claim or demand on or before.......................... (date). 

This Bank further agrees that the claims if any, against this Bank Guarantee shall be enforceable at 
our branch office at ........................................ situated at.............................. 

…………………………………………………………………………………………………………
…………………………………………………………………………………………………………
…   

                                                                                               (Address of local branch). 

Yours truly, 

 

Signature and seal of the guarantor: 

 

Name of the Bank: 

 

Complete Postal Address: 

 

Date: 

 
 
 
 
 



 

 

 
Page 12 

 
  

Annexure-I 

Name of the item/equipment: Rack Servers with Comprehensive 5 years warranty 

Required Quantity and Technical Specifications of Rack Servers with Comprehensive 5 
years warranty: - 

The following are the minimum requirements. Anything not meeting the minimum 
requirement will be counted as a deviation. 

1) Rack Servers (Compute nodes)                  
Required Quantity – 2 Nos. 

● 2 x Intel® Xeon® Gold 6130 processor (16 Cores, 2.10 GHz, L3 Cache: 22 MB,10.4 
GT/s) 

● Intel®  chipset family or matching the processor as proposed 
● 192GB DDR4 Registered ECC in a balanced configuration to achieve maximum 

performance level in benchmark ; support upto 24 dimm slots needed 
● 1 x HDD SAS 6G 1TB 10K Hot Plug disk (Hot-swap HDD Bays); Minimum 4 disk bays 

should be available 
● On board/Add-on Raid controller supporting - RAID Levels  0, 1 
● Integrated Remote management controller port IPMI 2.0 compliant 1Gbps. should support 

graphical console redirection and remote media redirection. OEM Server Management 
Suite, The server management suite should have power management capability with view 
of historical data (6 months data). 
Remote KVM Licence and server management licence if applicable should be provided 
with support for the entire warranty period 

● Graphics : Standard onboard 
● Mellanox 1 port 100Gbps Mellanox FDR InfiniBand; It is implied that all IB cables 

(within 1-2 meter) will be provided by bidder. 
● Dual Intel® Gigabit (10/100/1000Mbps) Ethernet onboard; It is implied that all Cat6 

cables (within 1-2 meter) will be provided by the bidder. 
● Standard with 4 PCIe 3.0 slots, at least 3 PCIe 3.0 x16 slots  
● Many USB 2.0 or 3.0(preferred),1 x VGA or equivalent, 2 x RJ45 1 Gig LAN ports, 1 x 

RJ45 Management Port or IMPI port 
● Rack-mountable with mounting Rails  
● Redundant hot swap Power Supply modules. It is implied that all power cables (C13/C14 

type within 1-2 meter) will by provided by bidder. 
 

2) Software Support for Rack Servers: (compute nodes) 

● Should be compatible with CentOS-6.7 stable 64-bit versions. The bidder shall be 
responsible for providing support to IITGN on CentOS. 

● Should support the execution of standard public and commercial softwares such as 
CUDA, ANSYS, Gaussian, VASP, Star-CCM+, Comsol, Matlab, Abaqus, NAMD, 



 

 

 
Page 13 

 
  

Machine Learning and AI Tools, Gromacs, Lammps etc in a parallel environment. The 
installation of all these software will be under the scope of the bidder. 

● Should support Intel suite of compilers including FORTRAN, C, C++, MPI, MKL, 
MVAPICH2, OPEN-MPI, compatible for cluster environment 

● Should support job schedulers SLURM 
● Well supported and documented Open Source Cluster Management tool (Rocks), or 

equivalent 
 

3) Warranty:  

● Comprehensive 5 years warranty (including onsite/parts/labor) 
● The system hardware should be recovered within two business days. 
● The warranty shall include advanced replacement for all 5 years (Replacement part should 

be provided before taking away the faulty part).  
● Software licence and server management software should also be covered for 5 years; any 

new addition of the software in the list will also come under the scope of work of the 
bidder in terms of installation, support and troubleshoot. 

 

Service Level Agreement (SLA) Requirement: 

Although 24x7 support is preferred, the minimum SLA requirements are given below. 

● Priority 1 Call: System is completely down and business is severely impacted, that is the 
cluster is unusable. (covered on Saturday & Sunday & Holidays as well)  

● Priority 2 Call: System is degraded with less impact on business.   
 

 Classification of Issue Category Response Time Resolution Time 

1 Cluster is down and business 
is impacted. (covered on 
Saturday & Sunday & 
Holidays), that is the cluster is 
unusable. 

Software, 

Network 

And 

Hardware 

Within  2 hours after 
the lodge of the ticket 
with the bidder (for all 
cases - 
hardware,software, 
network) 

The ticket or docket 
number should be 
provided in email. 

2 days (inclusive of working and non-
working and holidays). Engineers 
must visit for any change in original 
spare parts. 

2 System  is degraded with less 
impact on business.  

4 days(inclusive of working and non 
working and holidays)  either in 
person or remotely. 

 Support of SLA from the OEM; After 7 days of no resolution, the OEM will be involved / held responsible. The OEM is likely 
to get disbarred from IITGN if the issue is not resolved within 7 days.    

    



 

 

 
Page 14 

 
  

The bidder can provide their own SLA matrix in a similar format in case of any deviations from 
the above requirements. It is to be noted that the better SLA proposals from the bidder will not 
be counted as the deviation from the criteria given. 
 

Escalation Matrix 

The bidder must provide the escalation matrix. 
 

Generic Instruction: 

1. Commercial bids must be submitted in USD/INR format only. 
2. OEM should have registered support office in minimum 3 locations across pan India and 

the service tax registration number has to be provided as proof.  
3. OEM should be in existence in India for minimum past 10 Years. Please provide the 

certificate of incorporation along with corporate identity number. 
4. OEM should have the following ISO certification 9001; 14401; 27001 (copies of all 3 

certificates are to be submitted as a part of the technical bid) 
5. All parts including RAM, Graphic Cards & HDD to be supplied by OEM, should be under 

warranty of OEM. Part Number will be checked with the OEM after supply & if necessary 
a certificate has to be furnished on OEM letterhead. Along with the MAF, OEM should 
give an undertaking in its ink-signed letterhead that the parts supplied are genuine and 
they have not used any refurbished parts.  

6. All the software being provided by the bidder must have support for upgraded, updates 
and patches during the comprehensive warranty period. 

7. Server and Storage should be from the same OEM only. Any parts that are changed during 
the warranty period must be from the same OEM. 

8. Bidder must have at least two entries in India Top supercomputer list published in July 
2018. Supporting documents must be provided along with the technical bid. 
(http://topsc.cdacb.in/jsps/july2018/index.html) 

9. HPC Compute Hardware OEM whose product has been quoted should have at least 10 
entries in each list published online for worldwide Top 500 supercomputer released in 
June 2018 (https://www.top500.org/lists/2018/06/). 

10. The bidder must not be blacklisted by C-DAC or any other Educational / R&D /Govt. 
Organizations as on date of submission. 

11. All the pages of this Tender (including Annexures I, II, III and IV)  must be signed and 
stamped, as a token of acceptance, by the bidder, else the bid will be summarily rejected. 

12. The bidder must provide a list of employees working in their organization indicating with 
their qualifications and experience serving in the department of Rack Based Servers only. 
The qualifications and experience demonstrating the expertise to maintain Rack Based 
Servers must be clearly indicated. 

13. The agency shall provide a complaint resolution portal or a central email address and 
phone number to lodge the complaints and thereafter issue complaint number. 

14. The bidders cannot subcontract or outsource the task for installation, commissioning and 
support during the warranty period. 

http://topsc.cdacb.in/jsps/july2018/index.html


 

 

 
Page 15 

 
  

15. Detailed solution diagram including approximate power, cooling required for the 
proposed solution must be indicated. The details of make and model of each item quoted 
must be indicated clearly and printed datasheets catalog, literature published by OEM 
must be submitted along with the technical bid. Test certificates from the OEM (wherever 
applicable) must be submitted along with the technical bid. 

16. The quantity against each item mentioned in this tender may vary during actual placing 
of the Purchase Order. In such case of quantity variation, no change in the quoted unit 
price will be allowed. 

17. Quotations must be valid for 120 days from the date of submission of bid. 
18. The entire server should be factory integrated with all parts bearing OEM part codes. No 

assembly at the site will be permitted. BoM with OEM part codes should be submitted 
along with the technical bid. 

19. Print of technical presentation should not be submitted along with the Technical Bid. 
20. Once all the equipments are received in good condition, the installation of the cluster must 

start without any delay from the bidder’s end.  
21. A deadline must be submitted along with the technical bid setting appropriate milestones 

of commissioning of the cluster.  
22. If the required SLA is not met then the appropriate penalty will be charged as noted in the 

Clause Penalty. In case there is any delay from IITGN then no penalty will be applied. 
23. IITGN reserves the right to cancel the tendering process, if needed, without issuing any 

further notice or assigning any reason whatsoever. 
24. Any interim correspondence pertaining to the tender and/or the Annexure-I, II, III and IV 

must be submitted to purchase@iitgn.ac.in only. 
Technical Instruction: 

1. The 2 (two) new rack servers (compute nodes) will be integrated with the existing master 
node (as a part of our in-house HPC cluster) of Fujitsu make with Intel Xeon and 48 GB 
RAM and SLURM as a scheduler. The master or head node is mounted with usable 26TB 
of home, opt and scratch partitions from the Fujitsu make SAN Storage box using 
multipathing and having gluster file system. A separate queueing system must be made in 
order to run jobs using the batch manager SLURM by the bidder. The bidder will be 
responsible to integrate the new with existing Parallel File System (GlusterFS) and HPC 
cluster seamlessly (in hardware, software, network etc). 

2. The new nodes must be integrated with the existing network architecture with respect to 
Interconnects (Ethernet and Infiniband FDR). For further details on the HPC cluster, 
please visit http://iitgn.ac.in/hpc/vega.html 

3. CentOS-6.7, MPI libraries and routines in order to run jobs, must be installed on the new 
nodes by the bidder. 

4. Performance Benchmarking (as given in Annexure-III) needs to be executed on hardware 
architecture that is proposed by the bidder and the results must be submitted as part of the 
technical bid in the form of a CD/DVD/Pendrive. These benchmarking results (in text 
readable format) will be used subsequently, to verify the performance of the cluster after 
installation. The technical bids which do not provide the benchmarking results in the form 
of a CD/DVD/Pendrive and as outlined above, will be summarily rejected. 



 

 

 
Page 16 

 
  

5. The bidder would be responsible to provide remote and physical support to the 2 new 
nodes, whenever needed onsite, listed below (not limited to) 

● OS Support  
● OS Kernel upgradation (meaning kernel release, major and minor version 

upgradation/downgradation)  
● OS troubleshooting  
● Infiniband support  
● Re-Installations of nodes in the event of OS corruption or similar incidents  

  
● Patch deployment    
● Compilers & Libraries implementation support    
● Application (open source and commercial) installation support    
● Scheduler Support   
● MPI installation & troubleshooting support    

Note: IITGN will provide media and licenses for commercial software (excluding Intel 
License software version 2018). 

■ Regular Health checkups of Cluster, including upgradation of drivers, and 
application of firmware and security patches.    

■ Patch updates on requirement basis     
■ Problem identification on all server side components   

   
● Keep the uptime for the servers at 99.9%; adequate numbers of motherboards, 

Memory module, Hard-Disk Drive, SMPS, Infiniband card and cables (FDR), 
C13/C14 Power cables, Cat6 Cables, CMOS battery; only original spare parts 
must be used. 
 

Penalty:  

● During the warranty and support period, penalty would be imposed for not meeting 
the SLA, like if any ticket is found to be unresolved after the stipulated SLA period 
is passed; and if 2(two) such incidents happen in a quarter after project sign-off,  
then 0.5% of the security deposit will be deducted. 

● In case 5(five) penalties in lieu of breach of SLA has been imposed during the 5 
years support and maintenance period, then it would be considered as a severe 
non-performance from the bidder’s end and IITGN will have the sole discretion to 
further decide for increase in the amount of penalty to be deducted from security 
deposit or whether the entire deposit will be completely forfeited. 
 

Quote must have a technical compliance report as prescribed in Annexure-I 

  



 

 

 
Page 17 

 
  

Annexure-II 

 

Technical & Financial Evaluation Criteria for the Supply of “Rack Server with 
comprehensive 5 years warranty” 

 

Bids will be evaluated on a scale of 100. Technical offer will have a maximum score of 50 and 
financial offer a maximum score of 50. The bidders will be called for a presentation, as part of 
the technical bid assessment. The bidder must score a minimum of 45 points out of 70 (Bidder 
Evaluation + Technical Evaluation) and a minimum of 15 points out of 30 in Presentation 
Evaluation to qualify technically. The financial bids, for the bidders who do not qualify 
technically will not be opened and therefore, will not be considered as a part of the financial bid 
evaluation. The final award will be based on 50% weightage on technical bid evaluation (bidder 
+ technical + presentation evaluation) and 50% weightage on financial bid evaluation. The 
financial score (FS) of other proposals will be determined using the formula: FS = 50xFP/F, in 
which FP is the lowest financial bid, and F is the financial bid of the particular vendor. Scores 
obtained on financial offer (out of 50) will be added to scores obtained on technical offer (out of 
50) to get a consolidated score (out of 100). Bidder with the highest consolidated score will be 
selected/awarded. If there is a tie in the overall score, the vendor with the higher score on the 
financial offer will be selected/awarded. 

Guidelines for technical bid evaluation: 

1. The Technical Bid Evaluation comprises of three parts: 
1.1 Bidder  Evaluation- 30 points 
1.2 Technical Evaluation - 40 points 
1.3 Presentation Evaluation - 30 points 

2. All documents towards the Bidder evaluation, technical evaluation and Presentation 
evaluation needs to the submitted along with the tender. The list of submitted documents 
towards evaluation must be clearly mentioned in the Bidder, Technical, presentation 
evaluation sheet and submitted along with the tender to qualify. It must be noted that 
physical print of technical presentation should not be submitted along with the Technical 
Bid. 

3. The technical compliance sheet (Annexure –IV) needs to be duly filled and deviations (if 
any) must be mentioned clearly.   

4. All benchmark reports/results and input,output files must also be submitted on 
CD/DVD/Pendrive and must contain files in text searchable format.  

5. Further discussions related to the awarded scores by the committee will not be entertained. 
Enclosures: 

● Bidder, Technical, Presentation Evaluation sheet 
● The Technical compliance sheet  

 



 

 

 
Page 18 

 
  

 

 

 

Bidder Evaluation - Total 30 Points   

SL
No
  

Particulars Points System Max Points Points Awarded 

(not to be filled by 
the bidder) 

Supporting 
Documents 
Attached 

1 

 
  

Number of years the bidder has been 
engaged in rack-based servers 
 supply, installation, support and 
maintenance (it will be counted from the 
date of supplied PO in the technical bid, 
irrespective of private or public sectors). 
PO must be attached as a proof of 
evidence. 

>10yrs | 6 points 

5 to <=10yrs | 5 points 

3 to <5yrs | 4 points 

1 to <3yrs | 2 point 

<1yr | 1 point  

 6  

   

   

 
 
  

 
  

2 

 
  

Number of rack-based servers  
installations and supply executed by the 
bidder (as on date of submission including 
public and private sectors). PO must be 
attached as a proof of evidence. 

>10 | 6 points 

8-10 | 5 points 

5-7 | 4 points 

3-4 | 2 points 

1-2 | 1 point 

0 | 0 point  

6 

     

3 

 
  

Cumulative turnover of bidder in last three 
financial years from Hardware supply, 
maintenance and Support service activities 
of rack based HPC servers only. 

Year 2015-2016 

Year 2016-2017 

Year 2017-2018 

Supporting documentary evidence must be 
provided. 

>500Cr | 6 points 

300 to <= 500Cr | 5 
points 

200 to < 300Cr | 4 
points 

>50  to < 200Cr | 2 
points 

<=50Cr | 1 point 

 

Cr= Crore INR 

6  

  



 

 

 
Page 19 

 
  

4 

 
  

Number of rack-based server installations 
and supply executed by the bidder in any 
PSU/Autonomous Bodies declared by the 
Govt. of India/Educational Institutions(as 
on date of submission). PO must be 
attached as a proof of evidence. 

>7 | 6 points 

6-7 | 5 points 

4-5 | 4 points 

2-3 | 2 points 

1 | 1 point 

0 | 0 point  

6  

 

 
 
  

5
  

Presence of Bidder in Gujarat in terms of 
Rack Servers support desks. 

a. Bidders with 
presence in Gujarat 
will get 6 points 

b. Bidders with no 
presence in Gujarat 
will get 0 point 

6 
  

   
 
  

Bidder Evaluation : Total Points Awarded (A) 30   

 

 

 

Technical Evaluation - Total 40 Points   

Sl 
No 

Particulars Points System Max Points Points Awarded 

(not to be filled by 
the bidder) 

Supporting 
Documents 
Attached
  

1
  

No. of negative deviations cited in the 
Technical Compliance Sheet submitted by 
the bidder. 

0 | 10 points 

1-2 | 8 points 

3-4 | 6 points 

5-6 | 4 points 

>6 | 0 point  

10 

   
 
  

2 

 
  

Number of entries of HPC OEM in Top500 
list on Top500.org as on June 2018   

>=10 |  6 points 

8-9 | 5 points 

5-7 | 4 points 

6 

    



 

 

 
Page 20 

 
  

2-4 | 2 points 

 <2 | 0 point 

3 

 
  

Number of HPCs by the bidder in India in 
last three years containing sustained speed 
of 50 Tera Flops (for CPU only) or more, 
and containing at least 1 number of LFS 
based PFS storage with 50TB or more 
capacity. 

>4 | 12 points 

 

 4 | 10 points 

 

 3 | 8 points 

 

< 3 | 0 point 

12 

  

 

 
  

4
  

Performance benchmarks as stated in the 
technical compliance sheet. See Annexure 
- III 

Cumulative points 
based on scoring 
system provided in 
Annexure - III 

12 

 
       

Technical Evaluation : Total Points Awarded (B) 40   

 

 

 

Presentation Evaluation - Total 30 Points    

Sl 
No 

Particulars Points System Max Points Points Awarded 

(not to be filled by 
the bidder) 

Supporting 
Documents 
Attached
  

1
  

Clarity of the Technical Proposal and 
overall approach to phase wise 
implementation. 

Excellent - 6 

Very Good -5 

Good -4 

Average-3 

Poor-0 

6 
 

   

 

 
  

2 

 
  

Type and quality of User Interface 
including ease of operation 

6 

  



 

 

 
Page 21 

 
  

3
  

Project Timelines and lead time for the 
supply of hardware 

6  
  

4 

  

Risk mitigation and Quality Management 
Plan 

6 

    

5 

 
  

Proposed Value Added Features and 
Innovative implementation approach to 
enable scalability and cost efficiency 

6  

    

Presentation Evaluation : Total Points Awarded (C) 30   

Overall  Points Awarded (A + B + C) - Total 100 Points   

Note: The bidder must score a minimum of 45 points [Bidder Evaluation(A) + Technical Evaluation(B)] and a minimum of 15 points in 
Presentation Evaluation(C) to qualify. The financial bids, for the bidders who do not qualify will not be opened and therefore, will not 
be considered as a part of the financial bid evaluation. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 
Page 22 

 
  

Annexure -III 

 

Preamble: The following benchmarks have to be conducted and submitted along with the technical 
bids (See point 4 of Technical Instructions). The benchmarking must be done on the proposed 
hardware, software and network architecture only. The OS must be CentOS6.7 64 bit only. 

HPL:  This is the widely used implementation of the Linpack TPP benchmark. It measures the 
sustained floating point rate of execution for solving a linear system of equations in double precision 
(64 bits) arithmetic on distributed-memory computers. The HPL software package  requires the 
availability on your system of an implementation of the Message Passing Interface with an 
implementation of either the Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms.Only the latest version of 
opensource Netlib HPL benchmarking must be used. 

Run on all 2 nodes considering N around 204320 (problem size). 

The latest version of the software may be download from http://www.netlib.org/benchmark/hpl  
      

HPL performance with Rmax/Rpeak < 50% will lead to immediate disqualification and no further 
correspondence and evaluation will be done. 

STREAMS: A simple benchmark test that measures sustainable memory bandwidth (in GB/s) and 
the corresponding computation rate at a vector kernel. Must run on Single node runs (on each 
compute node separately). The problem size to be considered as Array size: 96, 192, 384  Million 
element in each array. 

May download the code and readme  http://www.cs.virginia.edu/stream/FTP/Code/  

 Scoring system - Maximum 12 Points   

Sl 
No 

Benchmark Points System Max 
Points  

Points Awarded 

(not to be filled by 
bidder) 

Supporting 
Documents Attached 

1 

 
  

HPL  Top and the next best performance 
would be awarded 3 and 2 points 
respectively. All remaining bidders 
would be awarded 1 point each 

8  

  

2. STREAMS 4   

 

 

 

http://www.netlib.org/benchmark/hpl
http://www.cs.virginia.edu/stream/FTP/Code/


 

 

 
Page 23 

 
  

Annexure-IV 

Technical Compliance Report for Rack Servers with Comprehensive 5 years warranty 
 

Indicate Compliance status (Yes / No) for each and every bullet points. 
 

Sr. 

No.
  

Required Technical Specifications of  42U Rack, Compute Nodes, GPU 
nodes, Storage and other related accessories 

Make, Model, 
Version 
Number etc. 

Whether 
Comply 

(Yes/No) 

1 Rack Servers (Compute nodes)            Required Quantity – 2 Nos. 

● 2 x Intel® Xeon® Gold 6130 processor (16 Cores, 2.10 GHz, L3 Cache: 
22 MB,10.4 GT/s) 

● Intel®  chipset family or matching the processor as proposed 
● 192GB DDR4 Registered ECC in a balanced configuration to achieve 

maximum performance level in benchmark ; support upto 24 dimm slots 
needed 

● 1 x HDD SAS 6G 1TB 10K Hot Plug disk (Hot-swap HDD Bays); 
Minimum 4 disk bays should be available 

● On board/Add-on Raid controller supporting - RAID Levels  0, 1 
● Integrated Remote management controller port IPMI 2.0 compliant 

1Gbps. should support graphical console redirection and remote media 
redirection. OEM Server Management Suite, The server management 
suite should have power management capability with view of historical 
data (6 months data). 
Remote KVM Licence and server management licence if applicable 
should be provided with support for the entire warranty period 

● Graphics : Standard onboard 
● Mellanox 1 port 100Gbps Mellanox FDR InfiniBand; It is implied that 

all IB cables (within 1-2 meter) will be provided by bidder. 
● Dual Intel® Gigabit (10/100/1000Mbps) Ethernet onboard; It is implied 

that all Cat6 cables (within 1-2 meter) will be provided by the bidder. 
● Standard with 4 PCIe 3.0 slots, at least 3 PCIe 3.0 x16 slots  
● Many USB 2.0 or 3.0(preferred),1 x VGA or equivalent, 2 x RJ45 1 Gig 

LAN ports, 1 x RJ45 Management Port or IMPI port 
● Rack-mountable with mounting Rails  
● Redundant hot swap Power Supply modules. It is implied that all power 

cables (C13/C14 type within 1-2 meter) will by provided by bidder. 

  



 

 

 
Page 24 

 
  

2 Software Support for Rack Servers: (compute nodes) 

● Should be compatible with CentOS-6.7 stable 64-bit versions. The bidder 
shall be responsible for providing support to IITGN on CentOS. 

● Should support the execution of standard public and commercial 
softwares such as CUDA, ANSYS, Gaussian, VASP, Star-CCM+, 
Comsol, Matlab, Abaqus, NAMD, Machine Learning and AI Tools, 
Gromacs, Lammps and all CIVIL Engineering opensource software etc 
in a parallel environment. The installation of all these software will be 
under the scope of the bidder. 

● Should support Intel suite of compilers including FORTRAN, C, C++, 
MPI, MKL, MVAPICH2, OPEN-MPI, compatible for cluster 
environment 

● Should support job schedulers SLURM 
● Well supported and documented Open Source Cluster Management tool 

(Rocks), or equivalent 

  

3
  

Warranty: 

● Comprehensive 5 years warranty (including onsite/parts/labor) 
● The system hardware should be recovered within two business days. 
● The warranty shall include advanced replacement for all 5 years 

(Replacement part should be provided before taking away the faulty 
part).  

● Software licence and server management software should also be 
covered for 5 years; any new addition of the software in the list will also 
come under the scope of work of the bidder in terms of installation, 
support and troubleshoot. 

    

4 Service Level Agreement (SLA) Requirement: 

Although 24x7 support is preferred, the minimum SLA requirements are given 
below.  

● Priority 1 Call: System is completely down and business is severely 
impacted, that is the cluster is unusable. (covered on Saturday & Sunday 
& Holidays as well)    

● Priority 2 Call: System is degraded with no impact on business.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     

  



 

 

 
Page 25 

 
  

 Priority  Classification 
of Issue  

Category Response 
Time 

Resolution  

1 Cluster is 
down and 
business is 
impacted. 
(covered on 
Saturday & 
Sunday & 
Holidays), that 
is the cluster is 
unusable. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Software, 

Network 

And 

Hardware
  

Within  2 
hours after 
the lodge of 
the ticket 
with the 
bidder (for all 
cases - 
hardware,soft
ware, 
network) 

  

The ticket or 
docket 
number 
should be 
provided in 
email. 

2 days (inclusive of 
working and non-
working and holidays). 
Engineers must visit for 
any change in original 
spare parts. 

2 System is 
degraded with 
no impact on 
business.  

4 days (inclusive of 
working and non-
working and holidays) 
either in person or 
remotely. 

 Support of SLA from the OEM; After 7 days of no resolution, the OEM will be 
involved / held responsible. The OEM is likely to get disbarred from IITGN if the 
issue is not resolved within 7 days.  

 

The bidder can provide their own SLA matrix in a similar format in case of any 
deviations from the above requirements. It is to be noted that the better SLA 
proposals from the bidder will not be counted as the deviation from the criteria 
given. 

5 Escalation Matrix 

The bidder must provide escalation matrix. 

  



 

 

 
Page 26 

 
  

6 Generic Instruction:  

● Commercial bids must be submitted in USD/INR format only. 
● OEM should have registered support office in minimum 3 locations 

across pan India and the service tax registration number has to be 
provided as proof.  

● OEM should be in existence in India for minimum past 10 Years. Please 
provide the certificate of incorporation along with corporate identity 
number. 

● OEM should have the following ISO certification 9001; 14401; 27001 
(copies of all 3 certificates are to be submitted as a part of the technical 
bid) 

● All parts including RAM, Graphic Cards & HDD to be supplied by OEM, 
should be under warranty of OEM. Part Number will be checked with the 
OEM after supply & if necessary a certificate has to be furnished on 
OEM letterhead. Along with the MAF, OEM should give an undertaking 
in its ink-signed letterhead that the parts supplied are genuine and they 
have not used any refurbished parts.  

● All the software being provided by the bidder must have support for 
upgraded, updates and patches during the comprehensive warranty 
period. 

● Server and Storage should be from the same OEM only. Any parts that 
are changed during the warranty period must be from the same OEM. 

● Bidder must have at least two entries in India Top supercomputer list 
published in July 2018. Supporting documents must be provided along 
with the technical bid. (http://topsc.cdacb.in/jsps/july2018/index.html) 

● HPC Compute Hardware OEM whose product has been quoted should 
have at least 10 entries in each list published online for worldwide Top 
500 supercomputer released in June 2018 
(https://www.top500.org/lists/2018/06/). 

● The bidder must not be blacklisted by C-DAC or any other Educational 
/ R&D /Govt. Organizations as on date of submission. 

● All the pages of this Tender (including Annexures I, II, III and IV) 
 must be signed and stamped, as a token of acceptance, by the 
bidder, else the bid will be summarily rejected. 

● The bidder must provide a list of employees working in their organization 
indicating with their qualifications and experience serving in the 
department of Rack Based Servers only. The qualifications and 
experience demonstrating the expertise to maintain Rack Based Servers 
must be clearly indicated. 

● The agency shall provide a complaint resolution portal or a central email 
address and phone number to lodge the complaints and thereafter issue 
complaint number. 

  

http://topsc.cdacb.in/jsps/july2018/index.html


 

 

 
Page 27 

 
  

● The bidders cannot subcontract or outsource the task for installation, 
commissioning and support during the warranty period. 

● Detailed solution diagram including approximate power, cooling 
required for the proposed solution must be indicated. The details of make 
and model of each item quoted must be indicated clearly and printed 
datasheets catalog, literature published by OEM must be submitted along 
with the technical bid. Test certificates from the OEM (wherever 
applicable) must be submitted along with the technical bid. 

● The quantity against each item mentioned in this tender may vary during 
actual placing of the Purchase Order. In such case of quantity variation, 
no change in the quoted unit price will be allowed. 

● Quotations must be valid for 120 days from the date of submission of 
bid. 

● The entire server should be factory integrated with all parts bearing OEM 
part codes. No assembly at the site will be permitted. BoM with OEM 
part codes should be submitted along with the technical bid. 

● Print of technical presentation should not be submitted along with the 
Technical Bid. 

● Once all the equipments are received in good condition, the installation 
of the cluster must start without any delay from the bidder’s end.  

● A deadline must be submitted along with the technical bid setting 
appropriate milestones of commissioning of the cluster.  

● If the required SLA is not met then the appropriate penalty will be 
charged as noted in the Clause Penalty. In case there is any delay from 
IITGN then no penalty will be applied. 

● IITGN reserves the right to cancel the tendering process, if needed, 
without issuing any further notice or assigning any reason whatsoever. 

● Any interim correspondence pertaining to the tender and/or the 
Annexure-I, II, III and IV must be submitted to purchase@iitgn.ac.in 
only. 

7 Technical Instruction:  

● The 2 (two) new rack servers (compute nodes) will be integrated with the 
existing master node (as a part of our in-house HPC cluster) of Fujitsu 
make with Intel Xeon and 48 GB RAM and SLURM as a scheduler. The 
master or head node is mounted with usable 26TB of home, opt and 
scratch partitions from the Fujitsu make SAN Storage box using 
multipathing and having gluster file system. A separate queueing system 
must be made in order to run jobs using the batch manager SLURM by 
the bidder. The bidder will be responsible to integrate the new with 
existing Parallel File System (GlusterFS) and HPC cluster seamlessly (in 
hardware, software, network etc). 

  



 

 

 
Page 28 

 
  

● The new nodes must be integrated with the existing network architecture 
with respect to Interconnects (Ethernet and Infiniband FDR). For further 
details on the HPC cluster, please visit http://iitgn.ac.in/hpc/vega.html 

● CentOS-6.7, MPI libraries and routines in order to run jobs, must be 
installed on the new nodes by the bidder. 

● Performance Benchmarking (as given in Annexure-III) needs to be 
executed on hardware architecture that is proposed by the bidder and the 
results must be submitted as part of the technical bid in the form of a 
CD/DVD/Pendrive. These benchmarking results (in text readable 
format) will be used subsequently, to verify the performance of the 
cluster after installation. The technical bids which do not provide the 
benchmarking results in the form of a CD/DVD/Pendrive and as outlined 
above, will be summarily rejected. 

● The bidder would be responsible to provide remote and physical support 
to the 2 new nodes, whenever needed onsite, listed below (not limited to) 

● OS Support  
● OS Kernel upgradation (meaning kernel release, major and minor 

version upgradation/downgradation)  
● OS troubleshooting  
● Infiniband support  
● Re-Installations of nodes in the event of OS corruption or similar 

incidents    
● Patch deployment    
● Compilers & Libraries implementation support    
● Application (open source and commercial) installation support 
● Scheduler Support   
● MPI installation & troubleshooting support    

Note: IITGN will provide media and licenses for commercial software 
(excluding Intel License software version 2018). 

■ Regular Health checkups of Cluster, including 
upgradation of drivers, and application of firmware and 
security patches.    

■ Patch updates on requirement basis     
■ Problem identification on all server side components 

     
● Keep the uptime for the servers at 99.9%; adequate numbers of 

motherboards, Memory module, Hard-Disk Drive, SMPS, 
Infiniband card and cables (FDR), C13/C14 Power cables, Cat6 
Cables, CMOS battery; only original spare parts must be used. 



 

 

 
Page 29 

 
  

8 Penalty: 

● During the warranty and support period, penalty would be imposed for 
not meeting the SLA, like if any ticket is found to be unresolved after the 
stipulated SLA period is passed; and if 2(two) such incidents happen in 
a quarter after project sign-off,  then 0.5% of the security deposit will be 
deducted. 

● In case 5(five) penalties in lieu of breach of SLA has been imposed 
during the 5 years support and maintenance period, then it would be 
considered as a severe non-performance from the bidder’s end and 
IITGN will have the sole discretion to further decide for increase in the 
amount of penalty to be deducted from security deposit or whether the 
entire deposit will be completely forfeited. 

  

 

 

  



 

 

 
Page 30 

 
  

Annexure-V 
 

Undertaking 
{Submitted on Letterhead of Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)} 

 
An undertaking from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) is required and stating that 
they would facilitate the bidder on a regular basis with technology/product updates and extends 
support for the warranty as well. 

 
 
 

Sign of authorised person (OEM):-____________  

Date: - __________________________________               

Name of the authorised  

Person (OEM):-____________________________        

 
 
 
 
 
 

Annexure-VI 
 

Warranty Declaration 
{Submitted on Letterhead of bidder/supplier) 

 
The warranty declaration states that “everything to be supplied by us hereunder shall be free from 
all defects and faults in material, workmanship and shall be of the highest quality and material of 
the type ordered, shall be in full conformity with the specification and shall be complete enough 
to carry out the experiments, as specified in the tender document.” 
 
 

 
 Sign of authorised person of bidder: -__________  

 Date: - __________________________________ 

             Name of the authorised  

             Person of bidder:-_________________________ 

 
 
 
 
 



 

 

 
Page 31 

 
  

Annexure-VII (A) 
 

FINANCIAL OFFER 

FOR INDIGINEOUS SUPPLIES 

Supplier’s Ref No. & Date: - 

Tender No. : - 

Due Date: -  

Description of item: - 

Sr. 
No 

Description of 
Item & 
Specification(Mo
del no if any) 

Qty. 
in 
Units 

Unit 
Price in 
Rs. 

Discount 
(%) 

GST (%)* Total Price in 
Rs. 

       
       
       
(Total Amount in Words……………………………………………………………….) 

 

*IIT Gandhinagar is eligible for concessional rate of GST i.e. @ 5% as per the Notification 
No. 45/2017, Central Tax (Rate), State Tax (Rate) and/or 47/2017 Integrated Tax (Rate), 
dated 14.11.2017 issued by Government of India and necessary certificate will be issued along 
with the copy of DSIR by the Institute. The vendor/bidder has to quote accordingly otherwise 
the bid may be rejected. 

 

 Delivery Mode : Delivery at IIT Gandhinagar, at site only 
 Total bid price should be inclusive of all taxes and levies, transport, loading, unloading etc. 
 Warranty Period: ………………………... 
 Delivery Period: ………………………..days/weeks. 
 Installation Period:……………………….days/weeks. 
 Quotation Validity Date: - Minimum 120 Days from the date of Submission of 

quotation/tender due date. 
 Payment Term: Payment within 30 working days from the date of submission of clear Invoice 

and Performance Bank Guarantee with acceptance certificate from the concerned 
dept./Sect./MMD. 

 
         Sign of bidder: -___________________  

        Date: - __________________________ 

               Name of the bidder:-_______________ 

                                Firm’s Name:-____________________ 

Note: Price Bid should be submitted in given format only. For additional information/extra items 
above format may be typed and used.  



 

 

 
Page 32 

 
  

 

Annexure-VII (B) 

FOR IMPORTED SUPPLIES 

Supplier’s Ref No. & Date: - 

Tender No. : - 

Due Date: -  

Description of Item/Equipment: -  

PRICE BID 

Sr. 
No. 

Description of Item & 
Specification 

Qty. 
in 

Units 

Unit 
Price 

Price Basis 
(Ahmedabad 

International Airport) 

Total 
Price 

CIP 
      
      
      
(Total Amount in Words………………………………………………………………) 

 1. Delivery Period:.............................. 
 2. Warranty Period: ……………………… 
 3. Installation Period:……………………… 
 4. Terms of payment: (a) 100% payment by Letter of Credit (90% payment will be 

released on receipt of documents without any discrepancies and balance 10% will be paid 
after satisfactory installation, commissioning of item/equipment and submission of 
Performance Bank Guarantee).  

  (b) Payment by wire transfer (on request) within 30 days from the date of supply, 
installation, commissioning of item/equipment and submission of Performance Bank 
Guarantee. 

 5. Validity of the bid 120 days from the date of opening of the tender. 
 
 
 
Signature: ________________________________ 
Name: _______________________________ 
Business Address: ________________________  
Place: 
Date: Affix Rubber Stamp: ______________________ 
 

Note: Price Bid should be submitted in given format only. For additional information/extra items 
above format may be typed and used.  



 

 

 
Page 33 

 
  

Annexure - VIII 

TENDER ACCEPTANCE LETTER 
(To be given on Company Letter Head) 

Date: 
To, 
______________________ 
______________________ 
______________________ 
______________________ 
 
Sub: Acceptance of Terms & Conditions of Tender. 

Tender Reference No: _______________________________ 

Name of Tender / Work: - 
____________________________________________________________________________________
______________________________________________________________________________ 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
Dear Sir, 

1. I/ We have downloaded / obtained the tender document(s) for the above mentioned ‘Tender/Work’ 
from the web site(s) namely:  
_________________________________________________________________________________  
_________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
as per your advertisement, given in the above mentioned website(s). 

2. I / We hereby certify that I / we have read the entire terms and conditions of the tender documents 
(including all documents like annexure(s), schedule(s), etc .,), which form part of the contract agreement 
and I / we shall abide hereby by the terms / conditions / clauses contained therein. 
 

3. The corrigendum(s) issued from time to time by your department/ organisations too have also been 
taken into consideration, while submitting this acceptance letter. 
 

4. I / We hereby unconditionally accept the tender conditions of above mentioned tender document(s) / 
corrigendum(s) in its totality / entirety. 
 

5. I / We do hereby declare that our Firm has not been blacklisted/ debarred by any Govt. 
Department/Public sector undertaking/Govt. Autonomous organisations. 
 

6. I / We certify that all information furnished by the our Firm is true & correct and in the event that the 
information is found to be incorrect/untrue or found violated, then your department/ organisation shall 
without giving any notice or reason therefore can summarily reject the bid or terminate the contract, 
without prejudice to any other rights or remedy including the forfeiture of the full said earnest money 
deposit absolutely. 
            
           Yours faithfully, 

 
(Signature of the Bidder, with Official Seal)  


