











































Microsoft Word - 0_Tender_for_Network_Equipments


SuratUrban Development Authority 1 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

Name Of Work : Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipment 

at SUDA BHAVAN  BUILDING AT  T.P.S NO:-1 ,(VESU) F.P.NO.174  PAIKEE SUB PLOT NO B AT 

VESU , TA:-CHORYASI ,DI:- SURAT (WITH 5 YEARS A.M.C) 

TECHNICAL BID 

 
Through online e-tendering process only 

 

 
Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

13-04-2018 to 23-04-2018 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of 

EMD, Bid Fee & SupportingDocument 

On or before 24-04-2018 to 30-04-2018 

 

 

 
Duly Sign&Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of NetworkingEquipments 

 

 
Municipal Corporation (SUDA) 
 

 



Surat Urban Development Authority  2 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

Notice Inviting Bid 
 

 
Surat Urban Development authority  (SUDA )  

SUDA BHAVAN, B/H, OLD MULTISTORIED BUILDING NANPURA 

     SURAT- 395 001. 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration 

of Networking Equipments  

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments is being 

publishedbySuratUrban Developement Authority (SUDA)onlineon13-04-2018 fromthe bidder 

meeting the basic eligibility criteria as stated in the biddocument. 

BidFee(Non-refundable) •Rs 4,248.00  (byDDorBanker’sCheque 

only) 

EMD •Rs. .1,81,070.00 ./- (by DD or Banker’s Chequeonly) 

Last  date  to  submit  the  •Bidders   shall   have   to   post   queries   by   email   to Online 

PreBidQueries .19-04-2018on or before 16:00 hrs.  

Online Bid End Date (Last •To be submitted online only on 13-04-2018on 

Date ofOnlineSubmission to 23-04-2018 up to 18:00hrs. 

of Bids with all necessary 

documents as per tender 

document requirement in 

soft copy) 

Submission (in Hard Copy) •In sealed envelope strictly by RPAD/Postal Speed Post on or of 

BidFee,EMD. before24-04-2018 to 30-04-2018upto18:00hrs. 

totheChiefAccounts, 

Surat Urban Developement Authirity , SUDA Bhavan, 

B/H O.M Bhavan, Nanpura, Surat – 395001  RFPDocumentAvailability  

bid(s) received is reserved without assigning any reason thereof. 

(Sd/-) 

........................................ 

Surat Urban Developement Authority 



Surat Urban Development Authority  3 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Surat Urban Development Authority  4 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

INDEX 

NoticeInviting Bid ........................................................................................................................................................... 2 

Memorandum Of Work in Brief................................................................................................................................ 9 

TECHNICALBID ................................................................................................................................  

1. Key Events&Dates.......................................................................................................................................  11 

2. Instructions fortheBidder ...........................................................................................................................  12 

3. Eligibility Criteria.................................................................................................................................................18 

4. Indicative list of Documents tobesubmitted ........................................................................................20 

5. General TermsandConditions......................................................................................................................23 

6. Technical(minimum) Specification .......................................................................................................... 28 

7. Annexure For Technical Bid ...................................................................................................................... 88 

PRICEBID ........................................................................................................................................... 



 

 

 4
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
Duly Sign&Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of NetworkingEquipments 

 

 

 

 

Bid for 

Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration 

Of Networking Equipments 

 

Technical Bid 

 
Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

April 04, 2018 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of 

EMD, Bid Fee 

April 11, 2018 

 
Information Systems Department 

(ISD),Surat-395003 



 
5 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE AUTHORITY'S OFFICE, 
SURAT URBAN DEVELOPMENT AUTHOIRTY (SUDA), SURAT 

ONLINE E- TENDER NOTICE NO: SUDA / CB/02/2018-2019 

Chief Executive Authority, Surat Urban Development Authority, "SUDA" Bhavan, behind old M.S 
building Nanpura,Surat-395001,invites on-line e-tender for  works mentioned below from  the  
eligible  contractors  as per tender clause,  available on Website  :https://suda.nprocure.com  
and  :https://www.nprocure.com  during   Up To date:13-04-2018 
(A) Details of Tender item: 

Sr.  
No. 

Name of Work Estimated 
Tender Value 

(Rs.) 

EMD  
(Rs. In Rs.) 

 

Tender fee  
In Rs. 

Period of 
completion of 

Work 
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 

1 Bid for Supply, Installation, 

Configuration and Integration of 

Networking Equipments 

1,81,07,003.00 1,81,070.00 4,248.00 3 
Months 

(B) Schedule for e-tendering is fixed as under: 

(i) Downloading of tender 
documents 

From   13-04-2018 To 23-04-2018 

(ii) On line submission of  
price-bid 

23-04-2018 up to 18.00 hrs  

(iii
) 

Physical Submission of 
EMD, tender fee Technical 
Bid  and other documents 
during office hours 

From 24-04-2018 To 30-04-2018up to 17.00 hours in 
the office of Executive Engineer, Surat Urban 
Development Authority, Surat by RPAD / Speed Post 
only. 

(iv
) 

Online opening of price Bid Will be intimated letter ( On-Line) 
 

 

1.0 Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking 

Equipments AT   SUDA BHAVAN  BUILDING AT  T.P.S NO:-1 ,(VESU) F.P.NO.174  

PAIKEE SUB PLOT NO B AT VESU , TA:-CHORYASI ,DI:- SURAT  
2.0 Down loading Tender Document: 
2.1 Bid documents will be available on web site www.suda.nprocure.com. 
2.2 Bidders wishes to participate in this tender will have to register on web site  

Sr No Name of Certifying Agency Website Address 

1 (n)Code Solutions(GNFC) www.gnvfc.com 

3.0 Digital Certificate: 
3.1 Bidders who wish to participate in online tenders will have to procure / should have 

legally valid Digital Certificate (Class III) as per Information Technology Act-2000 using 
which they can sign their electronic bids. Bidders can procure the same from any of the 
license certifying Authority of India or can contact (n)code solutions- a division of GNFC 
Ltd, who are licensed Certifying Authority by Govt. of India. 

3.2 All bids should be digitally signed, for details regarding digital signature certificate and 
related training involved the below mentioned address should be contacted: 

 (n)Code solutions 
A division of  GNFC 
301, GNFC Info tower, Bodakdev, 
Ahmedabad- 380 054 ( India ) 
Tel   : +91 26857316/17/18   Fax: +91   7926857321 



 
6 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

E-mail: nprocure@gnvfc.net 
Mobile: 9327084190, 9898589652 

3.3 Bidders who already have a valid Digital certificate need not procure a new Digital 
certificate.   
  

4.0 On line Submission of Price Bid. 

 

4.1 Bidders can prepare & edit their offers number of times before tender submission date 
& time. After tender submission date & time, bidder cannot edit their submitted offer in 
any case. No written or online request in this regard shall be granted. 

4.2 Tenderer shall submit their offer i.e. technical bid as well as price bid in Electronic 
format on above mentioned website & Date shown above after Digitally signing the 
same. 

4.3. Offers submitted without digitally signed will not be accepted. 
4.4 Offers in physical form will not be accepted in any case.   
5.0 Submission of Tender Fees, Bid Security and other valid  Documents: 
5.1 Tender Fee: Rs. 4,248.00 by Demand Draft in favour of "Chief Executive Authority, 

Surat Urban Development Authority, Surat”, payable at Surat from any 
Nationalized/Scheduled Bank except Co-operative Bank. Demand draft got issued after 
the last date of submission of Bids will not be considered or accepted. 

5.2 Bid Security i.e.EMD: Rs.  1,81,070.00 (Rupees One lakh Eighty One Thousand 
Seventy only)  in the form of DD in favour of "Chief Executive Authority, Surat Urban 
Development Authority, Surat" from any Nationalized / Scheduled Bank except Co-
operative Bank. DD issued after the last date of submission of tender will not be 
considered as valid or accepted in any case. 

5.3 Other valid Documents required to be submitted by scanning: 

a Experience Certificate of Approved Contractor as per tender clause. 
b Class of contractor= Authorized Distributor  
c Valid income tax returns filed with Income tax Depar3tment for last three years. 
d Evidence of similar type of single completed work of at least value of 80% amount 

put to tender or two single work of 50% value each, or three similar works costing 
not less then 40% of the estimated cost within the last three years commencing 

from the year 2017-2018 .similler type of works means Supply, Installation, 

Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipmentsforsemi government, 

government ,local  government, pwd, LLP, PVT Ltd Companies etc. 
e Valid Power of Attorney. 
f Affidavit - Before the Notary Public  
g Income Tax Returns of last 3 years – Attach true copy 
h List of work on Hand  
i Audited Financial Statement of last 3 years – Attach true copy  
j Partnership Deed (if applicable)/PVT Ltd 

 k Please refer pre qualification Criteria 
5.4 Bidder shall have to submit Technical Bid with DD for Tender Fee, DD against EMD and 

other Documents as mentioned above in 5.0 to 5.3 physical form so as to reach 
Executive Engineer, SUDA office as per Date shown in schedule during Office Hours at 
Chief Executive Authority, Surat Urban Development Authority, SUDA Bhavan,Nanpura, 
Surat - 395 001, by RPAD / Speed Post only. Tender fee, EMD and other documents 
received early or later than the time & date specified in schedule will not be accepted in 



 
7 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

any case and the bid of that bidder shall be considered non-responsive. 
5.5 Bidder has to submit the documents as said in 5.3 above and no other condition in any 

form shall be considered at all, at the time of evaluation of the tender i.e. The bidder 
shall have to submit unconditional offer without differing from any of the tender 
condition. If the documents as mentioned above in 5.3 are not submitted, Price Bid will 
not be opened. 

6.0 Opening of Tender: 
6.1 Opening of bid documents will be held on Date & time shown above in the office of 

Chief Executive Authority, Surat Urban Development Authority, SUDA Bhavan, B/h.Old 
Collector's Office, Surat - 395 001. 

6.2 Intending bidders or their duly authorized representative who wish to remain present at 
SUDA premises at the time of tender opening can do so. 

6.3 After successful completion of Technical Evaluation, price bid of only those bidders 
would be opened online who are found to be responsive. 

7.0 Contacting Officer: 
7.1 Further details/clarification if any required will be available from Executive Engineer, 

Surat Urban Development Authority, SUDA Bhavan, B/h.Old Collector's Office, Surat - 
395 001. 

8.0 General instructions: 
8.1 The fees for on line tender document will not be refunded under any circumstances. 
8.2 EMD in the form specified in tender document only shall be accepted. 
8.3 Tenders without Tender fees, Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) and other required 

documents which do not ful-fill all or any of the condition or submitted incomplete in 
any respect will be rejected. 

8.4 Conditional tender shall not be accepted. 
8.5 This tender notice shall form a part of tender document. 
8.6 The Internet site address for E-Tender is :https://www.suda.nprocure.com and that of 

corporate web site is :https://www.nprocure.com 
8.7 Free training camp for bidders is organized on every Saturday between 1.00 to 5.00 

P.M. at (n)Code solutions, A division of  GNFC, 301, GNFC Info  tower, Bodakdev, 
Ahmadabad- 380 054 (India). Bidders are requested to take benefit of the same. 

8.8 SUDA/Consultant  reserves the rights to reject any or all tenders without 
assigning any reason thereof. 
 

8.9 • contractor/successful bidder is bound to pay any amount of GST prescribed  by 
the Govt of India as per the term of contract agreed upon during the course of 
execution of this contract. 

• From last date of submission of tender and during the course of execution of 
contract if there is any change in rate of GST (Goods & service tax) by the 
Government the same i.e. only the difference shall be reimbursed /recovered 
separately by SUDA subject to the submission of original receipt / proof for the 
amount actually remitted by the successful tenderer / contractor  / successful 
bidder certifying that the amount of GST paid to the Government and the same 
shall be intimated / submitted / claimed within 30 (thirty)  days from the date 
of payment remittance of GST within stipulated period shall be the sole 
responsibility of the successful bidder / contactor failing which SUDA may 
recover the amount due from any other payable dues with SUDA and decision 
of Chief executive authority shall be final and binding on the contractor / 



 
8 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

successful bidder in this regard further. The non-payment of GST to the 
Government may lead to the termination of contract and forfeiture of security 
deposit / performance guarantee amount. 

• Except GST . if imposition of any other new taxes /duties /levies / cess or any 
other incidentals etc. or any increase in he existing taxes/ duties / levies / cess 
or any other incidents etc. or any increase in he existing taxes / 
duties/levies/cess or any other Incidents etc.(Excluding GST ) are imposed 
during the course of the contract he same shall be borne by the contractor / 
successful bidder only in cash SUDA shall be liable for the same bidder  /firm 
should have to produce attested copy of sale tax certified with proof of 
residence. 
 

 

 
 
 
 

Chief Executive Authority, 

                               Surat Urban Development Authority, 
Surat. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
9 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 
MEMORANDUM OF WORKS IN BRIEF: 

 

Online Tenders forSupply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking 

Equipments AT   SUDA BHAVAN  BUILDING AT  T.P.S NO:-1 ,(VESU) F.P.NO.174  PAIKEE 

SUB PLOT NO B AT VESU , TA:-CHORYASI ,DI:- SURAT (WITH 5 YEARS A.M.C) 
 

 
 

[1] Name of Work:   Bid for Supply, Installation, 

Configuration and Integration of 

Networking Equipments AT   SUDA 

BHAVAN  BUILDING AT  T.P.S NO:-1 
,(VESU) F.P.NO.174  PAIKEE SUB PLOT 
NO B AT VESU , TA:-CHORYASI ,DI:- 
SURAT (WITH 5 YEARS A.M.C) 

[2] Estimated Cost 
 

……. Rs. 1,81,07,003.00 

[3] Earnest Money 
 

……. Rs. 1,81,070.00 

[4] Class of contractor   ---------------------- 

[5] Eligibility Criteria   Evidence of similar type of single 
completed work of at least value of 80% 
amount put to tender or two single work 
of 50% value each, or three similar works 
costing not less then 40% of the 
estimated cost within the last seven years 
commencing from the year 2017-2018 

[6] Tender Fee  

(Non-refundable) 

 

  Rs.   4,248.00  in the form of Demand 
Draft in favour of Chief Executive 
Authority, SUDA, payable at Surat of any 
Nationalized/Scheduled Bank. 

[7] 
 
 

Validity period of tender offered …….  120  days from the stipulated date of 
receiving of the tender but no 
modification  shall  be  allowed after on-
line submission of tender 

[8] Security Deposit   Security deposit and Performance bond  
will be released after work completion 
satisfactory.(after final bill completed) 

I In the form of FDR of any 
Nationalized/Scheduled Bank in 
favour of Chief Executive Authority. 
SUDA or any valid Bank Guarantee. 

..2.5% of 
Estimated 
Cost 

Rs. 4,52,675.07 

II To be deducted from bills  
 

..2.5%   Rs. (from each R.A.Bill) 



 
10 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

III 
 

Performance Bond of Schedule Bank 
covering 12 months defect liability 
period. B.G. should be payable at 
Surat/FDR Of Nationalized Bank in 
favour of C.E.A. SUDA. 

…5%  
Estimated 
Cost 

Rs.             9,05,350.15 

[9] Time allowed for completion of the 
work from the date of written order 
to commence the work. 

  3 (Three) Months 

[10
] 
 

Defect Liability Period                          12 months from the Date of work 
completion of the Work 

[11
] 
 

Maintenance  period   WITH 3 YEARS WARRENTY of all 
equipment’s&maintenance  services  FROM 

THE DATE OF COMMISSIONING. 

[12
] 

Other details 
 

   

I Downloading of tender  
Documents 
 

  From DT:13-04-2018  to DT:23-04-
2018 

II 

 

On-line Submission of  Price Bid.  
 

 date:   23-04-2018 Up to 18.00hrs. 

III 
 
 
 

Submission of EMD, Tender Fee and 
other document during office hours 
 

  From  24-04-2018  To 30-04-2018 
During office hours up to 17.00hrs. in the 
office of  Executive Engineer, Surat Urban 
Development Authority, Surat. 

IV Opening of  Price Bid (Online)   Will be intimated (online) 

 
 
All rights to reject any or all the offers without assigning any reasons thereof are reserved by 

the authority. 

 
 

 

 

 

Chief Executive Authority 
Surat Urban Development Authority 

Surat 

 
 

 

 

 



 
11 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

TECHNICAL BID 
 

1. Key Events & Dates 

Event Target Date 

Notice Inviting Tender SUDA / CB/02/2018-2019 

Bid Fee (Non-refundable) Rs 4,248.00 by DD or Banker’s Chequeonly) 

EMD Rs. 181070.00/- (by DD or Banker’s Cheque only). 

Last date to submit the Online 

Pre Bid Queries 

Bidders shall have to post queries by email to19-04-2018. 

on or before 16:00 hrs 

Online Bid End Date (Last Date 

of Online Submission of Bids 

with all necessary documents 

as per tender document 

requirement in soft copy) 

To be submitted online only on 13-04-2018 on or before 

23-04-2018 up to 18:00 hrs. 

Submission (in Hard Copy) of 

Bid Fee, EMD. 

InsealedenvelopestrictlybyRPAD/PostalSpeedPostonor 

before 24-04-2018 to 30-04-2018 up to 18:00 hrs. 

Opening of Technical Bids To be decided and communicated later 

Opening of Price Bids To be decided and communicated later 



 
12 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

and that of corporate web site is :https://www.nprocure.com 
 

2. Instructions for theBidder  

 Availing BidDocuments 

Blank bid documents can be downloaded from the web site 

https://www.suda.nprocure.com&:https://www.nprocure.comup to the date and time mentioned 

in the Online Bid Invitation Notice : SUDA / CB/02/2018-2019 

 Addenda & Corrigenda 

If required the Addenda and Corrigenda will be issued and the same will form the part of 

the original bid documents and shall override any contradicting effects in the originalbid 

document. 

 Submission of Price Bid and TechnicalBID 

The price bid and the technical bid containing all the relevant supporting documents must 

be submitted online on or before the last date of 

submissionofthebid.NodocumentsexcepttheBidFee,EMDtobeacceptedinhardcopy. It is 

advised to keep the softcopy of the relevant documents ready and upload the same in 

advance with respect to this tender to avoid issues ifany. 

Alltherelevantsoftcopyshouldinvariablyfollowthe(n)Codeportal'sspecificrequirements 

pertaining to file types, file size, file name length,etc. 

o File Types: Files with only .pdf, .doc, .txt, .xls, .ppt, .pps, .png, .gif, .jpg, .zip, .rar 

extension can be uploaded. 

o Filename:Itshouldnotbemorethan70characters.SpecialCharactersLike(‘%@< 

>: *? | & ~ ^) are not permitted. 

o File size: Single file size should not be more than 3MB. 

The bid document (duly signed and stamped) in hard copy shall be submitted by the 

successful bidder upon intimation from SUDA. 

 Pre-bidQueries 

A prospective Bidder requiring any clarification on the RFP Document may submit his 

queries, via email, to the following e-mail id on or before 19-04-2018 up to 16:00 hrs. 

Email Id for submission of queries:  sudaonline1978@gmail.com 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
13 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

The queries must be submitted in the following format: 

Bidder’s Request for Clarification 

Address of the Organization 

submitting request 

Position of Person 

submitting request 

Contact Details of the 

Organization / Authorized 

Representative 

  Tel: 

Mobile: 

Fax: 

 
  Email: 

Sr. 

No 

Bid Reference(s) 

(Section, Page) 

Content of Bid requiring 

clarification 

Points of clarification required 

    

    

 

 Bid Fee & Earnest Money Deposit(EMD) 

• Thebiddershouldpaynon-refundableBidFeeofRs.and EMD of Rs. 1,81,070.00 - by 

separate Demand Draft or Banker's Cheque of any scheduled/nationalized bank 

payable at Surat in favour of Chirf Executive Authority, Surat Urban Development 

Authority. 

• FailuretosubmitBidFee,EMDasrequiredshallleadtothebidbeingrejectedsummarily. 

       The bid should be filled in legibly, clearly indicating the figures and its value in wordstoo. 

  

 Online Submission of the TechnicalBid: 

  

The bidder will be required to upload the duly signed, stamped and notarized colour 

scanned copy of below mentioned documents in the same order of sequence online 

during e-tendering process. 

1. Scan copy of Tender (Bid)Fee 

2. Scan copy ofEMD 

3. Scan copy of Solvency certificate 

4. Scan copy of the all supporting documents clarifying compliance to the eligibility 

criteria as stated in Section-4 Indicative list of Documents to besubmitted. 

5. Scan copy of Bid Format given in Section – 7, Annexure to TechnicalBid 



 
14 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

A. Bidder’s Details (signed and stamped page no.27-28) 

B. Information of Authorized Signatory / Contact Person (signed and stamped page 

no. 29) 

C. Authorization Letter from OEM, Form A (on OEM’s letterhead, Page No. 30) (For 

Item No 1 & Item no2). 

D. Performa of Compliance letter, Form B (on Bidder’s letterhead, Page No 31) (forall 

items). 

6. Scan copy of duly filled, signed and stamped Technical Specification given in Section – 

6 (To be submitted on OEM’sletterhead) 

7. Scan copy of duly filled, signed and stamped Technical Specification given in Section – 

6 (To be submitted on Bidder’sletterhead) 

8. Scan copy of PAN card 

9. Scan copy of company registration with local body and state 

government/central government. 

10. Scan copy of GST RegistrationCertificate.  ESI  & PF Registration (For atleast 15 employees.) 

11. Scan copy of duly signed addendum and Corrigendum, ifany. 

12. Scancopyofanyotherdocumentnotmentionedabovebutrequiredtobeattachedas per the 

tender requirement(Optional). 

13. AuthorizationLetterasperClause-2.26 

14. The bidder have office setup in south gujarat or  250 km area surrounding  surat. Technical 

support  should be provided from that place.   

(mandatoryincasetendersignatoryisother than 

Owner/Partner/MD/Director/Company Secretary)(Optional) 

 Demand Draft for E.M.D. & Tender (Bid) fee shall be submitted in electronic format 

through online mode (by scanning) while uploading the bid. This submission shall 

mean that E.M.D. & tender fee are received for purpose of opening of the bid. 

Accordingly offer of those shall be opened whose E.M.D. & tender (bid) fee is received 

electronically. However, for the purpose of realization of D.D. bidder shall sendthe 

D.D.inoriginalthroughRPAD/SpeedpostasperClasue-2.11belowsoastoreachto 

within7daysfromthelastdateofonlinesubmissionofthebid as per tender notice. 

Penetrative action for not submitting D.D. in original to shall be initiated and action 

shall be taken for abeyance of registration and cancellation of E- 

tenderingcodeforoneyear.Anydocumentsinsupportingofbidshallbeinelectronic 

formatonlythroughonline(byscanning)&hardcopywillnotbeacceptedseparately. 

 Alldocumentsmustbecolouredscannedtobeseenasoriginal.Scanninginblackand white 

or grey shall not be acceptable. 

 All documents must be notarized with clearly-displaying stamp, number and nameof 

the notary. 

 Sealing, marking and submission of the Bid Fee,EMD: 



 
15 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

Following documents shall only be submitted in Hard Copy to SUDA  by the bidder: 

- Earnest Money Deposit(EMD) 

- TenderFee. 

The “Bid Fee, EMD” shall be put in an envelope containing Bid Fee, Earnest Money Deposit 

(EMD) and shall be super scribed as “Bid Fee, EMD” 

-  

After completion of the project the successful bidder  should  responsible to get 

approval  for the delivary ofthe goods, Its configuration, Its Security , from 

consultant/SUDA authority. The final completion certificate issue by consultant.  

 

The envelope must be sealed and super scribed and must be sent as under: 

Details to be mentioned exactly on sealed envelop 

TENDER DETAILS 

 Notice No.: SUDA / CB/02/2018-2019 
 Bid for Supply, Installation,Configuration 

and Integration of Networking 

Equipments. 

 Last date of OnlineSubmission: 
23-04-2018 up to 18:00hrs. 

To, 

The Executive Engineer, 

Surat Urban developement Authority , 

Suda Bhavan, B/H old M.S 

Building . Nanpura, Surat, 395001 

 
• Last date of PhysicalSubmission: 

30-04-2018 up to 18.:00 hrs. 
 

 

The envelope containing EMD, Bid Fee must be sent strictly by Postal Speed Post 

orRegistered Post AD only so as to reach on or before 30-04-2018 up to 18:00 hrs. Bids 

received in any other manner or mode (like courier, by person, etc.) will not be 

considered. SUDA  won’t be responsible for postal delays. 

TECHNICAL BID & PRICE BID 

The technical bid & price bid must be submitted online.  It should not to be sent 

physically, if submitted physically the bid shall be rejected. 

 The bidder will be bound by the details furnished to SUDA, while submitting the bid or at 

subsequent stage. In case, any of such documents furnished by the bidder is found to be 

false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract making him/her 

liable to legal action besides termination ofcontract. 

 Late Bids: Bids not reaching on or before the specified time limit will not beaccepted. 

 Conditional Bids: All the terms and conditions mentioned herein must be strictly adhered 

to by all bidders. Conditional tenders shall not be accepted on any ground and shall be 

subject to rejection without assigning any reason. 

 Withdrawal ofBids 

Bid once filled in, submitted shall not be allowed to be withdrawn till the validity of the bid 



 
16 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

remains in force or else the EMD shall be liable for forfeiture. 

 Period ofValidity 

The offer should be valid for acceptance for a minimum period of 120 days from the date 

ofopeningofthePriceBid.Ifrequired,SUDAmayrequestthebiddertohaveitextendedfor a 

furtherperiod. 

 Language ofBids 

ThebidspreparedbythebiddershallbeintheEnglishlanguage.Thesupportingdocuments in 

language other than English/Hindi/Gujarati must have its English translation (which is to 

be duly attested by the bidder), for purposes of interpretation of the bid, the English 

translation shallgovern. 

 Right To Accept or Reject Any Bid or AllBids 

SUDAreservestherighttoacceptorrejectanybidandannulthebiddingprocessandreject all bids 

at any time prior to award of contract, without thereby incurring any liability to the 

affectedbidderorbiddersoranyobligationtoinformtheaffectedbidderorbiddersofthe ground 

for SUDA’saction. 

 Firm Prices & BidCurrency 

Prices quoted must be firm and final and shall not be subject to any upward modifications, 

on any account whatsoever. Prices shall be expressed in Indian Rupees (INR) only. 

 Costs to be Borne byBidder 

All costs and expenses (whether in terms of time or money) incurred by the bidder in any 

wayassociatedwiththedevelopment,preparationandsubmissionofthebid,includingbut not 

limited to attendance at meetings, discussions, demonstrations, etc. and providing any 

additionalinformationrequiredbySUDA,willbeborneentirelyandexclusivelybythebidder. 

 Acceptance of Terms & Conditions 

The bidder will, by taking participation in the bidding process and submitting the bid 

documents, be deemed to have thoroughly read, studied and understood the bid 

documents including scope of work, the terms and conditions, instructions, etc. referred 

there in and the same are acceptable to the bidder. 

 All entries in the bid form should be legible and filled clearly. If the space for furnishing 

informationisinsufficient,aseparatesheetdulysignedbytheauthorizedsignatorymaybe 

attached. However, the interlineations, erasures or overwriting, if any, in the Technical Bid 

Application must be attested by the person authorized to sign thebids. 

 Itistobeensuredthatthecompleteinformationasrequiredbythisofficemaybefurnished by the 

bidders in the prescribed format. Formats submitted with incomplete information and not 

conforming to the requirements are liable to berejected. 

 Theagencywillbeboundbythedetailsfurnishedbyhim/herto SUDAwhilesubmittingthe 

bidoratsubsequentstage.Incase,anyofsuchdocumentsfurnishedbytheagencyisfound to be 

false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract making him/her 

liable to legal action besides termination ofcontract. 



 
17 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 The participation in the online tendering process implies that the bidder have thoroughly 

read,studiedandunderstoodtheinstructionsoftheBiddocuments,Scopeofwork,formats as 

well as the terms and conditions referred there in and the same are acceptable to the 

bidder. 

 AuthorizedSignatory 

For the purpose of submission of the bid, the bidder may be represented by either the 

Principal Officer (Owner/MD/Director/Company Secretary) or his duly Authorized 

Representative, in which case he/she shall submit a certificate of authority along with the 

technical bid. All certificates and documents (including any clarifications sought and any 

subsequent correspondences) received hereby, shall, as far as possible, be furnished and 

signed by the authorized representative or the principal officer. 

 Arithmetical errors will be rectified on the following basis. If there is a discrepancy 

betweentheunitpriceandthetotalpricethatisobtainedbymultiplyingtheunitpriceand quantity, 

the unit price shall prevail and the total price shall be corrected. If the supplier 

doesnotacceptthecorrectionoftheerrors,itsbidwillberejected.Ifthereisadiscrepancy between 

words and figures, the amount in words willprevail. 

 Disqualifications: A Bidder shall be disqualified and Bids will not be consideredif 
 

a) Hardcopy envelop does not show on it the reference of bid number and description as 

denotedandthusgetsopenedbeforeduedate(s)ofopeningspecifiedinNoticeInviting Bids. 

b) ThePriceBidandTechnicalBidissubmittedphysicallywhichleadstorevelationofprices before 

the due date of opening of the PriceBid. 

c) The Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) & Bid fee is not deposited in the manner specified 

above Clause 2.11. 

d) The Bid documents are not in a language as per Clause2.17. 

e) The Bid documents are not signed affixing stamp by the authorizedsignatory. 

f) The Bid documents submitted are incomplete and/or ambiguous in anyrespect. 

g) Non-compliance of provisions and requirements of the Biddocuments. 

h) Any or all correction(s) or pasted slip(s) is/are not initialled, authenticated by theBidder. 

i) The Bid documents are not submitted in the manner specified in the biddocument. 

j) Eligibility criteria are not metwith. 

k) Anyformofcanvassing/lobbying/influence/queryregardingshortlisting,status,etc.will 

result in adisqualification. 

 

 
 

Executive Engineer  

SuratUrban Development Authority 



 
18 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

3. EligibilityCriteria  

 The bidder must possess the requisite experience, strength and capabilities in providing  the 

equipments necessary to meet the broad requirements, as described in the bid  

 document. 

 The bidder interested in being considered for this bid must meet the following eligibility 

 criteria. 

 The bidder should have completed at least 10 years of experience/operation in the field 

of supply, installation and Commissioning of Network Equipments (like LAN Switches, 

Servers, Firewall, EPBAX System, CCTV Sysem, Data Centre) from bid start date and 

should have local office inSurat. 

 Bidder should have a minimum average annual turnover not less than Rs. 20.0 Cr. for last 

three financial years i.e. FY 2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY2014-15. 

 Positive Network of bidder should be equal to or above tender value for all 3 (Three) 

years (Financial). 

  

 The bidder should have completed/ undertaken assignments of Supplying and 

Implementing Network range of products (Networks Devices like (like LAN Switches, 

Servers, Firewall, EPBAX System, CCTV Sysem, Data Centre) etc.) during last three 

years (for this purpose financial years would be FY 2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY2014-15: 

  

 One similar completed works costing not less than the amount equal to 80 % of the 

estimated cost. (i.e. 80% of Rs. 1,81,07,003.00 = 1,44,85,602.40 Lakhs) OR 

 Two similar completed works costing not less than the amount    equal to 50 % of the         

estimated  cost. (i.e. 50% of Rs.  1,81,07,003.00 =   90,53,501.50 Lacks)  OR 

Three similar completed works costing not less than the amount equal to 40 % of the 

estimates cost. (i.e. 40% of Rs. 1,81,07,003.00  =  72,42,801.20 Lacks) 

 
 Thebiddershallbethemanufacturer/OEMoftheNetworkingequipmentsspecified.Incase the 

bidder is not manufacturer/OEM, the bidder should be duly authorized by the 

manufacturer/OEM to supply the goods/equipments by submitting Manufacturer's 

Authorization as per Section 7 Annexure C, FormA. 

 Thebiddershouldnotbeblack-listed/debarredbyanyoftheGovernmentorPublicSector 

Units in India as on the date of the submission of thetender. 

 The bidder should furnish Bid Fee and an Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) as per Clause No. 

2.11. 

 The bidder should furnish Solvency Certificate amounting 20% of the consideration 

of the Contract from a scheduled/nationalisedbank. 



 
19 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 Similar projects  those the bidder  are completed visited by consultant/Authority  if 

it requires . The visit plan  including of all travelling expenses should be provided by 

the bidder for verification. All indicated products & its makes approved by 

Consultant & SUDA Authority.  

 

Note: 

Bidders who wish to participate in this bid will have to register on www.nprocure.com 

Further bidders who wish to participate in online bids will have to procure Digital 

Certificate as per Information Technology Act 2000 using which they can sign their 

electronicbids. Bidders can procure the same from (n) code solutions – a division of GNFC 

Ltd., or any other agency licensed by Controller of Certifying Authority, Govt. of India. 

Bidders who already have a valid Digital Certificate need not procure a new 

DigitalCertificate. 



 
20 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

4. Indicative list of Documents to besubmitted  

Following documents shall be submitted in soft copy online by the bidder so as to ascertain the 

claims made. Following is the indicative list of documents that are to be submitted. 
 

# Description of Requirement Proof Required to be 

Submitted 

1. The bidder must have completed at least 10 years of 

experience/operation in the field of supply, installation and 

Commissioning of Network Equipments (like (like LAN 

Switches, Servers, Firewall, EPBAX System, CCTV Sysem, 

DATA Centre)) from bid start date and should have local 

office in Surat. 

Copy of work order / 

Completion certificate/ 

Contract certificate 

issued by client clearly 

specifying Bidders 

Name, details of Work, 

Date of issue of 

respective document. 

 

Proof of address for 

local office in Surat. 

2. Bidder should have a minimum average annual turnover 

not lessthanRs.20.0 Cr for last three financial years i.e. FY 

2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY2014-15. 

Copy of Audited 

Balance sheet of Last 3 

Financial Years. 

3. The bidder should have completed/ undertaken 

assignments of Supplying and Implementing 

Network range of products (Networks Devices like 

Routers, Switches, Firewall/UTMs, Access Points,Date 

Centre etc.) during last three years (for this purpose 

financial years would be FY 2016-17, FY 2015-16, FY 

2014-15:  

 

One similar completed works costing not less than the 

amount equal to 80 % of the estimated cost. (i.e. 80% 

of Rs. 1,81,07,003.00 = 1,44,85,602.40 Lakhs) 

OR 

Two similar completed works costing not less  than the 

amount    equal to 50 % of the         estimated  

cost. (i.e. 50% of Rs. 1,81,07,003.00 =   90,53,501.50 

Lacks) 

OR 

Three similar completed works costing not less than the 

amount equal to 40 % of the estimates cost. (i.e. 40% of 

Rs. 1,81,07,003.00  =  72,42,801.20 Lacks) 

Copy of work order / 

Completion certificate/ 

Contract / Performance 

certificate issued by 

client clearly specifying 

Bidders Name, details 

of Work, Date of issue, 

amount of 

contract/work order 

value. 



 
21 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

 

4. The bidder shall be the manufacturer/OEM of the 

Networking equipments specified. In the case the bidder 

is not manufacturer/OEM, the bidder should be duly 

authorized by the manufacturer/OEM to supply the 

goods/equipments by 

submitting Manufacturer's Authorization as per Section 7 

Annexure C, Form A. 

Submit Authorization 

letter from OEM as per 

format at Section – 7, 

Part – C (Form – A: 

Authorization Letter 

from OEM). 

5. Information of Authorized Signatory / Contact Person as per 

Section–5, Item No 3. 

Self-Declaration in this 

regard by the 

  authorized signatory of 

the bidder. 

6. The bidder should not be black-listed / debarred by any 

of the Government or Public Sector Units in India as on 

the date of the submission of the tender. 

Compliance letter/ 

Self- declaration / 

Undertaking by bidder 

as per Section – 7, 

Form–B. 

7. EMD & Bid Fee. As per Section 2, Item 

No 2.11. 

8. Solvency Certificate amounting 20% of the consideration 

of the Contract from a scheduled/nationalised bank. 

Solvency Certificate 

as per Section –5, 

Item No 

5.11. 

9. Compliance with technical specification as mentioned in 

Section – 6 

Duly filled Section – 6 

[Technical Specification] 

must be submitted 

separately on OEM’s 

letter head as well as on 

Bidder’s letter head. The 

same must be duly 

signed and stamped by 

authorized person. 

10. Product literature Technical 

details/brochures / 

specification sheet of 

bided products 

11. Goods & Service Tax Registration Nos. Copy of the Goods & 

Service Tax (GST) 

Registration 

Certificate duly 



 
22 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

notarized 

* Note: Additional documents other than above if any, required for supporting the claims 

made by the bidder should be attached. 



 
23 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

5. General Terms andConditions  

 The prices/charges quoted should alsoinclude: 

a. Cost of necessary power cables, signal cables, connectors, controllers and 

necessary devicedrivers. 

b. Warranty as specified in Technical Specification section for each item including 

service and parts. Warranty of particular Item will be start from the date of 

delivery/supply to SUDA upto 3 years. 

c. Delivery&InstallationatVariousSUDA 

officeslocatedthroughoutthecityoratanyother office to be decided by theSUDA. 

d. Transit Insurance, Freight and loading, unloading charges up to SUDA’s sitelocation. 

e. Supplying, Installation, testing, commissioning and Configuration & Integration with 

existing/Proposed  LAN & WAN ofSUDA. 

 OEM / Implementation Partner ParticipationCriteria 

i. Thebiddershallbethemanufacturerortheauthorizedserviceproviderorauthorized 

service partner of the hardware quoted. 

ii. The bidder will be required to submit a manufacturer’s authorization form from all the 

OEMs stating that the bidder in concern would be bidding for their products/solutions 

and have to provide “Authorization Letter from OEM” (as per Form 'A') in soft copy 

online on https:/.nprocure.com on its letter head duly signed by the authorized 

signatory. 

iii. TheOEMforallactivecomponentsshouldmentioninauthorizationletterthatproducts 

ortechnologyquotedareneitherendofsalenorendoflifeandarenotendofsupport till the 

successful completion of warranty period mentioned in thistender. 

iv. Bidders are required to specify only one specific make and model of each item and 

provide the details in the Technical bid. Providing more than one option shall not be 

allowed. 

 The bidder has to submit the “Self-Declaration” as per the Performa of Compliance Letter 

(as per Form 'B') in soft copy online on https://SUDA.nprocure.com on its letter head duly 

signed by the authorized signatory. 

 The offer should be valid for acceptance for a minimum period of 120 days from the date 

of opening of the Price Bids. If desired by SUDA, it will have to be extended for a further 

periodalso. 

 RateContract: 

The above network equipments will be required for connecting various deptsof SUDA. The 

work for establishing network  connectivity with these offices has already been awarded. 

The requirement of these devices will come up as and when the connectivity to 

theselocationsiscommissioned.Hence,theworkorderwillbeissuedinstaggeredmanner over a 

period of time. 



 
24 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

Theapprovedrateoftheselectedbiddershallbeconsideredastheratesunderratecontract 

andthesamewillbevalidfortheperiodofOneyearfromdateoffirstworkorder.SUDAwill use this 

rates for procurement in desired quantity during the rate validity period i.e. one year. 

 Thequantitiesshowninthetenderareapproximateandno claim shall be entertained for 

variation of quantities being less or more than those mentioned in the bid. The variations 

in the quantities shall not vitiate the contract. The selected bidder shall be bound to 

supply additional quantity up to 30% (thirty percent) of tender amount/quantity at the 

approved rate, in accordance to any instruction, which may 

begiventohiminwritingbySUDA.Theratesquotedbythebidderwillbeapplicable onfull 

/ partial /additional quantity also. 

 The Bidder may participate in the bid by quoting for one, more or all the items 

depending on his techno-commercial capability to supply & support that range 

ofproducts. 

 The right to reject accepts any/all Bids(s) without assigning any reason thereof isreserved. 

 IncasethequotedItemisnotavailablein themarket,thebidderwillhavetosupply Higher 

Version/replacement of that Item in the quoted cost in the same time duration with prior 

approvalofSUDA.No“EndofLife”productshouldbequotedtominimizesuchinstancestill 

thebidvalidity(Make&Modelquotedbythebiddershouldbeavailabletillthebidvalidity, duly 

supported for spares/OEM support for 5years). 

 SecurityDeposit: 

ThesuccessfulagencywillberequiredtoplaceSecurityDeposit@5%oftheconsideration 

of the Contract by Demand Draft or Banker's Cheque Payable at Surat in favour of 

Chief Executive Authority, SUDA 

ofanyscheduled/nationalizedbankwithin10workingdaysfromthe date of notice of 

award of contact, failing which a penalty @ 0.065% of the amount of security 

deposit will be imposed for delay of each day. The EMD placed may be considered 

forconversiontowardsthesecuritydepositandamountfallingshortoftherequiredamount shall 

be payable. No interest shall be paid on Earnest Money Deposit and/ or Security Deposit 

placed. 

 SolvencyCertificate 

Along with the technical bid documents, the bidder should submit Solvency 

Certificate amounting 20% of the consideration of the Contract from a 

scheduled/nationalized bank. The Solvency Certificate should valid and should not 

be older than one year from the bid start date. 

 Incase,theawardeei.e.theselectedagencyfailstosupplyspecifiedquantityandqualityof goods 

in time or the performance of such supply/supplies is/are not found up to the mark or 

found of an inferior quality vis-à-vis specifications, the security deposit will be forfeited at 

once. 



 
25 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

 Agreement & Undertaking: 

The Awardee i.e. the selected agency will have to enter into an Agreement and submit an 

UndertakingwithSUDA forsupplyofgoodsandits/theirinstallation,Commissioningetc.on a 

Rs.100/- stamp paper of Government of Gujarat at the agency's own cost within 10 (Ten) 

working days (of SUDA) period from the date of Notice of Award. No claims for payments 

will be entertained without completion of thisprocess. 

 TAXLIABILITY 

GST(Goods&ServiceTax)hascomeinexistencefrom1stJuly2017.Contractor/Successful 

BidderisboundtopayanyamountofGSTprescribedbytheGovt.ofIndiaaspertheTerms of 

Contract agreed upon during the course of execution of thisContract. 

During the course of execution of Contract, if there is any change in Rate of GST (Goods & 

Service Tax) by the Government, the same shall be reimbursed / recovered separately by 

SUDA,subjecttothesubmissionofOriginalReceipt/Proofoftheamountsactuallyremitted 

bytheSuccessfulTenderer/ContractortotheCompetentAuthorityalongwithaCertificate from 

Chartered Accountant of Contractor / Successful Bidder certifying that the amount of GST 

paid to the Government and the same shall be intimated / submitted / claimed within 

30(Thirty)Daysfromthedateofpayment.RemittanceofGSTwithinstipulatedperiodshall be the 

sole responsibility of the Successful Bidder / Contractor, failing which SUDA may recover 

the amount due, from any other payable dues with SUDA and decision of Municipal 

CommissionershallbefinalandbindingontheContractor/SuccessfulBidderinthisregard. 

Further,thenon-paymentofGSTtotheGovernmentmayleadtotheterminationofcontract and 

forfeiture of Security Deposit / Performance GuaranteeAmount. 

IfimpositionofanyothernewTaxes/Duties/Levies/Cessoranyotherincidentalsetc.orany 

increase in the existing Taxes/Duties/Levies/Cess or any other incidentals etc. (excluding 

GST) are imposed during the course of the contract, the same shall be borne by the 

Contractor/Successful Bidder Only, in no case SUDA shall be liable for thesame. 

The contractor will submit the invoice to the SUDA having GSTIN of SUDA mentioned 

therein and the taxes shall be shown separately on the face of the invoice so as to claim by 

SUDA. 

SUDA  GST Provisional ID/ Registration Number  

 Technicaldetails/Datasheetsofgoodstobesuppliedshallbesubmittedalongwiththe Bid. 

 Manuals relating to Hardware/Peripherals shall besupplied. 

 It shall be noted that the lowest rate(s)/price(s) will not be the sole criterion for accepting 

Bidforanyofthegoodsbutemphasiswillbegiventothequalityoftheproductsandeven the 

readiness to offer innovative technologythereof. 

 Any offer/Bid not meeting the terms and conditions mentioned hereinabove will be liable 

for rejection without assigning any reasonthereof. 

 Delivery schedule: 



 
26 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

The successful agency shall deliver, install, configure and integrate the goods as 

detailedin this Bid within 90 calendar days from the date of the Work/Purchase 

order. A penalty of 0.2% of the consideration of contract for a 

particularitemwillbechargedfordelayedsupply and installation for delay of each 

daythereafter. 

 The agency shall extend all the benefits to the SUDA such as free samples of products, 

materials, goods, articles including any kind of discount, rebate, commission, incentives 

normally offered to any other buyer in the form of gift or otherwise as part of the sales 

promotion scheme(s). If any such sales promotion scheme(s) is /are already launched for 

the product and is/are in force while the Bid process is on, mention of details of such 

scheme(s) must be made explicitly in theoffer. 

 The liability as to any damages and/or loss otherwise to any movable or immovable 

properties, assets during loading, unloading or otherwise during the period of supply, 

whether knowingly or unknowingly done or occurred shall be made good forthwith to the 

SUDA  by the Awardee agency upon a communication madetherefore. 

 The contract shall be governed by the Laws in India and shall be subject to the jurisdiction 

ofSurat. 

 Bid once filled in, submitted shall not be allowed to be withdrawn till the validity of the bid 

remains in force or else the EMD shall be liable for forfeiture. The agency is expected to 

examine the Bid Document carefully. Failure to furnish all information required as per the 

Bid Document may result in the rejection of the bid. 

 Theagencywillbeboundbythedetailsfurnishedbyhim/hertoSUDA ,whilesubmittingthe 

bidoratsubsequentstage.Incase,anyofsuchdocumentsfurnishedbytheagencyisfound to be 

false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract making him/her 

liable to legal action besides termination ofcontract. 

 On commissioning of the product, the successful agency shall ensure maximum uptime for 

the product/service during warranty period. The call must be attended within 4 working 

hours and problem to be resolved within 8 working hours of reporting by eitherrepairing 

or replacing the Switch/Hardware with same or higher configuration in case of product 

replacement is required. Failing which a penalty as per below mentioned rate will be 

deducted from the amount payable and/or security deposit for each day ofdowntime 

Delay >8 Hrs. to 3 working days Penalty at 0.5% of the product cost per day 

Delay beyond 3 working days Penalty at 1% of the product cost per day 

If any component/equipment gives continuous trouble, the bidder shall replace the same 

with the new compatible component/equipment of the same or higher configuration 

without any additional cost to the purchaser 

 Allgoodstobesuppliedshallbeofspecifiedorhigherspeed/technology/version.TheSUDA or its 

representative shall have the right (if it so desires) to test the goods to 



 
27 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

ascertaintheirconformity to the specifications. The SUDA shall notify to the agency for this 

purpose & nature. 

 Terms of Payment: SUDA will not make any advance payment. Payment will be made 

once theorderedproductsaredeliveredandinstalled.TheSecurityDepositwillbereleasedonly 

after the successful completion of the minimum warranty period of fiveyears. 

• 50% in 15 days of FullSupply. 

• 25% after installing and configuring of the equipments satisfactory in 15 days.  

• 15% after 90 days after submitting the satisfactory report by consultant/Suda 

Authority.  

• 2.5 % on completion of 1st year ofwarranty. 

• 2.5 % on completion of 2nd  year ofwarranty. 

• 2.5 % on completion of 3nd  year ofwarranty. 

• 2.5 % on completion of 4th  year ofwarranty. 

 The CEO, SUDA Authority reserves the right to reject, accept any/all bid(s) without 

assigning any reasonthereof. 

 The participation in the online tendering process implies that the bidder have thoroughly 

read,studiedandunderstoodtheinstructionsoftheBiddocuments,Scopeofwork,formats as 

well as the terms and conditions referred there in and the same are acceptable to the 

bidder. 

 Theagencywillbeboundbythedetailsfurnishedbyhim/herto SUDA,whilesubmittingthe tender 

or at subsequent stage. In case, any of such documents furnished by the agency is found 

to be false at any stage, it would be deemed to be a breach of terms of contract making 

him/her liable to legal action besides termination ofcontract. 

 The total penalty could be up to 10% of the Consideration of Contract and the decision of 

the SUDA shall be treated as final in suchcases. 

 Consortium or JV orSub-contracting 

The Bidder is NOT allowed to form Consortium or Joint Venture for any specific service 

within the scope of the tender. Sub-contracting is also NOT be permitted. 

 If it is found that the same firm has submitted multiple bids under different names for the 

proposed contract, all such tender(s) shall stand rejected and bid deposit of each such 

firm/establishment shall be forfeited. In addition, such firms/establishments shall be liable, 

at the discretion of the SUDA  for further penal action including blacklisting. 

 ThebiddershallindemnifySUDAfromandagainstanycosts,loss,damages,expense,claims 

including those from third parties or liabilities of any kind howsoever suffered, arising or 

incurred inter alia during and after the Contract period outof: 

• any negligence or wrongful act or omission by the bidder or any third party associated 

with bidder in connection with or incidental to this Contract;or 

• any breach of terms as stated in the bid document, the bidder’s Bid and the Contract 

with thebidder 



 
28 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

• Anyinfringementofpatent,trademark/copyrightorindustrialdesignrightsarisingfrom the 

use of the supplied goods and related services or any partthereof. 

 

6. Technical (minimum)Specification  

• TheBiddermayparticipateinthebidbyquotingforalltheitemsdepending on his techno-

commercial capability to supply & support that range of products. Bidders are required 

to mention make & Model of theproduct. 

• The bidder must clearly specify the features of the offered product vis-à-vis specification 

and deviation if any in the Column-C and Column-Drespectively. 

• The exact make and model of the product offered must be specified in theColumn-E. 

• The technical spec sheet and the product brochure of the product offered should also be 

submitted along with technicalbid. 

• Incasethespaceprovidedisnotsufficientthenaseparatepaperaspertheformatbelow can be 

annexed to the bid. The same must be duly signed andstamped. 

• The Technical Specification Sheet must be submitted separately on OEM’s letter head(for 

Said Items) as well as on Bidder’s letter head (for all items). The same must be duly 

signed and stamped by authorized person of respectiveentity. 
 

Item 

No. 

Description and Minimum Specification Matched/ 

[Yes/No] 

Deviation 

from 

Specification 

/Remarks 

if Any 

Specify 

Make 

and 

Model 

A B C D E 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
29 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

Sr.    

No.   

Particulars of item and details of work 

Unit Qty. 

          

          

1 MR 

LAN Switch 24 x 10/100/1000 plus 2 x 1000Mbps SFP Make: 

CISCO/ HP /Juniper   Supplying, Installing, Configuring with 

security & VLAN        
No's 24 

    

•      24 x RJ-45 auto-negotiating 10/100/1000 ports (IEEE 802.3 

Type 10BASE-T, IEEE 802.3u Type 100BASE-TX, and IEEE 802.3ab 

Type 1000BASE-T).  
    

    •     Minimum 2 x 1000 BASE-X SFP Fiber ports combination.     

    

•     Auto-negotiation for speed, duplex mode and flow control & 

Manual for 10M Half/Full/100M Half/Full. 
    

    •     Auto-MDI/MDIX.     

    •      IEEE 802.3X flow control.     

    

•     Integrated LEDs for improved visual monitoring and analysis. 
    

    

•      Warranty : Minimum 5 Years OEM Comprehensive Warranty 

with parts .     

    •      Chassis: 1U, rack-mounting kit included     

    •      Power: Power supply AC 230 V ( 50/60 Hz )     

          

2 MR 

POE LAN Switch 24x 10/100/1000 plus 2x 1000Mbps SFP 

Maximum Power above 30 Watts .Make: Cisco / HP make 

/Juniper   Supplying, Installing, Configuring with security & VLAN      No's 8 

    

•      24 x RJ-45 auto-negotiating 10/100/1000 ports (IEEE 802.3 

Type 10BASE-T, IEEE 802.3u Type 100BASE-TX, and IEEE 802.3ab 

Type 1000BASE-T). 
    

    •     Minimum 2 x 1000 BASE-X SFP Fiber ports combination.     

    

•     Auto-negotiation for speed, duplex mode and flow control & 

Manual for 10M Half/Full/100M Half/Full. 
    

    •     Auto-MDI/MDIX.     

    •      IEEE 802.3X flow control.     

    

•     Integrated LEDs for improved visual monitoring and analysis. 
    

    

•  Warranty : Minimum 5 Years OEM Comprehensive Warranty 

with parts . 
    



 
30 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    •      Chassis: 1U, rack-mounting kit included     

    •      Power: Power supply AC 230 V ( 50/60 Hz )     

          

3 MR 

All SFP Switch L3 24x 10/100/1000 plus 4x 1000Mbps LAN RJ45 

Manageable Switch  Supplying, Installing, Configuring with 
security & VLAN  .(Make: Cisco / HP make /Juniper  ) 

No's 2 

          

    

Interfaces: Product Shouls Have a 26 x 10Base-T/100Base-

TX/1000Base-T - SFP, 4 x RJ-45 
    

    

Voltage Required: Product Shouls Have a Require Voltage AC 

120/230 V ( 50/60 Hz ) 
    

    

Device Type and Managibility :- Switch - 28 ports - L3 - managed- 

Stackable 
    

    

Maximum Operating Temperature: Product Shouls Have a 

Maximum Operating Temperature 104 F 
    

    

Rack-Mount Specification:- Product Should Have a Rack Mount 23 

in. (58.4 cm) EIA 
    

    

Rack-Mount Kit :  Product Should Have a Rack Mount Kit Inbuilt 
    

    

Routing Protocol: Product Should Have a Support Static IPv4 

routing 
    

    

Performance: Product Should Have a  Switching Capacity 72Gbps 

and forwarding Capacity 41.67 
    

    Cables Included: Product Should Have a 1x Serial Cable     

    

Jumbo Frame Support::- Product Should Have a Support Jumbo 

Frame Support of 10 KB 
    

    

Authentication Method: Product Should Have a Authentication 

Method like Secure Shell (SSH), RADIUS and TACACS+     

    Flash Memory: Product Should Have a 32 MB Flash Memory     

    Ram: Product Should Have a 256 MB RAM     

    

Status Indicators: Product Should Have a Status Indicatior of  Link 

activity, port transmission speed, system 
    

    

MAC Address Table Size: Product Should Have a MAC Adress 

Table Size of 16k entries 
    

    

Capacity: Product Should Have a capacity to 4K Active VLANs 
    

    

Ports - Product Should Have a 24 x 10/100/1000 + 2 x combo 

Gigabit SFP + 2 x SFP 
    

          

4     8F 8T 16 PORT 10 G Switch10 gb switch Nos 1 



 
31 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    8x 10 Gigabit Ethernet 10GBase-T copper port     

    8x 10 Gigabit Ethernet SFP+ (dedicated)     

    1 x Gigabit Ethernet management port     

          

5    SFP 1 GB Module  (Make: Cisco / HP make /Juniper or  ) Nos 70 

          

6    SFP 10 GB Module  (Make: Cisco / HP make /Juniper or  ) Nos 8 

          

7   

 10 G Copper Patch Cord (5 Mts) Make:- Molex,/ Amp-

Tyco/DGLink Suppling & Installing .  
Nos 8 

          

8 MR 

Wall Mounted 15U Rack for Switch. with all Accessories, 12 No's 

Of Power sockets and exhaust fans Make: Val rack / Spider   or  

Supplying And  Installing. 
Nos 20 

    Height available :  15U     

    Width : 550mm ( Internal 19" )     

    Depth Available :  600mm      

    Standard Accessories : Cantilever Tray, Fix Shelf, Cooling Fans, 

Power Distribution Unit, Equipment Mounting Hardware, Cable 

Managers, Blank Panels 

    

        

    
    

    

Usability : Computer Networking, DVR equipments, Audio Visual 

Equipments, TV Radio Broadcasting Equipments and other 19” 

electronic, telecom . 
    

    

Rack Standard : Conforms to DIN 41494 or equivalent standard 
    

    Construction : Welded     

    Front Door : Lockable Toughened Glass Door     

    Basic Frame : Steel     

    Equipment Mounting : DIN Standard Slots     

    

Mounting Angle : 19” Mounting angles made of formed steel 
    

    Standard Finish : Powder Coated     

    

Top and Bottom Cover : Welded to Frame, Vented and Field Cable 

entry exit cut outs 
    

    Standard Color : Grey or Black     

    Static Load : 40 kgs.     

          

9 MR 

DATACENTRE RACKS  WITH METER PDU ( Make: Emerson /Rittal   
Nos 1 

          

    
Automatic Regulatory Apparatus for IT Systems, SC 26 (SMART CABINET)   1 



 
32 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Main Option Class, Automatic Regulatory Apparatus for IT 

Systems, SC 210 AC 
    

    Cooling Option Class, Smart Cabinet Solution     

    

RCU, 1.0TR, 230 Vac, 50 Hz, R410A, Rotary with Coated 

Condenser Coil, Air Conditioning Machine 
  2 

    Low side work for PAC upto 20mtr piping  MTR 20 

    Rack Accessories Option Class, Smart Cabinet Solution     

    Subassembly, Rack & Accessories, SC-2-3-RC /SC-2-7-RC   1 

    

Assembly, 42 U Server/Network Rack 800(W) x 1000(D); Front 

Glass Door & Rear Plain Door, with side panels for Smart Cabinet   1 

    

Assembly, 42 U Server/Network Rack 800(W) x 1000(D); Front 

Glass Door & Rear Plain Door, without side panels for Smart 

Cabinet 
  1 

    

Keyboard Tray For Server Rack with Brackets for 500mm Depth 

for 1000D panel (RAL 7021), PNR HD rack 
  1 

    Kit, Sheet metal, Smart Cabinet, SC-26-AC   1 

    Insulation Kit for Smart Cabinet SC-13-AC & SC-26-AC   1 

    Sticker, Smart Solutions   2 

    RCU Air Deflector Assembly   2 

    Panel, Blanking, 1U, Tool Less, Universal   50 

    

Vertical Socket strip with 12 nos of IEC C13 Sockets & 4 nos of IEC 

C19 Socket with 2.5 mtr power chord with 32A  MCB. RAL 9005   4 

    Monitoring Option Class, Smart Cabinet Solution-RDU-A     

    Subassembly, RDU &  Monitoring of SC-2-3 /SC-2-7 1 1 

    RDU-A G2 1 1 

    Serial Temp & Hum Sensor IRMS02TH-－－－－RDU-A-S02TH 4 4 

    

Functional modules-IRMS04DIF-four digital signal acquisition 

(IRM-S04DIF) - RDU-A-4DI-RJ45 
2 2 

    

Water sensor-12V~24VDC/NORMAO LOW--10~60°C -RDU-A-

S01W(5m length) 
1 1 

    Sound and Flash LED Alarm-12Vdc/70Ma/Rj45--10~60℃ 1 1 

    Smoke Detective Sensor 2 2 

    

Door status sensor-black-normal close-RJ45-500mA/40~70mm--

10~51℃ 
2 2 

    USB camera for RDU-A w/o recording only live monitoring 1 1 

    Transit Cable, of Smoke Detector, CAT5 with TE Jack   2 

    

Subassembly, Electrical Accesories of SC-2-3-RC U6 2N/SC-2-3-

RC/SC-2-7/SC-2-7 U6 2N/SC-2-7 RC /SC-2-7 RC-DS 
  1 

    POD Device, 3kVA / 6kVA Smart Cabinet   1 



 
33 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Subassembly, Packaging of SC-2-3-RC2 U6 2N/SC-2-3-RC2/SC-2-7-

C2/SC-2-7-C2-U6 2N/SC-2-7 RC2/SC-27 RC2-DS 
  1 

    FM (Fire Systems)     

  

 

Kit, Fire Detection and  Suppression System, 3U, 19 Inch Rack 

Mount, 
  1 

    LIGHT FIXER (LED)   2 

    Super Switch (power Network switch- 6kva)   1 

    TVSS 50KA    1 

    Emerson make 2nos. 10kva UPS   2 

    

SMF Battery 12v-42ah,16nos.(EACH UPS) 30minutes Battery 

backup 
  32 

    Battery rack & Links 2 2 

    

Supply and Installation of False flooring 600mm * 600mm, should 

have min 1000kg distributed load barring capacity PER (sq.feet) 1 

    

upply and installation of Modular Metal False ceiling 600mm * 

600mm complete with all hardware and  accessories PER (sq.feet) 1 

13   Supply of Tile Lifter  1 1 

    

Cable Tray  (GI) 

PER(RUNING 

FEET) 
1 

    

Supply & Fixing of 19mm Thick Nitrile rubber thermal insulation 

for under false ceiling  PER (sq.feet) 1 

          

        

14   Installation & Commissioning Works 1   

    

 Installation Commissioning & Project Management Charges 
    

          

16   Rodent Repellant 1   

          

17 MR 

24 Port Jack Panel for Cat 6 Lan Cable  

Make: Molex/Tyco amp/D Link Supplying, Installing And 

Punching With Tagging.  Nos 24 

18   

RJ45 I/O  WITH FACE PLATE & SURFACE MOUNT  Make: 

Molex/Tyco amp/D Link Supplying, Installing And Punching With 

Tagging.  Nos 576 



 
34 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Characteristic : Min. Required  Specification     

  

  

Features :- Single Gang square plate, 86mmx86mmWrite on 

labels in transparent plastic window – supplied with plate Screw 

hole covers – to be supplied with plate Plug in Icons – Icon tree – 

to be supplied with plate Should be able to support variety of 

jacks – UTP, STP, Fiber, Coax etc. 

    

  INFORMATION OUTLET     

  Characteristic:-Min. Required  Specification     

  Category 6, TIA568B.2-1 – 250MHz     

  

All information outlets for 100 W, 22-24 AWG copper cable shall: 
    

    

Use insulation displacement connectors (IDC).  Allow for a 

minimum of 200 re-terminations without signal degradation 

below standards compliance limits. Be constructed of high 

impact, flame-retardant thermoplastic with color and icon 

options for better visual identification. Jack should be With spring 

loaded shutter with in-out effect. With Terminator cap.IDC posts 

should be pointed 

    

    

Mechanical Characteristics 

Jack Connector     

    

Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or 

equivalent 

Operating Life: Minimum 750 insertion cycles 

Contact Material: Copper Alloy 

Contact Plating: 50μ” Gold/100μ” Nickel 

Contact Force: 100g minimum 

Plug Retention Force: 15 lb. 

    

    
IDC Connector Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or 

    

    

Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or equivalent 

Operating Life: Minimum 200 reterminations  Contact Material: 

Copper Alloy IDC Contact Plating: Tin/Lead Plate Contact Force: 

100g minimum Wire Accommodation: 22-24 AWG solid     



 
35 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Electrical Characteristics 

Interface Resistance: 20 milliohms 

Initial Contact Resistance: 2.5 milliohms 

Insulation Resistance: >100 Megaohms 

Dimensions (mm): 23.5(H) x 17.9(W) x 30.53(D)                     

Weight: approx 27 gm                                                                                        

Standrads: TIA/EIA-568-C.2 Component Compliant, FCC Subpart F 

68.5 Compliant, IEC-603-7 Compliant, ISO 11801 Class E 

Compliant, ETL Verified for Category 6 Component Compliance & 

UL listed. 

    

    24 PORT JACK PANEL     

    Characteristic     

    Be made of powder coated steel, in 24 port configurations.     

    

Allow for a minimum of 200 re-terminations without signal 

degradation below standards compliance limit.Have port 

identification numbers on the front of the panel.Should have self 

adhesive, clear label holders (transparent plastic window type) 

and white designation labels with the panel, with optional color 

labels / icons. Should be upgradeable as Intelligent Patch Panel 

without changing the existing Patch Panel hardware and by 

simple retro fitting of intelligent sensors as and when required. 

    

    

Each port / jack on the panel should be individually removable on 

field from the panel. Should have integrated rear cable 

management shelf. Should be covered by ETL verification 

program for compliance with TIA 568B.2-1.  

    

    

Patch Panel Characteristics 

Material: CRS (cold rolled steel) 

Thickness: . 060" (1.52mm) 

Coating: Graphite Grey Powdercoat.  

    

    

Mechanical Characteristics 

Jack Connector 

Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 

rated or equivalent 

Operating Life: Minimum 750 insertion cycles 

Contact Material: Copper Alloy 

Contact Plating: 50μ” Gold/100μ” Nickel 

Contact Force: 100g minimum 

Plug Retention Force: 15 lb. 

    

    IDC Connector     



 
36 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or     

    equivalent     

    Operating Life: Minimum 200 reterminations     

    Contact Material: Copper Alloy     

    IDC Contact Plating: Tin/Lead Plate     

    Contact Force: 100g minimum     

    Wire Accommodation: 22-24 AWG solid     

    

Dimensions: 24 Port with trays 44mm H x 483mm W x 98mm  

Weight : 1.2kg 
    

    

Standards: TIA/EIA-568-C.2 Component Compliant,  

FCC Subpart F 68.5 Compliant, IEC-603-7 Compliant,  

ISO 11801 Class E Compliant, ETL Verified for Category 6 

Component Compliance & UL Listed. 
    

    CAT 6 Patch cord     

    Characteristic :- Min. Required  Specification     

  

  

Cat 6 U/UTP patch cord for data networks for     

  10/100BASE-T and 1000BASE-T applicications.     

  

The patch cable should be made from high quality four pair 24 

AWG stranded copper wire. It should be available in a range 

preterminated with RJ45 plugs and feature anti-snag slim strain 

relief slip on boots. 4 pair 24 AWG stranded copper wire Pre-

terminated with WE8W plugs 

    

  

Slim clear anti-snag slip on boots Suitable for EIA 568A or 568B 

wiring with LS0H sheath and RoHS Compliant     

    

Mechanical Characteristics - Cable 

Conductor size: 24 AWG stranded copper 

wire 

Nom. O.D.: 5.9mm 

Sheath: LS0H 

Bend radius: 4X O.D. 

Operating temperature range: -20°C to 60°C 

    



 
37 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Mechanical Characteristics - Plug 

MIN operating life: 750 insertion cycles 

RJ45 plug and boot material: Clear polycarbonate 

Contact material: 0.35mm thick copper 

alloy 

Contact plating: Selective gold 

RJ45 plug dimensions compliant with: 

ISO/IEC 60603-7-4 and 

FCC 47 Part 68 

    

    Electrical Characteristics     

    Max voltage: 150 VAC (max)     

    Max current: 1.5A @ 25°C     

    Fire Propagation Tests:     

    LS0H Sheath: CSA FT1, IEC 60332-1, IEC 61034     

    Standards:      

    

ISO/IEC 11801:2002/Amd 2:2010 Cat 6-, TIA-568-C.2 Cat 6, ETL 

Verified 
    

          

19 MR 

RJ 45 Jack Patch Cord 1 Mtr.  

Approved Make : Molex / Amp Tyco.   Supplying, Installing And 

Punching With Tagging.  
Nos 576 

20 MR 

RJ 45 Jack Patch Cord 2 Mtr.  

Approved Make : Molex / Amp Tyco.   Supplying, Installing  
Nos 576 

    Technical Specification     

    

Type : Unshielded twisted pair cabling system, TIA / EIA 568-C.2 

Category 6 Cabling system 
    

  

  

Network support Supports ultrahigh speed data     

  networks such as Gigabit Ethernet     

  (1000 Base-T and 1000 Base-TX)     

  and beyond.     

    

TIA / EIA 568-B.1 ETL Verified, UL Listed andUL channel verified- 

All three Certificates are mandatory 
    

    IEEE 802.3ab :- Zero-bit Error, ETL verified     

    

Warranty :-25-year systems warranty; Warranty to cover 

Bandwidth of the specified and installed cabling system, and the 

installation costs. Site certificate must be issued by OEM      

    

Performance characteristics to be provided along with bid : 

Attenuation, Pair-to-pair and PS NEXT, ELFEXT and PSELFEXT, 

Return Loss, ACR and PS ACR for 4-connector channel     



 
38 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Manufacturer :All passive cabling must be from same OEM     

    Conductors : 23 AWG solid bare copper     

    Insulation : Polyethylene     

    Jacket PVC     

    Filler: PE     

  

  

UL Listed and UL Channel verified     

  Approvals :ETL verified to TIA / EIA Cat 6     

     Frequency tested up to :- 600 MHz minimum     

    Outer dia :-6.2 mm     

    Packing :- Box of 305 meters     

    shipping weight : 305m reel in a box 24kg     

    Impedance :-  100 Ohms + / - 15 ohms     

    

Performance characteristics to be provided along with bid :- 

Attenuation, Pair-to-pair and PS NEXT, ELFEXT and PSELFEXT, 

Return Loss, ACR and PS ACR 
    

    Delay Skew:  45ns Max     

    Impedance:  100 ± 15 Ohms     

    Current Rating:  1.5 A Max     

    Conductor DC Resistance:  66.5Ω/km     

    Voltage:  150VAC     

    NVP : 67%     

    Propagation delay:  535ns/100m @250MHz     

    Mutual Capacitance:  5.6nF/100m Nominal     

     Insulation Resistance: 500 MΩ Minimum     

    Dielectric Strength:  1000 V RMS     

    Contact Resistance:  10 mΩ Max     

    

Fire Propagation Test : UL 1581 VW1, IEC 60332.1, EN0256-2-1 
    

          

21 MR 

 Firewall supporting   /  Makes sophos , Fortinet  Supplying, 

Installing, Configuring with  security , VLAN , Internet Security 

Policies.  
Nos 1 

          

    BasicCriteria     

    

The quoted OEM for UTM should have presence in India from 
more than last five years.     

    OEM should have support Centre in India.     

    Appliance should have ICSA certification for Firewall.     

          

    ApplianceThroughput     

    Firewall through put of 30 Gbps or higher     



 
39 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    6 Gbps of Antivirus Throughput or higher     

    17,000,000 Concurrent sessions or higher     

    10 Gbps of IPS throughput or higher     

    200,000 New Sessions/second or higher     

    3 Gbps of IPsec VPN throughput or higher     

          

    GeneralFeatures     

    Unrestricted Users Creation     

          

22 MR 

 Wireless Access Point with Central console manageable from 

the firewall . Make: Makes sophos , Fortinet   /  Supplying, 

Installing, Configuring Wi-Fi Zones with security & VLAN  No's 20 

          

    

           The Access Point should support IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 

standards 
    

    

           Frequency of Radio 1 shall be 2.4 GHz b/g/n or 5 GHz a/n 

(Selectable) 
    

               Should have 4 Internal Antennas     

              Should have 1 x 10/100/1000 interface     

    Should support Power over Ethernet (PoE)  802.3af     

    Radio 1 Throughput: 300Mbps     

    Radio 2 Throughput: 800Mbps     

    Support 2x2 MIMO dual stream     

    Mobility     

    Should support L2 and L3 wireless controller discovery     

    

WME Multimedia Extensions  support 4 priority queues for voice, 

video, data and background traffic 
    

    Should support 14 Simultaneous SSIDs     

    

Support EAP-TLS EAP-TTLS/MSCHAPv2 EAPv0/EAP-MSCHAPv2 

PEAPv1/EAP-GTC EAP-SIM EAP-AKA EAP-FAST 
    

    Should support Tx power of 20dBm     

    

Solution should have support for Captive portal for guest 

authentication 
    

    Management     

    Solution should have support for RTLS integration     

    

Should be centrally managed through the wireless controller & 

not standalone 
    

    Should support web-based secured management interface     

    Support Wall mounting & ceiling mount options     

    Environment     



 
40 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Operating Temperature  32 – 104 ˚F (0 – 40 ˚C)     

    Low Voltage Directive , RoHS complaint     

    Warranty     

    

Should have Hardware warranty of atleast 5 years from day 1 
    

    Centrally Management     

    

It should be managed by asked wireless controller & must be of 

same OEM for easy integration 
    

          

23 MR 

SC-LC    5 Mtr Fiber Optic Cable Splicing Patch Cord Supplying &  

Installing.  Make: Molex/Tyco amp/D Link Supplying, Installing 

And Punching With Tagging.  
No's 65 

24 MR 

LC-LC 5 Mtr Fiber Optic Cable Splicing Patch Cord Supplying &  

Installing. Make: Molex/Tyco amp/D Link Supplying, Installing 

And Punching With Tagging.  

No's 50 

    

Optical Fibre Patch Cords Min. Required  Specification 

    

    

Optical Fibre Patch Cords should be with LSZH jacket as standard. 

Patch cords should be offer factory –controlled performance in a 

variety of connector, ISO performance standards and lengths. It 

has taken specific attention to the end-face geometry and fibre 

core alignment to ensure reliability and optimised performance 

    

    

Features and Benefits:  

 

100% Factory Tested – Guaranteed performance 

LS0H Jacket Standard – Reduces toxic/corrosive gasses emitted 

during combustion. Plenun and PVC 

also available 

Multiple Formats available - Available in Simplex, 

Duplex, Single Mode, Multi Mode and a variety of 

connector options 

    



 
41 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Mechanical Characteristics 

Cordage O.D.: 2.0mm +/- 0.1mm x 

4.1mm +/- 0.2mm 

Buffer Diameter: 900μ 

Primary Coating : 245μ 

Strength Member: Aramid Yarn 

Jacket Material: LS0H IEC 61034-1 & 2, 

IEC-60332-1, IEC-60754- 

1 & 2 

Minimum Bend Radius: Install: 3.0cm. 

Long Term Bend Radius: 2.0cm 

Operating Temperature: -40°C to +85°C 

    

    

Standards:  

ISO/IEC 1108:2008, ANSI/TIA/EIA 568.C.3, ANSI/TIA/ 

EIA-492, TELECORDIA GR-409, ICEA-596 

OS2 -STD ITU-T-652D     

25 MR 

24 Port LIU Fully Loadedd 

Male: Supplying , Installing & Splicing  Make: Molex/Tyco 

amp/D Link  

No's 16 

26 MR 12 Port LIU Fully Loadedd   Supplying , Installing  & Splicing  with 

tagging No's 19 

    Fiber LIU :      

          

    12 & 24 port LIU  Features      

  

  

Configurable Fibre drawer should be 1U rack mount unit for 

storing and terminating incoming fibre cable. It should be able to 

configute fibre system to suit all fibre applications.     

  

It should be with management rings within system to 

accommodate excess fibre cordage behind the trough adapters 

and maintain fibre bend radius 
    

  

It should be able to accommodates single mode and multi mode 

fibres 
    

  

Properties: Adhesive labelling for port identification,   Sliding 

drawer for ease of reconfiguring fibres, Rugged steel construction 

finisdhed in attractive, Graphite finish to complement all rack 

mount equipment,  Accommodates 2 x 12 fibre Splice Trays 
    

  Material: Powder coated Cold Rolled Steel     

  Accommodation: 12 & 24 Port according to application     



 
42 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

  Fibre Termination - Direct Termination     

  Options: Fusion Splice , Mechanical Splice     

  Dimensions: 1U     

  Mounting: Rack mount     

    SC adapter :- Item specifications     

  

  

Singlemode and Multimode Duplex SC adapters should have 

feature either a snap or flange mount and are designed to 

support the TIA/EIA commercial building & telecommunication 

wiring standards. Adapters should be available with snap-on 

shutter providing a barrier against harmful light emissions. 
    

  

It should be with utilises standard NTT-SC and Bellcore 326 

compliant, connectors, RoHS Compliant, Meets TIA/EIA 568-B.3 

and IEC 874-109 standards,       

  

Unique shuttered feature fpr protects from harmful light 

emissions 
    

  

Shuttered should be available as an option 
    

  It should be available in single mode / multimode     

  

Colours - Singlemode (Blue), Multimode (Beige) 
    

    

SC Singlemode Pigtail :- Min. Required  Specification 
    

  

  

Characteristics 

Cable: 900um Buffered 

Outside Diameter: 900um 

Buffer Diameter: 900um tight buffer 

Minimum bend radius: install: 30 mm 

Operating Temperature: -20ºC to 75ºC 

Retention Strength: 100N 

Cable Sheath: LS0H 

    

  

Features and Benefits:  

Standard or custom assemblies 

Precision ferrule endface geometry 

Controlled fibre protrusion 

Factory polished, tested and serialized. 

    



 
43 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

  

Standards: 

ISO/IEC 1108:2008. ANSI/TIA/EIA- 

568-C.3, EIA 492, Telecordia GR-409, 

ICEA-596, OS2-STD ITU-T-G652 D 

LS0H* IEC 61034-1&2, IEC-60332-1 

IEC 60754-1&2 standards 

    

    

Optical Fibre Patch Cords Min. Required  Specification 
    

  

  

Optical Fibre Patch Cords should be with LSZH jacket as standard. 

Patch cords should be offer factory –controlled performance in a 

variety of connector, ISO performance standards and lengths. It 

has taken specific attention to the end-face geometry and fibre 

core alignment to ensure reliability and optimised performance 
    

  

Features and Benefits:  

 

100% Factory Tested – Guaranteed performance 

LS0H Jacket Standard – Reduces toxic/corrosive gasses emitted 

during combustion. Plenun and PVC 

also available 

Multiple Formats available - Available in Simplex, 

Duplex, Single Mode, Multi Mode and a variety of 

connector options 

    

  

Mechanical Characteristics 

Cordage O.D.: 2.0mm +/- 0.1mm x 

4.1mm +/- 0.2mm 

Buffer Diameter: 900μ 

Primary Coating : 245μ 

Strength Member: Aramid Yarn 

Jacket Material: LS0H IEC 61034-1 & 2, 

IEC-60332-1, IEC-60754- 

1 & 2 

Minimum Bend Radius: Install: 3.0cm. 

Long Term Bend Radius: 2.0cm 

Operating Temperature: -40°C to +85°C 

    

  

Standards:  

ISO/IEC 1108:2008, ANSI/TIA/EIA 568.C.3, ANSI/TIA/ 

EIA-492, TELECORDIA GR-409, ICEA-596 

OS2 -STD ITU-T-652D 

    

          



 
44 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

27 MR All-in-one VMS server WITH  all licenses, 4  TB - 16 nos  Hard 

Drive  for camera recording storage  Suppling, Installation & 

Configuring as per security requirements. 

Make: Hikvision/Pelco/Bosch . 

 

No 1 

    

VIDEO AUDIO INPUT :_ IP video input :- 32-ch & 64 -ch Up to 12 

MP resolution 
    

    Two-way audio :- 1-ch, RCA (2.0 Vp-p, 1kΩ)     

    

NETWORK:_ Incoming bandwidth :- 320 Mbps, 

or 200 Mbps (when RAID is enabled)     

    

Outgoing bandwidth :-256 Mbps, or 200 Mbps (when RAID is 

enabled) 
    

    Remote connection :  128     

    VIDEO AUDIO OUTPUT :_     

    

VGA1 /HDMI1 output resolution HDMI1:                                                

4K (3840 × 2160)/60Hz,  

4K (3840 × 2160)/30Hz, 2K (2560 × 1440)/60Hz, 1920 × 

1080p/60Hz, 1600 × 1200/60Hz, 

1280 × 1024/60Hz, 1280 × 720/60Hz, 1024 × 768/60Hz               

VGA1: 2K (2560 × 1440)/60Hz, 1920 × 1080p/60Hz, 1600 × 

1200/60Hz, 1280 × 1024/60Hz, 

1280 × 720/60Hz, 1024 × 768/60Hz                                                                                                                                              

VGA2 /HDMI2 output resolution:- 1920 × 1080p/60Hz, 1280 × 

1024/60Hz, 1280 × 720/60Hz, 1024 × 768/60Hz      Audio output :-                                                 

DECODING :- Decoding format :- H.265/H.264/MPEG4                                     

Live view / Playback resolution :-  12 MP/8 MP/6 MP/5 MP/4 

MP/3  MP/1080p/UXGA/720p/VGA/4CIF/DCIF/2CIF/CIF/QCIF. 

Synchronous playback :- 16-ch                                               

Capability:-4-ch @ 8 MP, or 16-ch @ 1080p 

HARD DISK : eSATA:-1 eSATA interface                                                     

            Capacity:- Up to 6TB capacity for each HDD                           

DISK ARRAY: Array type :- RAID0, RAID1, RAID5, RAID10 

Number of arrays:- 4                                                           External 

interface:-                                                                                    Network 

interface :-2, RJ-45 10/100/1000 Mbps self-adaptive Ethernet 

interface 

Serial interface :-RS-232; RS-485; Keyboard 

 

 

 

 

Alarm in/out 

 

 

 

    



 
45 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

USB interface :- Front panel: 2 × USB 2.0; Rear panel: 1 × USB 3.0                                           

Alarm in/out.:-16/4 

 
    



 
46 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

GENERAL:- Power supply:-100 to 240 VAC, 50 to 60 Hz (Dual 

Power, Redundant ) 

Max. Power:-200 W 

Consumption:-≤30 W (Without Hard disk.) 

Working temperature :--10 to +55ºC (14 to 131ºF)   Working 

humidity:-10 to 90 % 

Chassis:- 19-inch rack-mounted 2U chassis 

Dimensions(W × D × H):- 442 × 560.5 ×93 mm 

Weight(without harddisk):-≤ 10 Kg (22 lb) 

 

    

          

28   

2 MP 4 mm IP Cam. IR Dome With Night Vision Low lux. Make: 

HIKVISION/Dahua or  equivalent 
No 54 

    Camera:      

    Image Sensor:-1/2.8" Progressive Scan CMOS     

    

Min. Illumination :Color: 0.005 lux @(F1.2, AGC ON), 0 lux with IR 
    

    Shutter Speed:-1/3 s to 1/100,000 s     

    Slow Shutter:-Support     

    

Lens:2.8 mm, horizontal field of view: 108° 

4 mm, horizontal field of view: 86.4° 

6 mm, horizontal field of view: 52° 

8 mm, horizontal field of view: 40° 

12 mm, horizontal field of view: 25° 

    

    Lens Mount:- M12     

    Iris F1.6     

    Day &Night IR cut filter     

    DNR 3D DNR     

    

Wide Dynamic Range  120dB 

    

    

3-Axis Adjustment (bracket) Pan: 0° to 360°, tilt: 0° to 100°, 

rotate: 0° to 360° 
    

    Compression Standard     

    

Video Compression:-Main stream: H.265/H.264 

Sub stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

Third stream: H.265/H.264     

    H.264 Type: Main Profile/High Profile     

    H.264+  Support     

    H.265 Type Main Profile     



 
47 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    H.265+ Support     

    Video Bit Rate :32 Kbps to 16 Mbps     

    Image     

         Max. Resolution :- 1920 × 1080     

    

Main Stream:-50Hz: 50fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 

1280×720)60Hz: 60fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280×720) 
    

    

Sub Stream 50Hz: 25fps (640 × 360, 352 × 288) 60Hz: 30fps (640 × 

360, 352 × 240) 
    

    Third Stream50Hz: 25fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 

× 288)60Hz: 30fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 × 

240) 

    

    
    

    

Image Enhancement BLC/3D DNR:- Support rotate mode. 

Brightness, contrast, saturation, and sharpness are adjustable via 

web 

browser and client software     

    

ROI (Region of Interest): Support 1 fixed region for mainstream 

and sub stream separately 
    

    Day/Night Switch::-Auto/Scheduled     

          

    Network:-     

    

Network Storage:Support microSD/SDHC/SDXC card (128G) local 

storage, NAS (NFS,SMB/CIFS), ANR 
    

    Alarm Trigger:Motion Detection, Tampering Alarm, Network 

Disconnected, IP Address Conflict, Illegal Login, 

HDD full, HDD error 

    

    
    

    Protocols:TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, DHCP, DNS, 

DDNS, RTP, RTSP, RTCP, PPPoE, NTP, UPnP, 

SMTP, SNMP, IGMP, 802.1X, QoS, IPv6 

    

    
    

    Standard:ONVIF (PROFILE S, PROFILE G), PSIA, CGI, ISAPI     

     General Function:     

    

One-key Reset, Anti-Flicker, Heartbeat, Mirror, Password 

Protection, Privacy Mask, Watermark, 

IP Address Filter     

     Interface     

    

 Communication Interface: 1 RJ45 10M/100M self-adaptive 

Ethernet port 
    



 
48 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

 On-board Storage: Built-in microSD/SDHC/SDXC slot, up to 128 

GB 
    

     Smart Feature-set:     

    

 Behavior Analysis: Line crossing detection, intrusion detection, 

unattended baggage detection, object removal 

detection     

    

 Line Crossing Detection: Cross a pre-defined virtual line, up to 1 

pre-defined virtual lines supported 
    

    

 Intrusion Detection: Enter and loiter in a pre-defined virtual 

region, up to 1 pre-defined virtual regions supported     

    

Object Removal Detection: Objects removed from the pre-

defined region, such as the exhibits on display. 
    

    

Unattended Baggage Detection:  Objects left over in the pre-

defined region such as the baggage, purse, dangerous materials     

    

 Face Detection: Human face appears in the image can be 

detected and trigger linkage method 

 
    

     General:     

    

 Operating Conditions: -30 °C to +60 °C (-22 °F to +140 °F), 

Humidity 95% or less (non-condensing) 
    

    

Power Supply:12 VDC ± 25%, PoE(802.3af 42.5 – 57 V, class 3) 
    

    

 Power Consumption:-I5: 12 VDC ± 25%, 7 W; PoE, 9 W 

-I8: 12 VDC ± 25%, 10 W; PoE, 12.5 W 
    

    

 IR Range:-I5: up to 50 m 

-I8: up to 80 m 
    

     Protection Level: IP67     

    

 Dimensions:Camera: Φ105 × 299.7 mm (Φ4.13″ × 11.80″) 

Package: 386 × 156 × 155 mm (15.2″ × 6.14″ × 6.1″)     

    
 Weight: 1200 g (2.65 lb.)     

    Batteries Required:No     

          



 
49 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

29   

2 MP 6 mm IP Cam - IR Dome With Night Vision Low lux. Make: 

HIKVISION/Dahua  
No 29 

          

    Camera:      

    Image Sensor:-1/2.8" Progressive Scan CMOS     

    Min. Illumination :Color: 0.005 lux @(F1.2, AGC ON), 0 lux with IR     

    Shutter Speed:-1/3 s to 1/100,000 s     

    Slow Shutter:-Support     

    

Lens:2.8 mm, horizontal field of view: 108° 

4 mm, horizontal field of view: 86.4° 

6 mm, horizontal field of view: 52° 

8 mm, horizontal field of view: 40° 

12 mm, horizontal field of view: 25° 

    

    Lens Mount:- M12     

    Iris F1.6     

    Day &Night: IR cut filter     

    DNR :3D DNR     

    
Wide Dynamic Range : 120dB 

    

    

3-Axis Adjustment (bracket) Pan: 0° to 360°, tilt: 0° to 100°, 

rotate: 0° to 360° 
    

    Compression Standard     

    

Video Compression:-Main stream: H.265/H.264 

Sub stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

Third stream: H.265/H.264 

    

    H.264 Type: Main Profile/High Profile     

    H.264+  :Support     

    H.265 :Type Main Profile     

    H.265+ :Support     

    Video Bit Rate :32 Kbps to 16 Mbps     

    Image     

         Max. Resolution :- 1920 × 1080     

    

Main Stream:-50Hz: 50fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 

1280×720)60Hz: 60fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280×720) 
    

    

Sub Stream 50Hz: 25fps (640 × 360, 352 × 288) 60Hz: 30fps (640 × 

360, 352 × 240) 
    

    Third Stream50Hz: 25fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 

× 288)60Hz: 30fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 × 

240) 

    

    
    

    
Image Enhancement: BLC/3D DNR  

    

    

Image settings:Support rotate mode. Brightness, contrast, 

saturation, and sharpness are adjustable via web 

browser and client software 

    

    

ROI (Region of Interest): Support 1 fixed region for mainstream 

and sub stream separately 
    



 
50 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Day/Night Switch::-Auto/Scheduled     

          

    Network:-     

    

Network Storage:Support microSD/SDHC/SDXC card (128G) local 

storage, NAS (NFS,SMB/CIFS), ANR 
    

    Alarm Trigger:Motion Detection, Tampering Alarm, Network 

Disconnected, IP Address Conflict, Illegal Login, 

HDD full, HDD error 

    

    
    

    Protocols:TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, DHCP, DNS, 

DDNS, RTP, RTSP, RTCP, PPPoE, NTP, UPnP, 

SMTP, SNMP, IGMP, 802.1X, QoS, IPv6 

    

    
    

    Standard:ONVIF (PROFILE S, PROFILE G), PSIA, CGI, ISAPI     

     General Function:     

    

One-key Reset, Anti-Flicker, Heartbeat, Mirror, Password 

Protection, Privacy Mask, Watermark, 

IP Address Filter 
    

     Interface     

    

 Communication Interface: 1 RJ45 10M/100M self-adaptive 

Ethernet port 
    

    

 On-board Storage: Built-in microSD/SDHC/SDXC slot, up to 128 

GB 
    

     Smart Feature-set:     

    

 Behavior Analysis: Line crossing detection, intrusion detection, 

unattended baggage detection, object removal 

detection 
    

    

 Line Crossing Detection: Cross a pre-defined virtual line, up to 1 

pre-defined virtual lines supported 
    

    

 Intrusion Detection: Enter and loiter in a pre-defined virtual 

region, up to 1 pre-defined virtual regions supported 
    

    

Object Removal Detection: Objects removed from the pre-

defined region, such as the exhibits on display. 
    

    

Unattended Baggage Detection:  Objects left over in the pre-

defined region such as the baggage, purse, dangerous materials 
    

    

 Face Detection: Human face appears in the image can be 

detected and trigger linkage method 

 

    

     General:     

    

 Operating Conditions: -30 °C to +60 °C (-22 °F to +140 °F), 

Humidity 95% or less (non-condensing) 
    

    Power Supply:12 VDC ± 25%, PoE(802.3af 42.5 – 57 V, class 3)     

    

 Power Consumption:-12 VDC ± 25%, 6W 

PoE(802.3af, 42.5 – 57V, class 3), 7W 

 

    



 
51 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

    

 IR Range: up to 30 m 

     

     Protection Level: IP67     

    

 Dimensions: 

Camera: Φ 127.3 × 95.9 mm (5.01″ × 3.78″) 

Package: 150 × 150 × 141 mm (5.91″ × 5.91″ × 5.55″) 

 

 

    

    Weight: Camera: 620 g (1.37 lb.)     

          

30 MR 

IP PBX System make: Matrix/equivalent Supplying, Installing  & 

Commissioning as per the requirement. (Make: Matrix 

/Panasonic ) No 1 

    IP Extension 100 Users License expandable up tp 500 users     

    (A) FXS Gateway  System 16 Channle  No 11 

    (B) ) FXS Gateway  System 24 Channle  No 5 

    (C) ) FXS Gateway  System 32 Channle  No 5 

          

    Technical Specifications of  EPABX     



 
52 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

 1. It shall employ IP at its core with IP switching technology and 

100% non-blocking.                              2. It shall have distributed 

processing architecture, SLIC and SMT Design. 

3.  The system should have VOIP and VMS at its core .i.e. VOIP 

and VMS Daughter-board modules should be on CPU. 

4. The VOIP module should have 64 channels per module and 

such two modules shall be used to increase the number of VOIP 

channels. 

5. The VMS module should support 64 channel expansion, VMS  

shall support features like call queuing, multi-language support, 

multiple MOH 

6.  The system shall provide IP functionality at its core to support 

SIP/IP extensions and trunks over SIP protocol. It should be 

possible to support SIP Trunks and SIP/IP Extension with the 

single VOIP module. It should support 99SIP trunks and 999 SIP/IP 

users (SIP/IP Phone, Mobile softphones, UC Client) on single VOIP 

module.7.  It should support 128 IP-TDM calls and 500 IP-IP calls 

(non-transcoding). 

7. The system shall integrate in-skin voice mail module on CPU 

with 2170 hours of storage capacity and dedicated mailbox for 

each extension. 

8. It should support SIP over TLS and SRTP. It should be IPv6 

ready. 

    



 
53 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

9.  System should have 2 USB port with storage capacity up to 64 

gb 

10. System should have Gigabit Ethernet ports and there should 

be provision to have LAN and WAN port separated out to create 

two different networks. 

§ It should have built-in multi-party conferencing. It should have 

minimum 15 conference possible of 3-party. The maximum 

number of participants required in single conference would be 21 

minimum 

11. The system shall have the inbuilt auto attendant facility and 

shall be able to answer minimum 9 calls simultaneously and 

should support dial-by-name. 

12. The system should be built on a universal slot architecture 

and modular in design to enable seamless growth, by adding the 

desired necessary cards as and when required. Any peripheral 

card can be inserted in any slot of the platform, whereby it is 

possible to increase or decrease the trunk lines or subscriber lines 

of the system as per the requirement in future as per mentioned 

maximum requirement.  

13.  The architecture of the System shall be capable of seamless 

migration to its maximum capacity by simply adding peripherals 

cards in the same chassis without compromising 

function/features of the system. The architecture should be non-

stackable eliminating individual power supply for each chassis.  

    

    

14. The system shall have multiple port interfaces such as analog 

extension lines, digital key phone, IP Extension, C.O. Line, 

GSM/3G, E & M Line, PRI/E1 and VoIP. All interfaces shall be in 

the form of expansion cards and can be plugged into the 

universal slots of the system as and when require in the 

future.VoIP and Voice mail Daughter-board module should be on 

CPU.  

§ The system should retain traditional networks (CO, ISDN, and 

E&M & Radio) along with access GSM networks in single platform 

just by adding expansion cards. 

    



 
54 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

15. It should be suitable for DTMF as well as the FSK type of 

telephone instrumen It should be possible to reach the maximum 

capacity of main system up to 240 extensions, 8 PRI and 96 digital 

extensions, 64 CO lines,99 SIP trunks,1000 IP extension,16 radio 

ports & 32 E&M ,32 BRI and 40 GSM trunk on the same platform 

without adding any cabinet and with single power supply. 16.n   

The system memory should be based on Flash EPROM for higher 

reliability and faster rebooting minimum storage capacity of 256 

MB ROM,2GB RAM & 900 MHZ clock speed 

 System power supply should be inbuilt and SMPS type ,It shall 

also work on 230 VAC supply or 48 V DC +/- 20% 

§ The system should  support 19” Rack mount with 4U enclosure, 

wall mount &table top mount 

§ System shall support E & M Port to connect E & M Lines 

§ System shall support Magneto ports to connect Magneto phone 

§ The system shall have an ISDN Digital platform and shall be 

compatible with ISDN PRI line of Local Service Provider.  

    



 
55 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ SYSTEM should support networking over PRI with fiber optic 

connectivity. External media converter should not be required. 

§ Multiple systems at different locations should be able to 

connect with each other without any link licenses. 

§ The system should have inbuilt Power failure transfer 

functionality on card. No external devices for Power failure 

required. The system should have built-in Power Failure Transfer 

for minimum 4 ports of PSTN Trunks. 

§ The system should have set of hybrid cards such as 4 PSTN+16 

Extensions, 4 DKP+16 Extensions, 2 PSTN+2 DKP+16 Extensions, 4 

PSTN+2 DKP+12 Extensions, 4 PSTN+2 DKP+8 Extensions to save 

on the resources of universal slots and investment only on the 

required number of ports. 

§ The system should have in-skin GSM card so that the multiple 

SIMs can be inserted on the GSM card plugged on to the PBX 

platform. Hence, the calls on GSM mobile can be routed through 

this SIMs and contribute in reduction of overall telecom bill. No 

requirement of external device for GSM connectivity.   

§ System should support HF/VHF/UHF radio from a single card. 

    



 
56 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ The System should support Radio Connectivity with the in-skin 

card. It should have minimum 4 radio interface port per card.  It 

should support HF/VHF/UHF with the same RIC card. It should  be 

interoperable with following make of Radios:  

• MOTOROLA GM338 

• TADIRAN RT 6001/PRC 6020 (HF) 

• TADIRAN RT - 7330M VHF 

• STARS V MKII 25 W  

• LUP 322(V/VHF trans receiver) 

• HYT TM -610  

• CODAN HF Radio 

• Motorola XIR M8268 UHF 

• ICOM IC-F 110 

§ The offered exchange should be an ISDN ready switch. The 

system platform should always be ready for ISDN and only the 

necessary in skin ISDN cards need to be added for functionality. 

§ The system should support SMPP protocol to send/receive SMS 

using in-skin GSM SIMs within System. Any software required to 

send/receive SMS shall also to quote separately.  

§ The system shall have at least 1 RS232 ports for 

SMDR/PMS/CAS Interface.  

§ The system can be programmed through Analog telephone, 

Digital key phone, and Ethernet without any external devices.  

    



 
57 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ The system shall have a built-in remote maintenance facility. 

The system can be programmed remotely over the internet 

without any modem required on the PBX side.  

§ The call ringing sequence would be programmable and have 

options such as simultaneous, hunting off, round robin and 

delayed simultaneous.  

§ Caller line identification (CLI) on Analog and digital/PRI trunks 

shall be built-in for both DTMF and FSK telephone instrument.  

§ Detail reports of all system parameters should be generated 

through the SMDR port of System. External third party Billing 

software shall not be required for basic report generation. 

Reports shall be directly saved in PDF format. 

§ The offered system should be QSIG ready (for PRI) for 

Networking and Feature Transparency between two or more 

exchanges.  

§ Each port of the system shall be programmable. It shall have 

programmable features port-wise/extension-wise. 

§ The system shall support flexible numbering for extensions such 

as it may have extensions with 1 digit, 2 digits and up to 6 digits 

numbers as well as in combination of all. 

ming and internal call reports shall be generated on SMDR port of 

the system. It shall also be available online through Ethernet Port. 

§ The system should have built-in outgoing Call Log buffer of 

6000 calls, incoming call log buffer of 5000 and call log buffer of 

1000 internal calls.    

§ Voice guided auto-attendant shall be preferably built-in. 

§ System should support dial form the directory. There shall be 

minimum 900numbers possible and shall also possible to dial it as 

an abbreviated number. 

§ Features given to an extension shall be accessed from any other 

extension by dialing the secret codes. 

§ System features shall have class of service, night service, 

conference, auto diagnostic etc. Class of service shall be 

unrestricted. STD restricted and semi restricted  

§ System shall support SMS to Email and Email to SMS Feature 

without use of any additional software 

§ System shall support SMS on NO reply 

§ System shall support 128 VMS extensions over QSIG 

§ SNTP client should be inbuilt in System 

§ The system shall have features as CLI based routing, call 

duration control, least cost routing i.e. time, number or 

combination of both.  

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, 

extension to central office, extension to operator, automatic call 

back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, executive/secretary, 

do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail 

    



 
58 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

box should be available with voice mail system card of System. 

Conversation recording should be possible on Analog/Digital/IP as 

well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ System's UC Client should support up to 1000 DSS, 600 BLF and 

drag & drop conference 

§ The system must support following features of IP telephony: 

Dynamic DNS, Registrar Server, Proxy Server, Presence Server, 

NAT and STUN, VoIP codec G.711u, G.711a, G.723, G.729. 

§ Varied type of open SIP IP Terminals such as IP Phone, SIP soft 

phone and Mobile SIP Client shall be supported.  

§ The manufacturer should also have an application for Android 

and iPhone so that the enterprise mobility can be extended for 

the Smartphone users.  

§ Supplied IP Phones and PC based soft phones should be of the 

same manufacturer.  

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail 

box should be available with voice mail system card of System. 

Conversation recording should be possible on Analog/Digital/IP as 

well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ IP phone operational functionality should be same as Digital 

Extension of PBX 

§ system shall support SNMP  

§ System shall support video conferencing over ISDN PRI/BRI 

§ System should have capability to support Video call Over IP 

§ System shall support Direct termination of E1 over Fiber 

without using any external media convertor 

§ System shall support in skin Data card for data transfer over E1 

copper & E1 fiber 

§ System should be Fully operational between Temperature  0⁰C 

to +45⁰C  

§ System should be certified for EMI/EMC, CE, FCC15B, 

 

System should have in-skin Voice Mail System with following 

features: 

§ Attend as much as 64 calls simultaneously with flexibility of 

routing callers to desired extension or delivering information 

depend upon the selection 

§ Dial-by-Name to reach the intended user directly without 

knowing/remembering  extension number 

§ Selectively allocate voicemails to users with the flexibility of 

customizable mailbox size and greetings for All/Selective users 

§ Group mailbox to share messages between departmental 

groups  

§ Anywhere access to voice mail with just a phone call 

§ Password protected secured voice mail access 

§ Record important conversations for future reference and record 

maintenance  

§ Redirection of voice mails to another extension in case of non-



 
59 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

availability 

§ Tag voice mails while Forwarding Messages to Another Mailbox 

§ Broadcast voice message to a group of personnel, at a go 

§ Distribution lists for delivery of voice mails to different set of 

users or groups 

§ Message wait indication via ring, change in dial-tone, voice 

message or message wait lamp  

§ Notification of a new voice mail via email alert or a phone call 

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, 

extension to central office, extension to operator, automatic call 

back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, executive/secretary, 

do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ Operator features shall have the assistance to extension, 

attended call transfer, call intercept, indication of call waiting, 

night service control etc.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 
60 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ The system shall have built-in web based software 

programming tool for system administration.  

§ Access codes, system timers and access to features shall be 

programmable.      § Storage of outgoing, incoming and internal 

call reports shall be generated on SMDR port of the system. It 

shall also be available online through Ethernet Port. 

§ The system should have built-in outgoing Call Log buffer of 

6000 calls, incoming call log buffer of 5000 and call log buffer of 

1000 internal calls.    

§ Voice guided auto-attendant shall be preferably built-in. 

§ System should support dial form the directory. There shall be 

minimum 900numbers possible and shall also possible to dial it as 

an abbreviated number. 

§ Features given to an extension shall be accessed from any other 

extension by dialing the secret codes. 

§ System features shall have class of service, night service, 

conference, auto diagnostic etc. Class of service shall be 

unrestricted. STD restricted and semi restricted  

§ System shall support SMS to Email and Email to SMS Feature 

without use of any additional software 

    



 
61 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ System shall support SMS on NO reply 

§ System shall support 128 VMS extensions over QSIG 

§ SNTP client should be inbuilt in System 

§ The system shall have features as CLI based routing, call 

duration control, least cost routing i.e. time, number or 

combination of both.  

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, 

extension to central office, extension to operator, automatic call 

back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, executive/secretary, 

do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail 

box should be available with voice mail system card of System. 

Conversation recording should be possible on Analog/Digital/IP as 

well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ System's UC Client should support up to 1000 DSS, 600 BLF and 

drag & drop conference 

§ The system must support following features of IP telephony: 

Dynamic DNS, Registrar Server, Proxy Server, Presence Server, 

NAT and STUN, VoIP codec G.711u, G.711a, G.723, G.729. 

§ Varied type of open SIP IP Terminals such as IP Phone, SIP soft 

phone and Mobile SIP Client shall be supported.  

    



 
62 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ Supplied IP Phones and PC based soft phones should be of the 

same manufacturer.  

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail 

box should be available with voice mail system card of System. 

Conversation recording should be possible on Analog/Digital/IP as 

well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ IP phone operational functionality should be same as Digital 

Extension of PBX 

§ system shall support SNMP  

§ System shall support video conferencing over ISDN PRI/BRI 

§ System should have capability to support Video call Over IP 

§ System shall support Direct termination of E1 over Fiber 

without using any external media convertor 

§ System shall support in skin Data card for data transfer over E1 

copper & E1 fiber 

§ System should be Fully operational between Temperature  0⁰C 

to +45⁰C  

§ System should be certified for EMI/EMC, CE, FCC15B, 

    



 
63 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

System should have in-skin Voice Mail System with following 

features: 

§ Attend as much as 64 calls simultaneously with flexibility of 

routing callers to desired extension or delivering information 

depend upon the selection 

§ Dial-by-Name to reach the intended user directly without 

knowing/remembering  extension number 

§ Selectively allocate voicemails to users with the flexibility of 

customizable mailbox size and greetings for All/Selective users 

§ Group mailbox to share messages between departmental 

groups  

§ Anywhere access to voice mail with just a phone call 

§ Password protected secured voice mail access 

§ Record important conversations for future reference and record 

maintenance  

§ Redirection of voice mails to another extension in case of non-

availability 

§ Tag voice mails while Forwarding Messages to Another Mailbox 

§ Broadcast voice message to a group of personnel, at a go 

§ Distribution lists for delivery of voice mails to different set of 

users or groups 

§ Message wait indication via ring, change in dial-tone, voice 

message or message wait lamp  

    

    

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, 

extension to central office, extension to operator, automatic call 

back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, executive/secretary, 

do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ Operator features shall have the assistance to extension, 

attended call transfer, call intercept, indication of call waiting, 

night service control etc.  

    



 
64 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Abbreviated Dialing (Global & Personal)      

• Access Codes (Programmable) 

• Account Codes (Forced) 

• Alarm-Multiple  

• Alarms 

• Alarm-Snooze 

• Allowed and Denied Lists 

• Alternate Number Dialing 

• Anonymous Call Rejection (SIP) 

• Auto Call Back (Busy, No Reply) 

• Auto Redial 

• Auto-Attendant  

• Background Music  

• Backup SMDR 

• Backup-System Configuration 

• Backup-System Software 

• Barge-in 

• Boss Ring 

• Call Budget on Extensions 

• Call Budget on Trunks 

• Call Chaining 

• Call Cost Calculation  

• Call Duration Control 

• Call Follow Me 

• Call Forward (Busy, No Reply , Dual Ring and to External 

Number) 

• Call Park (General and Personal Orbit) 

• 

    

    

 Call Pick Up (Group and Selective) 

• Call Progress Tones (Programmable) 

• Call Splitting 

• Call Taping 

• Call Transfer (Screened, On Busy ,  

While Ringing, Trunk to Trunk) 

• Calling Line Identification & 

• Presentation (CLIP) 

• Calling Line Identity Restriction (CLIR) 

• Cancel All Station Features 

• Class of Service (COS) 

• CLI based Routing 

• Closed User Group (With/Without Exchange ID)  

• Computer Telephony Integration (CTI) 

• Conference Dial-in  

    



 
65 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Conference – Multiple Participants 

• Conflict Dialing 

• Continued Dialing 

• Conversation Recording 

• Date and Time Format 

• Daylight Saving Time (DST) 

• Direct Inward Dialing (DID) 

• Day-Night Mode 

• Department Call 

• Digest Authentication (on SIP) 

• Direct Dialing-In (DDI on T1/E1/PRI) 

• Direct Inward System Access (DISA) 

• Direct Outward System Access (DOSA) 

• Direct Station Selection Console  

• (DSS Console) 

• Distinctive Rings  

• Do-Not-Disturb (DND) 

• Do-Not-Disturb (Remote) 

• Dual Ring 

• Dynamic DNS (DDNS) 

• Dynamic Lock (Manual) 

• E-mail Notification (VMS) 

• Embedded Registrar and Proxy Servers (SIP Server) 

• 

    



 
66 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

 Emergency Calls Detection and Reporting 

• Emergency Conference 

• Emergency Number Dialing 

• External Call 

• External Call Forward (ECF) 

• Fax over IP (T .38 Relay and Pass-Through) 

• File Transfer Protocol 

• Flexible Numbers (Up to 6 Digits) 

• Forced Answer 

• Help Desk 

• Hold 

• Hot Desking 

• Hot Outward Dialing (With/Without Number & Delay) 

• Hotline (Immediate and With Delay) 

• Hunting/User Group 

• Incoming Call Management 

• Installation Wizard 

• Internal Call 

• Internal Call Restriction 

• Interrupt Request 

• Last Caller Recall 

• Last Number Redial 

• Least Cost Routing (Number , Time and Service • Provider to 

Service Provider , Carrier Pre-Selection) 

• Live Call Screening (VMS) 

• Live Call Supervision 

• Logical Partitioning  

•  

    



 
67 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Maturity (Polarity Reversal, Delay , CPD) 

• Menu based Command (DKP) 

• Message Wait Indication  

• Missed Calls 

• Music-On-Hold 

• Mobile Port (GSM/3G Port) 

• Multi-Stage Dialing  

• Mute 

• Name Programming (Station, Trunk) 

• NAT and STUN (VoIP) 

• Network Selection (GSM) 

• Off-Hook Alert (DKP) 

• Online SMDR 

• Operator (Single, Multiple) 

• Override 

• Paging (Internal ) 

• Peer-to-Peer Calling 

• Priority (Intercom and Trunk) 

• Privacy 

• Programming the System  

• (Using SLT , DKP , Ethernet Port) 

• Quick Dial 

• Raid 

• Real Time Clock  

• Region Selection 

• Remote Alarm 

• Remote Call Forward 

• Remote Programming 

• Routing Group 

• Return Call to Original Caller (RCOC) 

• Room Monitor 

• RS232C Port 

• SMDR Posting (Call Accounting System Interface) 

• SMS Gateway 

• SMS Server 

• Self-Ring Test 

• Selective Trunk Access 

• SIP and RTP QoS (VoIP) 

• Station Groups 

• Station Message Detail Record - 12000 Records) 

• Station Name 

• System Activity Log and Display 

• System Administrator (SA) Mode 

    



 
68 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Remote Programming 

• Routing Group 

• Return Call to Original Caller (RCOC) 

• Room Monitor 

• RS232C Port 

• SMDR Posting (Call Accounting System Interface) 

• SMS Gateway 

• SMS Server 

• Self-Ring Test 

• Selective Trunk Access 

• SIP and RTP QoS (VoIP) 

• Station Groups 

• Station Message Detail Record - 12000 Records) 

• Station Name 

• System Activity Log and Display 

• System Administrator (SA) Mode 

    



 
69 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• System Engineer (SE) Mode 

• System Fault Log 

• System Security (Password) 

• Time Tables 

• Time Zone Display 

• Toll Control 

• Trunk Access Group 

• Trunk Auto Answer 

• Trunk Connectivity (BRI) 

• Trunk Connectivity (GSM/3G) 

• Trunk Connectivity (T1/E1/ISDN PRI) 

• Trunk Connectivity (TWT or CO) 

• Trunk Connectivity (VoIP) 

• Trunk Reservation 

• Upgrading the Software  

• User Absent/Present 

• Virtual Stations 

• Voice Message Applications 

• Voice Prompts for Tones 

• Walk-In Class of Service (Single/Multiple calls) 

• Web based Programming 

• GSM Trunk Connectivity   

• Automatic Call to Missed (Predefined)   Calls on Trunks 

• Routing of calls to only permissible legal networks (Logical 

Partitioning) 

• SMDR though Ethernet Port 

    

    Technical Specification of Digital Key phone:-     

    

• 240*64 Pixels Graphical LCD with Backlit 

• LED for Incoming/Ongoing Call, Mute, Hold 

• Add on 32 key module support, maximum 4 key modules shall 

be supported 

• Intuitive User Interface with Icons 

• Multiple Languages Caller ID with Name, Number 

• 49 keys including 4 Context Sensitive Hard Keys 

• 1 x RJ9 Handset Port 

• 1 x RJ9 Headset Port 

• 1 x 3.5 mm Headset Port 

• Installation: Wall Mount, Table-top, 

• CE, FCC-15. RoHS certified 

    



 
70 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Mute 

• Call Hold 

• Do Not Disturb 

• Speed Dial 

• Hotline 

• Redial 

• Call Back 

• Auto Answer 

• Call Forward 

• Call Waiting 

• Call Transfer 

• Room Monitoring 

• Conference 

• Directory 

• Call Logs 

• Dial-by-Name 

• Message wait Lamp 

• Ringer Lamp 

• Voice Mail 

• Call Pickup – Group and Selective 

    

    

Technical Specification of Type-1  IP Phone:  • 132 x 64 Pixel 

Graphical Display 

• Context Sensitive and Fixed Function Keys 

• Full Duplex Speakerphone with AEC, VAD, CNG 

• TLS/SRTP for Voice Security 

• Integrated PoE (802.3af) 

• Auto Provision, TR069 

• IPv6 Ready, PC and LAN Ports 

• 132x64-pixel Graphical LCD  

• LED for Incoming/Ongoing Call, MWI, Mute, Hold 

• Intuitive User Interface with Icons and Soft keys 

• Multiple Languages 

• Caller ID with Name, Number 

• 2 x 10/100 Mbps LAN & PC Ports 

• 29 keys including 4 Soft Keys 

• 1 x RJ9 Handset Port 

• 1 x RJ9 Headset Port 

• Installation: Wall Mount, Table-top 

• CE, FCC-15 (Class-B), RoHS 

    



 
71 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Phone Book 

• Local Phonebook up to 1000 entries Black List 

• XML Remote Phonebook 

• Intelligent Search Method 

• Phonebook Search/Import/Export 

• Call History: Dialed/Received/Missed/Forwarded 

    

    

Phone Features 

• Full-duplex Hands-free Speakerphone with AEC 

• Codecs: G.711(A/μ), G.722, G.723, G.729, G.726, iLBC 

• DTMF: In-band, Out-of-band (RFC 2833) and SIP INFO  

• VAD, CNG, AEC, PLC, AJB, AGC 

• 1 VoIP Account 

• Call Hold, Mute, DND  

• One-touch Speed Dial, Hotline 

• Redial, Call Return, Auto Answer 

• Call Forward, Call Waiting, Call Transfer 

• Local 3-way Conferencing 

• Direct IP Call without SIP Proxy 

• Ringtone Selection/Import/Delete 

• Keypad Lock, Emergency Call 

• Set Date & Time Manually or Automatically 

• Dial Plan, XML Browser, Action URL/URI 

• Instant Messaging (Web UI and Phone) 

Call Management 

• Anonymous Call (CLIR)  

• Anonymous Call Rejection 

• Message Waiting Indicator (MWI) 

• Voicemail, Call Pickup 

• Intercom, Music on Hold 

• Call Completion, Hot-desking 

• Dial out Number from Web UI 

    



 
72 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Networking and Security 

• SIP v1 (RFC2543), v2 (RFC3261) 

• IPv6 

• NAT Transverse: STUN Mode 

• Proxy Mode and Peer-to-Peer SIP Link Mode 

• IP Assignment: Static/DHCP/PPPoE 

• HTTP/HTTPS Web Server 

• Time and Date Synchronization using SNTP 

• UDP/TCP/DNS-SRV (RFC 3263) 

• QoS: 802.1p/Q Tagging (VLAN), Layer 3 ToS, DSCP 

• SRTP for Voice  

• Transport Layer Security (TLS) 

• HTTPS Certificate Manager 

• AES Encryption for Configuration File 

• Digest Authentication using MD5/MD5-sess 

• IEEE802.1X 

• SNMP v1/v2 

    

    

Management 

• Configuration: Browser/Phone/Auto Provision 

• Auto Provision via FTP/TFTP/HTTP/HTTPS for Mass Deploy 

• Server Redundancy 

• Factory Reset  

• Soft Reboot 

• Package Tracing  

• System Log 

    

    

Power Supply 

• Power Adapter: 5VDC/600mA (Included in the Box) 

• Power over Ethernet (IEEE 802.3af) 

• Power Consumption: 5W (Typical) 

• Connector: DC Power Jack 

    

    Technical Specification for Type-2 IP Phone     



 
73 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• 240*64 Pixels Graphical LCD with Backlit 

• LED for Incoming/Ongoing Call, Mute, Hold 

• Add on 32 key module support, maximum  key modules shall be 

supported 

• Intuitive User Interface with Icons 

• Multiple Languages Caller ID with Name, Number 

• 49 keys including 4 Context Sensitive Hard Keys 

• 1 x RJ9 Handset Port 

• 1 x RJ9 Headset Port 

• 1 x 3.5 mm Headset Port 

• Installation: Wall Mount, Table-top 

• CE,FCC-15,RoHS 

• Power over Ethernet (IEEE 802.3af) 

• Power Consumption: 5W (Typical) 

• Connector: DC Power Jack, 5VDC/600mA 

• Operating Temperature Range =0 to 45°C 

• Storage Temperature = 0 to 55°C 

• Message wait Lamp 

• Ringer Lamp 

• Voice Mail 

• Call Pickup – Group and Selective 

• Paging 

    

    Phone Features     

    

• Mute 

• Call Hold 

• Do Not Disturb 

• Speed Dial 

• Hotline 

• Redial 

• Call Back 

• Auto Answer 

• Call Forward 

• Call Waiting 

• Call Transfer 

• Room Monitoring 

• Conference • Directory 

• Call Logs 

• Paging 

• Dial-by-Name 

    



 
74 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Technical Specification of Mobile UC client for Android/IPhone: 
    

    

• Shall be installed on android OS 2.2 or later 

• Shall be installed on IOS 7 or later 

• Comprehensive Call Management 

• One-Touch Access to PBX Features 

• Corporate Directory Integration 

• Video Calling 

• Favorites   

• Presence Sharing and Instant Messaging 

• Voice Mail Access 

• Conversation Recording 

• Call management – call hold, transfer, forward, DND and 

intercom 

• Multiparty audio conferencing 

• Blind transfer 

• Menu options - Call Pickup, Paging, Message wait, Call Retrieve, 

Alarm and Reminder, Dynamic Lock, Dial-In Conference, CLIR, 

Room monitoring & Call supervision 

• Dial by extension 

• Call Screening - ACB, Forced Answer, Global Hold, General Call 

Park, Call Chaining,IR& Barge-IN 

• Multiple call support 

• SMS over IP 

• One touch transfer 

• Wi-Fi to cellular handover 

• Multiple language support 

• Call toggle 

• Auto call back 

• Auto redial 

• Forced answer 

• Open a door 

• Call logs 

• Missed calls notification 

• DND override 

    

    

Technical Specification of Windows Desktop based UC Soft client: 
    



 
75 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Windows Desktop based UC Client for Seamless Collaboration, 

shall support installation on windows 7 service pack 1 or higher 

• Corporate Directory Integration 

• 1000 DSS & 600 BLF keys for Monitoring 

• Popup Window for Incoming Message and Call 

• Presence Sharing and Instant Messaging 

• Video Calling  

• Drag and Drop Conference 

• Contact Grouping 

• Video call 

• Voicemail 

• Favorites 

• Call management – call hold, transfer, forward, DND and 

intercom 

• Multiparty audio conferencing 

• Blind transfer 

• Menu options - Call Pickup, Paging, Message wait, Call Retrieve, 

Alarm and Reminder, Dynamic Lock, Dial-In Conference, CLIR, 

Room monitoring & Call supervision 

• Handover to external number 

• Smart directory access 

• Dial by extension 

• Call Screening - ACB, Forced Answer, Global Hold, General Call 

Park, Call Chaining, Call Recording, IR & Barge-IN 

• Multiple call support 

• SMS over IP 

• One touch transfer 

• Call toggle 

• Auto call back 

• Auto redial 

• Forced answer 

• Open a door 

• Call logs 

• Missed calls notification 

• DND override 

• Click to Call 

• Outlook Integration 

• Calendar Integration 

• Keyboard Integration 

    

          

31   

4 MP Speed Doom PTZ 25X Zoom Make : HIKVISION/Dahau  or 

equivalent Suppling, Installation & Configuring as per security 

requirements. 
No 3 

    

 Camera Module:  DS-2DE7430IW-AE 

 E Series 4MP 30× IR Network Speed Dome     



 
76 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    
 Image Sensor:1/1.9" progressive scan CMOS     

    

 Min. Illumination: Color: 0.005 Lux @(F1.5, AGC ON) 

B/W: 0.002 Lux @(F1.5, AGC ON) 

0 Lux with IR     

    

 Shutter Time: 50Hz: 1/1 s to 1/30,000 s 

60Hz: 1/1 s to 1/30,000 s 
    

    

 White Balance: Auto/Manual/ATW (Auto-tracking White 

Balance)/Indoor/Outdoor/Fluorescent 

Lamp/Sodium Lamp     

     AGC:  Auto/Manual     

     Day & Night:  IR cut filter     

    Digital Zoom: 16×     

     Privacy Mask: 8 programmable privacy masks     

    Focus Mode: Auto/Semi-automatic/Manual     

     3D DNR: Support     

    BLC: Support     

    HLC: Support     

    Digital WDR:Support     

    Defog: Support     

    EIS:Support     

    Regional Exposure: Support     

    Regional Focus : Support     

    Lens:     

     Focal Length:  5.9 mm to 177 mm, 30× Optical Zoom     

     Zoom Speed: Approx. 4.8 s (Optical Lens, Wide-Tele)     

     Horizontal FOV:48.8° to 2.3° (Wide-Tele)     

    Working Distance:10 mm to 1500 mm (Wide-Tele)     

    Aperture Range:F1.5 to F3.4     

     PTZ:     

    Movement Range (Pan):360° endless     

    

Pan Speed: Configurable, from 0.1°/s to 160°/s, Preset Speed: 

240°/s 
    

     Movement Range (Tilt): From -15° to 90° (Auto Flip)     

    

Tilt Speed: Configurable, from 0.1°/s to 120°/s, Preset Speed: 

200°/s 
    

    Proportional Zoom: Support     



 
77 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Presets:300     

    Patrol Scan:8 patrols, up to 32 presets for each patrol     

    

Pattern Scan: 4 pattern scans, record time over 10 minutes for 

each scan 
    

    Power-off Memory: Support     

    

Park Action:Preset/Pattern Scan/Patrol Scan/Auto Scan/Tilt 

Scan/Random Scan/Frame Scan/Panorama 

Scan     

     PTZ Status Display:Support     

    Preset Freezing: Support     

    

Scheduled Task: Preset/Pattern Scan/Patrol Scan/Auto Scan/Tilt 

Scan/Random Scan/Frame Scan/Panorama 

Scan/Dome Reboot/Dome Adjust/Aux Output     

    Smart Features:     

    

Basic Event Detection: Motion Detection, Video Tampering, 

Alarm Input, Alarm Output, Exception 
    

    

Smart Event Detection: Audio Exception Detection, Face 

Detection, Intrusion Detection, Line Crossing Detection, 

Region Entrance Detection, Region Exiting Detection     

    

Smart Record: ANR (Automatic Network Replenishment), Dual-

VCA 
    

     Infrared:     

     IR Distance:150 m     

    Smart IR: Support     

    

IR Control: IR brightness and angle are intelligently adjustable 

according to the scenes.     

     Network:     

    Max. Resolution: 2560 × 1536     

    

Main Stream: 50Hz: 25fps (2560 × 1536, 2048 × 1536, 1920 × 

1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720) 

50fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720) 

60Hz: 30fps (2560 × 1536, 2048 × 1536, 1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 

1280 × 720) 

60fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720) 

    

    

Sub-Stream: 50Hz: 25fps (704 × 576, 640 × 480, 352 × 288) 60Hz: 
    



 
78 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

30fps (704 × 480, 640 × 480, 352 × 240) 

    

Third Stream: 50Hz: 25fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720, 

704 × 576, 640 × 480, 352 × 288) 

60Hz: 30fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720, 704 × 480, 640 

× 480, 352 × 240) 

    

    

ROI: Main stream, sub-stream and third stream respectively 

support four fixed areas 
    

    

Video Compression: Main Stream: H.265+/H.265/H.264+/H.264 

Sub-Stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

Third Stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

 

H.264 with Baseline/Main/High Profile 
    

    

Audio Compression: 

G.711alaw/G.711ulaw/G.722.1/G.726/MP2L2/PCM 
    

    

Protocols: IPv4/IPv6, HTTP, HTTPS, 802.1x, Qos, FTP, SMTP, UPnP, 

SNMP, DNS, DDNS, NTP, RTSP, 

RTCP, RTP, TCP, UDP, IGMP, ICMP, DHCP, PPPoE, Bonjour     

     Simultaneous Live View: Up to 20 channels     

    

User/Host: Up to 32 users, 3 levels: Administrator, Operator and 

User 
    

    

Security Measures: User Authentication (User ID and Password), 

Host Authentication (MAC address), HTTPS 

Encryption, IEEE 802.1x Port-Based Network Access control, IP 

address Filtering 

    

     System Integration:      

    Alarm Input: 2-ch alarm input     

     Alarm Output: 1-ch alarm output     

    

Alarm Linkage: Preset, Patrol Scan, Pattern Scan, Memory Card 

Video Recording, Trigger Recording, 

E-Map, VCA Capture, Upload to FTP, Send Email, etc. 
    

     Audio Input: 1-ch audio input     

     Audio Output:1-ch audio output     

    

Network Interface: 1 RJ45 10 M/100 M Ethernet Interface, Hi-PoE 
    



 
79 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Storage: Built-in memory card slot, support Micro 

SD/SDHC/SDXC, up to 128 GB, NAS (NPS, SMB/ 

CIPS), ANR 
    

    

API: Open-ended, support ONVIF, PSIA and CGI, support 

HIKVISION SDK and Third-Party 

Management Platform 
    

     Client: iVMS-4200, iVMS-4500, iVMS-5200     

    

 Web Browser: IE 8+, Chrome 31+, Firefox 30+, Safari 8.0+ web 

browser 
    

     General:     

    

 Power:24 VAC & Hi-PoE 

Max.: 40 W 

Supplement Light: 19 W 
    

    

Working Temperature: Outdoor: -30°C to 65°C (-22°F to 149°F) 
    

     Working Humidity: ≤ 90%     

    

Protection Level: IP66 Standard, TVS 4000V Lightning Protection, 

Surge Protection and Voltage Transient 

Protection 
    

     Dimensions: Φ 220 mm × 353.4 mm (Φ 8.66" × 13.91")     

    Weight: Approx. 4.5 kg (9.92 lb)     

          

32   

Raised Flooring For Sever room With Installtion (Make:- 

Unitile/Unifloor/ztfloor  or equivallent 
SFT 350 

    

Concentrated Loads : 

360 Kgs (800 lbf ) with a top-surface deflection under load and a 

permanent set not to exceed 2.54 & 

0.25 mm (0.10 & 0.010 inch) respectively according to CISCA A/F, 

Section I ‘’ Concentrated Loads’’ 

    

    

Ultimate Concentrated Load: 

900 kgs (2000 lbf) without failing according to CISCA A/F, Section 

II ‘’ Ultimate Loading’’ 
    

    

Rolling Loads : 

180 kgs ( 400 lbf) of the following magnitude, with a combination 

of local and overall deformation not to 

exceed 1.02 mm (0.040 inch) according to CISCA A/F, Section III ‘’ 

Rolling Loads’’ 

CISCA AF Rolling Load: 10000 Passes 

    



 
80 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Stringer Load Testing : 

102 Kgs (225 lbf) at the centre of the span with a permanent set 

not to exceed 0.25mm ( 0.010 inch) as 

determined by CISCA A/F, Section IV, ‘’ Stringer Load Testing’’ 
    

    

Pedestal Axial Load Test : 

22 kN axial Load per pedestal, according to CISCA A/F, Section V, 

‘’Pedestal Axial Load Test ’’ 
    

    

Pedestal Over Turning Moment Test : 113 N x meters ,according 

to CISCA A/F, Section VI, ‘’Pedestal 

Overturning Moment Test’’ 
    

    

Uniformly Distributed Load (UDL): 1080 kg/m2 with a maximum 

permissible deflection of not more 

than 1.52 mm as per definition of “Uniform load” of CISCA tested 

over an area of 1 ft x 1 ft for 220 lbf/ft2 

load. 

Note: The uniform load rating of an access floor panel as 

specified here in should not be confused with 

the “uniform live load” as specified in seismic zone application. 

    

    

Soft body impact test on the system shall be with a load of 40 kgs 

dropped form a height of 1000 mm 

and shall comply to all the performance as specified in the test 

method (T12.03) of MOB PF2 PS 

Standards. 

    

    

Hard body impact test on the system shall be with 4.5 kgs 

dropped from a height of 600 mm and shall 

comply to all the performance as specified in the test method 

(T13.03) of MOB PF2 PS Standards. 

    

    

Fire Rating : 

The Panels shall confirm to Class O & Class 1 Fire Ratings tested 

as per BS 476 Part 6 (Fire Propagation) 

& 7 (Surface spread of flame) as also ASTM E84 1998 

(Flammability) and ASTM E136 (Combustibility) 

    



 
81 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Electrical Resistivity : 

As per ASTM F150/ NFPA 99 / ANSI S7.1 / CEI 61340 but modified 

for surface to ground. To place one 

electrode on the Access floor Panel surface and to attach the 

other electrode on the pedestal. 

Resistance to be tested at 100/500 volts 

1. Conductive range : 2.5x104 – 1x 106 Ohms (surface to ground) 

2. Static dissipative range : 1x106 – 1x109 Ohms (surface to 

ground) 

3. Anti static range : 1x109 – 2x1010 Ohms (surface to surface) 

    

    

Fabrication Tolerance 

A. Floor panel flatness : ± 0.75 mm in any direction 

B. Floor panel width or length from specified size : ± 0.50mm 

C. Floor panel squareness : ± 0.38 mm 
    

    

Installation Tolerance 

A. Overall level before application of any load : ± 1.5 mm over any 

5.00 Sqmt 

± 6 mm over any size of basic space 

B. Panel level : + 0.75 mm before the application of any load 

C. Panel Interchangeability installation and removal : shall be 

interchangeable (except for field cut panels) 

and replaceable in any of the four directions at 90º 

increments 

    

          

          

33   

  SAN BOX with OFC connectivity with   ( 10X 10TB ) Loaded  

Suppling,  Installation, Configuration, Virtualization Make: Dell 

/Linovo/HP  or equivallent ( SAN box and server should be in 

same make.)  
Nos 1 

    

PowerVault MD3800f, 16G Fibre Channel, 2U-12 drive 

Components. 
    

    1 Bezel Assembly, MD3800f     

    2 Hard Drive Blank Filler 3.5     

    10 10TB 7.2K RPM NLSAS 512e 3.5in Hot-plug Hard Drive     

    2 Controller, 16G FC, 2U MD38xxF, 8G Cache     

    2 2X SFP, FC16, 16GB     

    1 Power Supply, AC 600W, Redundant     



 
82 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    2 Jumper Cord,10A,2M,C13/C14 (India BIS)     

    4 Multi-Mode Fibre Channel Cable LC-LC 2 Meters     

    1 ReadyRails II Static Rails for 4-post Racks     

    Software     

    1 No Software     

    Service     

    

1 ProDeploy Dell Storage MD Series 3XXX 2U SAN up to 8 hosts - 

Deployment 
    

    

1 ProDeploy Dell Storage MD Series 3XXX 2U SAN - Deployment 

Verification 
    

    1 Technical Support     

    1 ProSupport: 7x24 Technical Support & Assistance: 3Yr     

    1 Next Business Day Onsite Service Year 1-3 (NBD)     

    1 # Limited Warranty: Year 1-3 (POW)     

    1 3Yr ProSupport: Next Business Day Service (Parts+Labor)     

    1 No Remote Advisory Services Purchased     

          

34   

PowerEdge R740 Server R740   2 U Rack server with Raid 5 + RPS 

+64GB RAM Suppling,  Installation, Configuration, Virtualization Make: 

Dell /Linovo/HP  .( SAN box and server should be in same make.)  
Nos 2 

          



 
83 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

1 PowerEdge R740/R740XD Motherboard 

 

1 Intel Xeon Silver 4108 1.8G, 8C/16T, 9.6GT/s , 11M Cache, 

Turbo, HT (85W) DDR4-2400 

 

1 Chassis with up to 8 x 2.5" SAS/SATA Hard Drives for 1CPU 

Configuration 

 

1 PowerEdge 2U Standard Bezel 

 

1 Riser Config 1, 4 x8 slots 

 

1 PowerEdge R740 Shipping Material 

 

1 Quick Sync 2 (At-the-box mgmt) 

 

1 Dell EMC Luggage Tag 

 

1 2666MT/s RDIMMs 

 

1 Performance Optimized 

 

1 Blank for 1CPU Configuration 

 

2 32GB RDIMM 2666MT/s Dual Rank 

 

1 No Additional Processor 

 

1 iDRAC9,Enterprise 

 

3 600GB 15K RPM SAS 12Gbps 512n 2.5in Hot-plug Hard Drive 

 

1 PERC H740P RAID Controller, 8GB NV Cache, Mini card 

 

1 Standard 1U Heatsink 

 

1 No Internal Optical Drive 

 

1 Dual, Hot-plug, Redundant Power Supply (1+1), 750W 

 

2 Jumper Cord,10A,4M,C13/C14 (India BIS) 

 

1 No Trusted Platform Module 

 

1 Broadcom 5720 QP 1Gb Network Daughter Card 

 

1 No Operating System 

 

    



 
84 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

1 Power Saving Dell Active Power Controller 

 

1 ReadyRails Sliding Rails With Cable Management Arm 

 

1 RAID 5 

 

1 OME Server Configuration Management 

 

Software 

 

1 4 Standard Fans for R740/740XD 

 

1 No Systems Documentation, No OpenManage DVD Kit 

 

Service 

 

1 ProDeploy Dell Server R Series 1U/2U - Deployment 

 

1 ProDeploy Dell Server R Series 1U/2U - Deployment Verification 

 

1 Technical Support 

 

1 Limited Warranty:Yr1-3 (Labor) 

 

1 Limited Warranty:Yr1-3 (Parts) 

 

1 3Yr ProSupport & Mission Critical: (7x24) 4-hour Onsite Service 

 

1 Yr1-3 Mission Critical:(7x24) 4-hour Onsite Service 

 

1 3Yr ProSupport & Mission Critical:(7x24) Technical Support & 

Assistance 

 

1 No Remote Advisory Services Purchased 

 

 

          

          

35   

Windows Server STD Core 2016 SNGL OLP Lic NL CoreLic 

(Minimum 8Core)  
Nos 2 

          

36   Windows Server CAL 2016 SNGL OLP NL DvcCAL Nos 100 

          

37   

Biometric Attendence system with face recognization  with  

Software. 
Nos 10 

          



 
85 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

38   

All the Equipment Installation and Configuration necessary 

Security implementation as per the IT consultant Planning to 

executed. 
  

          

39   VMWare  Licences Nos 2 

    

 VMware vSphere 6 Essentials Plus Kit for 3 hosts (Max 2 

processors per host 
    

  

VMware vSphere Essentials Plus includes vCenter Server 

Essentials and ESXi for 3 hosts, plus the following features: 

vCenter agents, Update Manager, Data Protection and High 

Availability. vSphere Essentials Plus is limited for use on up to 3 

hosts and on servers with up to two processors only. The server 

hosts must be managed by the vCenter Server Essentials edition 

that is provided with this bundle, and that same vCenter Server 

Essentials edition cannot be used to manage other server hosts 

not included with this edition. VS6-ESP-KIT-C 

  

40   

( NAS Storage/          Make:Netgear/ QNAP /Thecus  as make. 
Nos 1 

    256GB mSATA SSD for Caching Nos 1 

    

HGST 6TB Ultrastar Enterprise SATA III HDD (Warranty : 5 
Years) Nos 12 

          

41   

Providing onsite L1 Manpower Support    (For 3 year) (Rate 
contract will be renewed quartly after completion period of 
project.).  

Per year 3 

    
Eligible Criteria:- 

    

    

Comprehensive AMC for hardware &system maintenance for 
after 3 (three) year. 

Per Month 1 



 
86 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

ELIGIBLE CRITERIA  FOR L1 SUPPORT ENGINEER 
 
- First level of troubleshooting on systems, applications, 
networks etc. 
- Candidates would be trained and will work in a front end 
client facing role and would be the first point of contact for 
any IT related issues like laptop/desktop, Operating systems, 
network connectivity etc. 
- The candidates should have excellent communication skills. 
- Decent knowledge related to operating system, hardware, 
networking, etc. 
- Fundamental Technical knowhow on system trouble 
shooting, few prominent knowledge areas are:-  
The eligible bidder who   having experience of  managing and 
supporting  of 300 +  computers & network infrastructure . 
Certificate should be provided.  
• Microsoft Windows Operating Systems (9X, NT, 2000, XP) 
• Microsoft Office 
• Network Connectivity 
• Printers and print Services 
• E-Mail and Internet mail 
• Familiar with  MS Outlook email clients. 
- Excellent communication skills, with neutral accent. (Voice 
based Support) 
- Excellent written communication skills with email etiquettes. 
- Comfortable with rotational shifts 

    



 
87 

Duly Sign & 
Stamp 

Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

skills : 
• Design and implement functional networks 
• Configure, manage, and maintain essential network devices 
• Use devices such as switches and routers to segment 
network traffic and create resilient networks 
• Identify benefits and drawbacks of existing network 
configurations 
• Implement network security, standards, and protocols 
• Troubleshoot network problems 
• Support the creation of virtualized networks 
Education: 
Graduate / B.Tech/B.E., BCA, BCM, M.Sc., MCA, MCM 
Having CCNP  & MCSE Certified.  
Work Experience: 
10 Years 
 Industry 
 
 IT 

    

42 

 

Comprrehensive AMC for hardware &system maintenance for 
after 3 (three) year.   

    

 Note:-  The AMC amount will be paid quartly after submitting 
the satisfatory service support of last three years. If the 
services are not satisfied by authority the AMC contract will 
be terminated. 

    

    TOTAL ESTIMATED COST     

    

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Place : Signature of Authorized Person : 

Date : Designation : 

Company stamp : Name : 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Surat Urban Development Authority (SUDA) 

 

Bid for 

Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration 

Of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

 

ANNEXURES FOR TECHNICAL BID 

 
Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids  

 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of 

EMD, Bid Fee 

 
SURAT URBAN DEVELOPMENT  

SUDA. 



Surat Urban Development Authority 27 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipment 

 

 

 

 

All the documents listed below shall be annexed to the bid in the prescribed formats along 

with the necessary supporting documents to ascertain the claims made by the bidder. 

A. Bidder’sDetails 
 

1 Details of responding firm/company 

a. Name of the Bidder/Supplier  

b. Address  

c. Telephone  Fax:  

d. Website  

e. Are you a Manufacturer / 

Authorized dealer / Sub 

dealer / Any other 

 

f. Income Tax Number [PAN]  

g. Goods & Service Tax (GST) 

No. 

 

2 Information about responding firm / Company 

a. Address of Head 

Quarter/Head Office 

 

b. Address of Registered Office  

c. Main Office in Gujarat  

d. Office in Surat  

e. No. of years of operation in 

India 

 

f. Turnover (figures as per last 

three audited balance sheets 

are to be provided) 

Yr.-1 (20-)  

Yr.-2 (20-)  

Yr.-3 (20-)  

3 Details of Contact Person 

a. Name  

b. Designation  

c. Address  

d. Telephone No.  

7. ANNEXURES TO TECHNICAL BID 



Surat Urban Development Authority 28 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 
e. Mobile No.  

f. Fax No.  

g. E-mail  

4 Details of Authorized Signatory 

a. Name  

b. Designation  

c. Address  

d. Telephone No.  

e. Mobile No.  

f. Fax No.  

g. E-mail  

5 Forum of Business (Select appropriate option and provide the Registration Details along 

with attested copies of certificates) 

# Forum of Business Yes/ 

No 

Registration Details 

(submit attested copies 

of certificates) 

Validity Date 

h. Sole Proprietor? 

(Registration Number under 

Shops and Establishment 

Act.) 

   

i. Hindu Undivided Family?    

j. Partnership Firm?    

k. Public Limited Company 

under The Companies Act? 

   

l. Private Limited Company 

under The Companies Act? 

   

m. State Govt. owned 

Undertaking/ Corporation / 

Enterprise? 

   

n. Central Govt. owned 

Undertaking/ Corporation / 

Enterprise? 

   

o. Co-operative Society?    

p. Association of Persons?    



Surat Urban Development Authority 29 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

B. Information of Authorized Signatory / ContactPerson 
 
 

Name  Recent Passport Size 

Photograph Address  

 

 

 

Phone No.  

Fax No.   
Signature Mobile No.  

Email   
Capacity/Designation Web Address  

 

Name  Recent Passport Size 

Photograph Address  

 

 

 

Phone No.  

Fax No.   
Signature Mobile No.  

Email   
Capacity/Designation Web Address  



Surat Urban Development Authority 30 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

C. Authorization Letter fromOEM 

FORM – A 
 

(To be submitted on OEM’s letterhead duly signed by its Authorized signatory) 

Date: 

 
To 

The Executive Engineer, 

Surat Urban Developement 

Authority , , Surat- 395 001. 

 
Sub : Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments  

Authorization Letter from OEMs 

Ref : Tender No: <No> Dated <DD/MM/YYYY> 

Dear Sir/Madam, 

We , (name and address of the manufacturer) who are established and reputed 

manufacturersof  havingfactoriesat  (addresses of manufacturing / 

developmentlocations)doherebyauthorizeM/s (nameandaddressofthebidder) 

to bid, negotiate and conclude the contract with you against the above mentioned tender for below 

mentioned equipment manufactured / developed byus. 

 

Sr.    

No.   

Particulars of item and details of work 

      

      

1 MR 

LAN Switch 24 x 10/100/1000 plus 2 x 1000Mbps SFP Make: CISCO/ HP /Juniper   

Supplying, Installing, Configuring with security & VLAN        

    

•      24 x RJ-45 auto-negotiating 10/100/1000 ports (IEEE 802.3 Type 10BASE-T, IEEE 

802.3u Type 100BASE-TX, and IEEE 802.3ab Type 1000BASE-T).  

    •     Minimum 2 x 1000 BASE-X SFP Fiber ports combination. 

    

•     Auto-negotiation for speed, duplex mode and flow control & Manual for 10M 

Half/Full/100M Half/Full. 

    •     Auto-MDI/MDIX. 

    •      IEEE 802.3X flow control. 

    •     Integrated LEDs for improved visual monitoring and analysis. 

    •      Warranty : Minimum 5 Years OEM Comprehensive Warranty with parts . 

    •      Chassis: 1U, rack-mounting kit included 

    •      Power: Power supply AC 230 V ( 50/60 Hz ) 

      

2 MR 

POE LAN Switch 24x 10/100/1000 plus 2x 1000Mbps SFP Maximum Power above 30 

Watts .Make: Cisco / HP make /Juniper   Supplying, Installing, Configuring with 

security & VLAN       

    

•      24 x RJ-45 auto-negotiating 10/100/1000 ports (IEEE 802.3 Type 10BASE-T, IEEE 

802.3u Type 100BASE-TX, and IEEE 802.3ab Type 1000BASE-T). 

    •     Minimum 2 x 1000 BASE-X SFP Fiber ports combination. 

    •     Auto-negotiation for speed, duplex mode and flow control & Manual for 10M 



Surat Urban Development Authority 31 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

Half/Full/100M Half/Full. 

    •     Auto-MDI/MDIX. 

    •      IEEE 802.3X flow control. 

    •     Integrated LEDs for improved visual monitoring and analysis. 

    •  Warranty : Minimum 5 Years OEM Comprehensive Warranty with parts . 

    •      Chassis: 1U, rack-mounting kit included 

    •      Power: Power supply AC 230 V ( 50/60 Hz ) 

      

3 MR 

All SFP Switch L3 24x 10/100/1000 plus 4x 1000Mbps LAN RJ45 Manageable Switch  

Supplying, Installing, Configuring with security & VLAN  .(Make: Cisco / HP make 
/Juniper  ) 

      

    Interfaces: Product Shouls Have a 26 x 10Base-T/100Base-TX/1000Base-T - SFP, 4 x RJ-45 

    Voltage Required: Product Shouls Have a Require Voltage AC 120/230 V ( 50/60 Hz ) 

    Device Type and Managibility :- Switch - 28 ports - L3 - managed- Stackable 

    

Maximum Operating Temperature: Product Shouls Have a Maximum Operating 

Temperature 104 F 

    Rack-Mount Specification:- Product Should Have a Rack Mount 23 in. (58.4 cm) EIA 

    Rack-Mount Kit :  Product Should Have a Rack Mount Kit Inbuilt 

    Routing Protocol: Product Should Have a Support Static IPv4 routing 

    

Performance: Product Should Have a  Switching Capacity 72Gbps and forwarding 

Capacity 41.67 

    Cables Included: Product Should Have a 1x Serial Cable 

    Jumbo Frame Support::- Product Should Have a Support Jumbo Frame Support of 10 KB 

    

Authentication Method: Product Should Have a Authentication Method like Secure Shell 

(SSH), RADIUS and TACACS+ 

    Flash Memory: Product Should Have a 32 MB Flash Memory 

    Ram: Product Should Have a 256 MB RAM 

    

Status Indicators: Product Should Have a Status Indicatior of  Link activity, port 

transmission speed, system 

    MAC Address Table Size: Product Should Have a MAC Adress Table Size of 16k entries 

    Capacity: Product Should Have a capacity to 4K Active VLANs 

    Ports - Product Should Have a 24 x 10/100/1000 + 2 x combo Gigabit SFP + 2 x SFP 

      

4     8F 8T 16 PORT 10 G Switch10 gb switch 

    8x 10 Gigabit Ethernet 10GBase-T copper port 

    8x 10 Gigabit Ethernet SFP+ (dedicated) 

    1 x Gigabit Ethernet management port 

      

5    SFP 1 GB Module  (Make: Cisco / HP make /Juniper or  ) 

      

6    SFP 10 GB Module  (Make: Cisco / HP make /Juniper or  ) 

      

7   

 10 G Copper Patch Cord (5 Mts) Make:- Molex,/ Amp-Tyco/DGLink Suppling & 

Installing .  

      

8 MR 

Wall Mounted 15U Rack for Switch. with all Accessories, 12 No's Of Power sockets and 

exhaust fans Make: Val rack / Spider   or  Supplying And  Installing. 

    Height available :  15U 

    Width : 550mm ( Internal 19" ) 

    Depth Available :  600mm  



Surat Urban Development Authority 32 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Standard Accessories : Cantilever Tray, Fix Shelf, Cooling Fans, Power Distribution Unit, 

Equipment Mounting Hardware, Cable Managers, Blank Panels     

    

    

Usability : Computer Networking, DVR equipments, Audio Visual Equipments, TV Radio 

Broadcasting Equipments and other 19” electronic, telecom . 

    Rack Standard : Conforms to DIN 41494 or equivalent standard 

    Construction : Welded 

    Front Door : Lockable Toughened Glass Door 

    Basic Frame : Steel 

    Equipment Mounting : DIN Standard Slots 

    Mounting Angle : 19” Mounting angles made of formed steel 

    Standard Finish : Powder Coated 

    Top and Bottom Cover : Welded to Frame, Vented and Field Cable entry exit cut outs 

    Standard Color : Grey or Black 

    Static Load : 40 kgs. 

      

9 MR DATACENTRE RACKS  WITH METER PDU ( Make: Emerson /Rittal   

      

    Automatic Regulatory Apparatus for IT Systems, SC 26 (SMART CABINET) 

    Main Option Class, Automatic Regulatory Apparatus for IT Systems, SC 210 AC 

    Cooling Option Class, Smart Cabinet Solution 

    

RCU, 1.0TR, 230 Vac, 50 Hz, R410A, Rotary with Coated Condenser Coil, Air Conditioning 

Machine 

    Low side work for PAC upto 20mtr piping  

    Rack Accessories Option Class, Smart Cabinet Solution 

    Subassembly, Rack & Accessories, SC-2-3-RC /SC-2-7-RC 

    

Assembly, 42 U Server/Network Rack 800(W) x 1000(D); Front Glass Door & Rear Plain 

Door, with side panels for Smart Cabinet 

    

Assembly, 42 U Server/Network Rack 800(W) x 1000(D); Front Glass Door & Rear Plain 

Door, without side panels for Smart Cabinet 

    

Keyboard Tray For Server Rack with Brackets for 500mm Depth for 1000D panel (RAL 

7021), PNR HD rack 

    Kit, Sheet metal, Smart Cabinet, SC-26-AC 

    Insulation Kit for Smart Cabinet SC-13-AC & SC-26-AC 

    Sticker, Smart Solutions 

    RCU Air Deflector Assembly 

    Panel, Blanking, 1U, Tool Less, Universal 

    

Vertical Socket strip with 12 nos of IEC C13 Sockets & 4 nos of IEC C19 Socket with 2.5 

mtr power chord with 32A  MCB. RAL 9005 

    Monitoring Option Class, Smart Cabinet Solution-RDU-A 

    Subassembly, RDU &  Monitoring of SC-2-3 /SC-2-7 

    RDU-A G2 

    Serial Temp & Hum Sensor IRMS02TH-－－－－RDU-A-S02TH 

    

Functional modules-IRMS04DIF-four digital signal acquisition (IRM-S04DIF) - RDU-A-4DI-

RJ45 

    Water sensor-12V~24VDC/NORMAO LOW--10~60°C -RDU-A-S01W(5m length) 

    Sound and Flash LED Alarm-12Vdc/70Ma/Rj45--10~60℃ 

    Smoke Detective Sensor 

    Door status sensor-black-normal close-RJ45-500mA/40~70mm--10~51℃ 

    USB camera for RDU-A w/o recording only live monitoring 

    Transit Cable, of Smoke Detector, CAT5 with TE Jack 



Surat Urban Development Authority 33 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Subassembly, Electrical Accesories of SC-2-3-RC U6 2N/SC-2-3-RC/SC-2-7/SC-2-7 U6 

2N/SC-2-7 RC /SC-2-7 RC-DS 

    POD Device, 3kVA / 6kVA Smart Cabinet 

    

Subassembly, Packaging of SC-2-3-RC2 U6 2N/SC-2-3-RC2/SC-2-7-C2/SC-2-7-C2-U6 

2N/SC-2-7 RC2/SC-27 RC2-DS 

    FM (Fire Systems) 

  

 

Kit, Fire Detection and  Suppression System, 3U, 19 Inch Rack Mount, 

    LIGHT FIXER (LED) 

    Super Switch (power Network switch- 6kva) 

    TVSS 50KA  

    Emerson make 2nos. 10kva UPS 

    SMF Battery 12v-42ah,16nos.(EACH UPS) 30minutes Battery backup 

    Battery rack & Links 

    

Supply and Installation of False flooring 600mm * 600mm, should have min 1000kg 

distributed load barring capacity 

    

upply and installation of Modular Metal False ceiling 600mm * 600mm complete with all 

hardware and  accessories 

13   Supply of Tile Lifter  

    

Cable Tray  (GI) 

    
Supply & Fixing of 19mm Thick Nitrile rubber thermal insulation for under false ceiling  

      

    

14   Installation & Commissioning Works 

     Installation Commissioning & Project Management Charges 

      

16   Rodent Repellant 

      

17 MR 

24 Port Jack Panel for Cat 6 Lan Cable  

Make: Molex/Tyco amp/D Link Supplying, Installing And Punching With Tagging.  

18   

RJ45 I/O  WITH FACE PLATE & SURFACE MOUNT  Make: Molex/Tyco amp/D Link 

Supplying, Installing And Punching With Tagging.  

    Characteristic : Min. Required  Specification 

  

  

Features :- Single Gang square plate, 86mmx86mmWrite on labels in transparent plastic 

window – supplied with plate Screw hole covers – to be supplied with plate Plug in Icons 

– Icon tree – to be supplied with plate Should be able to support variety of jacks – UTP, 

STP, Fiber, Coax etc. 

  INFORMATION OUTLET 

  Characteristic:-Min. Required  Specification 

  Category 6, TIA568B.2-1 – 250MHz 

  All information outlets for 100 W, 22-24 AWG copper cable shall: 

    

Use insulation displacement connectors (IDC).  Allow for a minimum of 200 re-

terminations without signal degradation below standards compliance limits. Be 

constructed of high impact, flame-retardant thermoplastic with color and icon options 

for better visual identification. Jack should be With spring loaded shutter with in-out 

effect. With Terminator cap.IDC posts should be pointed 

    

Mechanical Characteristics 

Jack Connector 



Surat Urban Development Authority 34 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or 

equivalent 

Operating Life: Minimum 750 insertion cycles 

Contact Material: Copper Alloy 

Contact Plating: 50μ” Gold/100μ” Nickel 

Contact Force: 100g minimum 

Plug Retention Force: 15 lb. 

    IDC Connector Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or 

    

Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or equivalent Operating Life: Minimum 

200 reterminations  Contact Material: Copper Alloy IDC Contact Plating: Tin/Lead Plate 

Contact Force: 100g minimum Wire Accommodation: 22-24 AWG solid 

    

Electrical Characteristics 

Interface Resistance: 20 milliohms 

Initial Contact Resistance: 2.5 milliohms 

Insulation Resistance: >100 Megaohms 

Dimensions (mm): 23.5(H) x 17.9(W) x 30.53(D)                     Weight: approx 27 gm                                                                            

Standrads: TIA/EIA-568-C.2 Component Compliant, FCC Subpart F 68.5 Compliant, IEC-

603-7 Compliant, ISO 11801 Class E Compliant, ETL Verified for Category 6 Component 

Compliance & UL listed. 

    24 PORT JACK PANEL 

    Characteristic 

    Be made of powder coated steel, in 24 port configurations. 

    

Allow for a minimum of 200 re-terminations without signal degradation below standards 

compliance limit.Have port identification numbers on the front of the panel.Should have 

self adhesive, clear label holders (transparent plastic window type) and white 

designation labels with the panel, with optional color labels / icons. Should be 

upgradeable as Intelligent Patch Panel without changing the existing Patch Panel 

hardware and by simple retro fitting of intelligent sensors as and when required. 

    

Each port / jack on the panel should be individually removable on field from the panel. 

Should have integrated rear cable management shelf. Should be covered by ETL 

verification program for compliance with TIA 568B.2-1.  

    

Patch Panel Characteristics 

Material: CRS (cold rolled steel) 

Thickness: . 060" (1.52mm) 

Coating: Graphite Grey Powdercoat.  

    

Mechanical Characteristics 

Jack Connector 

Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 

rated or equivalent 

Operating Life: Minimum 750 insertion cycles 

Contact Material: Copper Alloy 

Contact Plating: 50μ” Gold/100μ” Nickel 

Contact Force: 100g minimum 

Plug Retention Force: 15 lb. 

    IDC Connector 

    Plastic Housing: Polycarbonate, UL94V-0 rated or 

    equivalent 

    Operating Life: Minimum 200 reterminations 

    Contact Material: Copper Alloy 

    IDC Contact Plating: Tin/Lead Plate 

    Contact Force: 100g minimum 

    Wire Accommodation: 22-24 AWG solid 



Surat Urban Development Authority 35 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Dimensions: 24 Port with trays 44mm H x 483mm W x 98mm  Weight : 1.2kg 

    

Standards: TIA/EIA-568-C.2 Component Compliant,  

FCC Subpart F 68.5 Compliant, IEC-603-7 Compliant,  

ISO 11801 Class E Compliant, ETL Verified for Category 6 Component Compliance & UL 

Listed. 

    CAT 6 Patch cord 

    Characteristic :- Min. Required  Specification 

  

  

Cat 6 U/UTP patch cord for data networks for 

  10/100BASE-T and 1000BASE-T applicications. 

  

The patch cable should be made from high quality four pair 24 AWG stranded copper 

wire. It should be available in a range preterminated with RJ45 plugs and feature anti-

snag slim strain relief slip on boots. 4 pair 24 AWG stranded copper wire Pre-terminated 

with WE8W plugs 

  

Slim clear anti-snag slip on boots Suitable for EIA 568A or 568B wiring with LS0H sheath 

and RoHS Compliant 

    

Mechanical Characteristics - Cable 

Conductor size: 24 AWG stranded copper 

wire 

Nom. O.D.: 5.9mm 

Sheath: LS0H 

Bend radius: 4X O.D. 

Operating temperature range: -20°C to 60°C 

    

Mechanical Characteristics - Plug 

MIN operating life: 750 insertion cycles 

RJ45 plug and boot material: Clear polycarbonate 

Contact material: 0.35mm thick copper 

alloy 

Contact plating: Selective gold 

RJ45 plug dimensions compliant with: 

ISO/IEC 60603-7-4 and 

FCC 47 Part 68 

    Electrical Characteristics 

    Max voltage: 150 VAC (max) 

    Max current: 1.5A @ 25°C 

    Fire Propagation Tests: 

    LS0H Sheath: CSA FT1, IEC 60332-1, IEC 61034 

    Standards:  

    ISO/IEC 11801:2002/Amd 2:2010 Cat 6-, TIA-568-C.2 Cat 6, ETL Verified 

      

19 MR 

RJ 45 Jack Patch Cord 1 Mtr.  

Approved Make : Molex / Amp Tyco.   Supplying, Installing And Punching With 

Tagging.  

20 MR 

RJ 45 Jack Patch Cord 2 Mtr.  

Approved Make : Molex / Amp Tyco.   Supplying, Installing  

    Technical Specification 

    

Type : Unshielded twisted pair cabling system, TIA / EIA 568-C.2 Category 6 Cabling 

system 

  

  

Network support Supports ultrahigh speed data 

  networks such as Gigabit Ethernet 

  (1000 Base-T and 1000 Base-TX) 

  and beyond. 



Surat Urban Development Authority 36 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

TIA / EIA 568-B.1 ETL Verified, UL Listed andUL channel verified- All three Certificates are 

mandatory 

    IEEE 802.3ab :- Zero-bit Error, ETL verified 

    

Warranty :-25-year systems warranty; Warranty to cover Bandwidth of the specified and 

installed cabling system, and the installation costs. Site certificate must be issued by 

OEM  

    

Performance characteristics to be provided along with bid : Attenuation, Pair-to-pair and 

PS NEXT, ELFEXT and PSELFEXT, Return Loss, ACR and PS ACR for 4-connector channel 

    Manufacturer :All passive cabling must be from same OEM 

    Conductors : 23 AWG solid bare copper 

    Insulation : Polyethylene 

    Jacket PVC 

    Filler: PE 

  

  

UL Listed and UL Channel verified 

  Approvals :ETL verified to TIA / EIA Cat 6 

     Frequency tested up to :- 600 MHz minimum 

    Outer dia :-6.2 mm 

    Packing :- Box of 305 meters 

    shipping weight : 305m reel in a box 24kg 

    Impedance :-  100 Ohms + / - 15 ohms 

    

Performance characteristics to be provided along with bid :- Attenuation, Pair-to-pair 

and PS NEXT, ELFEXT and PSELFEXT, Return Loss, ACR and PS ACR 

    Delay Skew:  45ns Max 

    Impedance:  100 ± 15 Ohms 

    Current Rating:  1.5 A Max 

    Conductor DC Resistance:  66.5Ω/km 

    Voltage:  150VAC 

    NVP : 67% 

    Propagation delay:  535ns/100m @250MHz 

    Mutual Capacitance:  5.6nF/100m Nominal 

     Insulation Resistance: 500 MΩ Minimum 

    Dielectric Strength:  1000 V RMS 

    Contact Resistance:  10 mΩ Max 

    Fire Propagation Test : UL 1581 VW1, IEC 60332.1, EN0256-2-1 

      

21 MR 

 Firewall supporting   /  Makes sophos , Fortinet  Supplying, Installing, Configuring with  

security , VLAN , Internet Security Policies.  

      

    BasicCriteria 

    
The quoted OEM for UTM should have presence in India from more than last five 
years. 

    OEM should have support Centre in India. 

    Appliance should have ICSA certification for Firewall. 

      

    ApplianceThroughput 

    Firewall through put of 30 Gbps or higher 

    6 Gbps of Antivirus Throughput or higher 

    17,000,000 Concurrent sessions or higher 

    10 Gbps of IPS throughput or higher 

    200,000 New Sessions/second or higher 

    3 Gbps of IPsec VPN throughput or higher 



Surat Urban Development Authority 37 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

      

    GeneralFeatures 

    Unrestricted Users Creation 

      

22 MR 

 Wireless Access Point with Central console manageable from the firewall . Make: 

Makes sophos , Fortinet   /  Supplying, Installing, Configuring Wi-Fi Zones with security 

& VLAN  

      

               The Access Point should support IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n/ac standards 

               Frequency of Radio 1 shall be 2.4 GHz b/g/n or 5 GHz a/n (Selectable) 

               Should have 4 Internal Antennas 

              Should have 1 x 10/100/1000 interface 

    Should support Power over Ethernet (PoE)  802.3af 

    Radio 1 Throughput: 300Mbps 

    Radio 2 Throughput: 800Mbps 

    Support 2x2 MIMO dual stream 

    Mobility 

    Should support L2 and L3 wireless controller discovery 

    

WME Multimedia Extensions  support 4 priority queues for voice, video, data and 

background traffic 

    Should support 14 Simultaneous SSIDs 

    

Support EAP-TLS EAP-TTLS/MSCHAPv2 EAPv0/EAP-MSCHAPv2 PEAPv1/EAP-GTC EAP-SIM 

EAP-AKA EAP-FAST 

    Should support Tx power of 20dBm 

    Solution should have support for Captive portal for guest authentication 

    Management 

    Solution should have support for RTLS integration 

    Should be centrally managed through the wireless controller & not standalone 

    Should support web-based secured management interface 

    Support Wall mounting & ceiling mount options 

    Environment 

    Operating Temperature  32 – 104 ˚F (0 – 40 ˚C) 

    Low Voltage Directive , RoHS complaint 

    Warranty 

    Should have Hardware warranty of atleast 5 years from day 1 

    Centrally Management 

    

It should be managed by asked wireless controller & must be of same OEM for easy 

integration 

      

23 MR 

SC-LC    5 Mtr Fiber Optic Cable Splicing Patch Cord Supplying &  Installing.  Make: 

Molex/Tyco amp/D Link Supplying, Installing And Punching With Tagging.  

24 MR 

LC-LC 5 Mtr Fiber Optic Cable Splicing Patch Cord Supplying &  Installing. Make: 

Molex/Tyco amp/D Link Supplying, Installing And Punching With Tagging.  

    
Optical Fibre Patch Cords Min. Required  Specification 

    

Optical Fibre Patch Cords should be with LSZH jacket as standard. Patch cords should be 

offer factory –controlled performance in a variety of connector, ISO performance 

standards and lengths. It has taken specific attention to the end-face geometry and fibre 

core alignment to ensure reliability and optimised performance 

    

Features and Benefits:  

 



Surat Urban Development Authority 38 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

100% Factory Tested – Guaranteed performance 

LS0H Jacket Standard – Reduces toxic/corrosive gasses emitted during combustion. 

Plenun and PVC 

also available 

Multiple Formats available - Available in Simplex, 

Duplex, Single Mode, Multi Mode and a variety of 

connector options 

    

Mechanical Characteristics 

Cordage O.D.: 2.0mm +/- 0.1mm x 

4.1mm +/- 0.2mm 

Buffer Diameter: 900μ 

Primary Coating : 245μ 

Strength Member: Aramid Yarn 

Jacket Material: LS0H IEC 61034-1 & 2, 

IEC-60332-1, IEC-60754- 

1 & 2 

Minimum Bend Radius: Install: 3.0cm. 

Long Term Bend Radius: 2.0cm 

Operating Temperature: -40°C to +85°C 

    

Standards:  

ISO/IEC 1108:2008, ANSI/TIA/EIA 568.C.3, ANSI/TIA/ 

EIA-492, TELECORDIA GR-409, ICEA-596 

OS2 -STD ITU-T-652D 

25 MR 

24 Port LIU Fully Loadedd 

Male: Supplying , Installing & Splicing  Make: Molex/Tyco amp/D Link  

26 MR 12 Port LIU Fully Loadedd   Supplying , Installing  & Splicing  with tagging 

    Fiber LIU :  

      

    12 & 24 port LIU  Features  

  

  

Configurable Fibre drawer should be 1U rack mount unit for storing and terminating 

incoming fibre cable. It should be able to configute fibre system to suit all fibre 

applications. 

  

It should be with management rings within system to accommodate excess fibre 

cordage behind the trough adapters and maintain fibre bend radius 

  It should be able to accommodates single mode and multi mode fibres 

  

Properties: Adhesive labelling for port identification,   Sliding drawer for ease of 

reconfiguring fibres, Rugged steel construction finisdhed in attractive, Graphite finish to 

complement all rack mount equipment,  Accommodates 2 x 12 fibre Splice Trays 

  Material: Powder coated Cold Rolled Steel 

  Accommodation: 12 & 24 Port according to application 

  Fibre Termination - Direct Termination 

  Options: Fusion Splice , Mechanical Splice 

  Dimensions: 1U 

  Mounting: Rack mount 

    SC adapter :- Item specifications 

    

Singlemode and Multimode Duplex SC adapters should have feature either a snap or 

flange mount and are designed to 

support the TIA/EIA commercial building & telecommunication wiring standards. 

Adapters should be available with snap-on shutter providing a barrier against harmful 

light emissions. 



Surat Urban Development Authority 39 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

  

It should be with utilises standard NTT-SC and Bellcore 326 compliant, connectors, RoHS 

Compliant, Meets TIA/EIA 568-B.3 and IEC 874-109 standards,   

  Unique shuttered feature fpr protects from harmful light emissions 

  Shuttered should be available as an option 

  It should be available in single mode / multimode 

  Colours - Singlemode (Blue), Multimode (Beige) 

    SC Singlemode Pigtail :- Min. Required  Specification 

  

  

Characteristics 

Cable: 900um Buffered 

Outside Diameter: 900um 

Buffer Diameter: 900um tight buffer 

Minimum bend radius: install: 30 mm 

Operating Temperature: -20ºC to 75ºC 

Retention Strength: 100N 

Cable Sheath: LS0H 

  

Features and Benefits:  

Standard or custom assemblies 

Precision ferrule endface geometry 

Controlled fibre protrusion 

Factory polished, tested and serialized. 

  

Standards: 

ISO/IEC 1108:2008. ANSI/TIA/EIA- 

568-C.3, EIA 492, Telecordia GR-409, 

ICEA-596, OS2-STD ITU-T-G652 D 

LS0H* IEC 61034-1&2, IEC-60332-1 

IEC 60754-1&2 standards 

    Optical Fibre Patch Cords Min. Required  Specification 

  

  

Optical Fibre Patch Cords should be with LSZH jacket as standard. Patch cords should be 

offer factory –controlled performance in a variety of connector, ISO performance 

standards and lengths. It has taken specific attention to the end-face geometry and fibre 

core alignment to ensure reliability and optimised performance 

  

Features and Benefits:  

 

100% Factory Tested – Guaranteed performance 

LS0H Jacket Standard – Reduces toxic/corrosive gasses emitted during combustion. 

Plenun and PVC 

also available 

Multiple Formats available - Available in Simplex, 

Duplex, Single Mode, Multi Mode and a variety of 

connector options 

  

Mechanical Characteristics 

Cordage O.D.: 2.0mm +/- 0.1mm x 

4.1mm +/- 0.2mm 

Buffer Diameter: 900μ 

Primary Coating : 245μ 

Strength Member: Aramid Yarn 

Jacket Material: LS0H IEC 61034-1 & 2, 

IEC-60332-1, IEC-60754- 

1 & 2 

Minimum Bend Radius: Install: 3.0cm. 

Long Term Bend Radius: 2.0cm 

Operating Temperature: -40°C to +85°C 



Surat Urban Development Authority 40 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

  

Standards:  

ISO/IEC 1108:2008, ANSI/TIA/EIA 568.C.3, ANSI/TIA/ 

EIA-492, TELECORDIA GR-409, ICEA-596 

OS2 -STD ITU-T-652D 

      

27 MR All-in-one VMS server WITH  all licenses, 4  TB - 16 nos  Hard Drive  for camera 

recording storage  Suppling, Installation & Configuring as per security requirements. 

Make: Hikvision/Pelco/Bosch . 

 

    VIDEO AUDIO INPUT :_ IP video input :- 32-ch & 64 -ch Up to 12 MP resolution 

    Two-way audio :- 1-ch, RCA (2.0 Vp-p, 1kΩ) 

    

NETWORK:_ Incoming bandwidth :- 320 Mbps, 

or 200 Mbps (when RAID is enabled) 

    Outgoing bandwidth :-256 Mbps, or 200 Mbps (when RAID is enabled) 

    Remote connection :  128 

    VIDEO AUDIO OUTPUT :_ 

    

VGA1 /HDMI1 output resolution HDMI1:                                                4K (3840 × 

2160)/60Hz,  

4K (3840 × 2160)/30Hz, 2K (2560 × 1440)/60Hz, 1920 × 1080p/60Hz, 1600 × 1200/60Hz, 

1280 × 1024/60Hz, 1280 × 720/60Hz, 1024 × 768/60Hz               VGA1: 2K (2560 × 

1440)/60Hz, 1920 × 1080p/60Hz, 1600 × 1200/60Hz, 1280 × 1024/60Hz, 

1280 × 720/60Hz, 1024 × 768/60Hz                                                                                                                                            

VGA2 /HDMI2 output resolution:- 1920 × 1080p/60Hz, 1280 × 1024/60Hz, 1280 × 

720/60Hz, 1024 × 768/60Hz      Audio output :-                                                                             

DECODING :- Decoding format :- H.265/H.264/MPEG4                                      

Live view / Playback resolution :-  12 MP/8 MP/6 MP/5 MP/4 MP/3  

MP/1080p/UXGA/720p/VGA/4CIF/DCIF/2CIF/CIF/QCIF. Synchronous playback :- 16-ch                                               

Capability:-4-ch @ 8 MP, or 16-ch @ 1080p 

HARD DISK : eSATA:-1 eSATA interface                                                      

            Capacity:- Up to 6TB capacity for each HDD                           DISK ARRAY: Array type 

:- RAID0, RAID1, RAID5, RAID10 

Number of arrays:- 4                                                           External interface:-                                                                                    

Network interface :-2, RJ-45 10/100/1000 Mbps self-adaptive Ethernet interface 

Serial interface :-RS-232; RS-485; Keyboard 

 

 

 

 

Alarm in/out 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Surat Urban Development Authority 41 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

    

USB interface :- Front panel: 2 × USB 2.0; Rear panel: 1 × USB 3.0                                                                            

Alarm in/out.:-16/4 

 

    

GENERAL:- Power supply:-100 to 240 VAC, 50 to 60 Hz (Dual Power, Redundant ) 

Max. Power:-200 W 

Consumption:-≤30 W (Without Hard disk.) 

Working temperature :--10 to +55ºC (14 to 131ºF)   Working humidity:-10 to 90 % 

Chassis:- 19-inch rack-mounted 2U chassis 

Dimensions(W × D × H):- 442 × 560.5 ×93 mm 

Weight(without harddisk):-≤ 10 Kg (22 lb) 

 

      

28   

2 MP 4 mm IP Cam. IR Dome With Night Vision Low lux. Make: HIKVISION/Dahua or  

equivalent 

    Camera:  

    Image Sensor:-1/2.8" Progressive Scan CMOS 

    Min. Illumination :Color: 0.005 lux @(F1.2, AGC ON), 0 lux with IR 

    Shutter Speed:-1/3 s to 1/100,000 s 

    Slow Shutter:-Support 

    

Lens:2.8 mm, horizontal field of view: 108° 

4 mm, horizontal field of view: 86.4° 

6 mm, horizontal field of view: 52° 

8 mm, horizontal field of view: 40° 

12 mm, horizontal field of view: 25° 

    Lens Mount:- M12 

    Iris F1.6 

    Day &Night IR cut filter 

    DNR 3D DNR 

    
Wide Dynamic Range  120dB 

    3-Axis Adjustment (bracket) Pan: 0° to 360°, tilt: 0° to 100°, rotate: 0° to 360° 

    Compression Standard 

    

Video Compression:-Main stream: H.265/H.264 

Sub stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

Third stream: H.265/H.264 

    H.264 Type: Main Profile/High Profile 



Surat Urban Development Authority 42 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    H.264+  Support 

    H.265 Type Main Profile 

    H.265+ Support 

    Video Bit Rate :32 Kbps to 16 Mbps 

    Image 

         Max. Resolution :- 1920 × 1080 

    

Main Stream:-50Hz: 50fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280×720)60Hz: 60fps (1920 × 

1080, 1280 × 960, 1280×720) 

    Sub Stream 50Hz: 25fps (640 × 360, 352 × 288) 60Hz: 30fps (640 × 360, 352 × 240) 

    Third Stream50Hz: 25fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 × 288)60Hz: 30fps 

(1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 × 240)     

    

Image Enhancement BLC/3D DNR:- Support rotate mode. Brightness, contrast, 

saturation, and sharpness are adjustable via web 

browser and client software 

    

ROI (Region of Interest): Support 1 fixed region for mainstream and sub stream 

separately 

    Day/Night Switch::-Auto/Scheduled 

      

    Network:- 

    

Network Storage:Support microSD/SDHC/SDXC card (128G) local storage, NAS 

(NFS,SMB/CIFS), ANR 

    Alarm Trigger:Motion Detection, Tampering Alarm, Network Disconnected, IP Address 

Conflict, Illegal Login, 

HDD full, HDD error 
    

    Protocols:TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, DHCP, DNS, DDNS, RTP, RTSP, RTCP, 

PPPoE, NTP, UPnP, 

SMTP, SNMP, IGMP, 802.1X, QoS, IPv6 
    

    Standard:ONVIF (PROFILE S, PROFILE G), PSIA, CGI, ISAPI 

     General Function: 

    

One-key Reset, Anti-Flicker, Heartbeat, Mirror, Password Protection, Privacy Mask, 

Watermark, 

IP Address Filter 

     Interface 

     Communication Interface: 1 RJ45 10M/100M self-adaptive Ethernet port 

     On-board Storage: Built-in microSD/SDHC/SDXC slot, up to 128 GB 

     Smart Feature-set: 

    

 Behavior Analysis: Line crossing detection, intrusion detection, unattended baggage 

detection, object removal 

detection 

    

 Line Crossing Detection: Cross a pre-defined virtual line, up to 1 pre-defined virtual lines 

supported 

    

 Intrusion Detection: Enter and loiter in a pre-defined virtual region, up to 1 pre-defined 

virtual regions supported 

    

Object Removal Detection: Objects removed from the pre-defined region, such as the 

exhibits on display. 

    

Unattended Baggage Detection:  Objects left over in the pre-defined region such as the 

baggage, purse, dangerous materials 



Surat Urban Development Authority 43 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

 Face Detection: Human face appears in the image can be detected and trigger linkage 

method 

 

     General: 

    

 Operating Conditions: -30 °C to +60 °C (-22 °F to +140 °F), Humidity 95% or less (non-

condensing) 

    Power Supply:12 VDC ± 25%, PoE(802.3af 42.5 – 57 V, class 3) 

    

 Power Consumption:-I5: 12 VDC ± 25%, 7 W; PoE, 9 W 

-I8: 12 VDC ± 25%, 10 W; PoE, 12.5 W 

    

 IR Range:-I5: up to 50 m 

-I8: up to 80 m 

     Protection Level: IP67 

    

 Dimensions:Camera: Φ105 × 299.7 mm (Φ4.13″ × 11.80″) 

Package: 386 × 156 × 155 mm (15.2″ × 6.14″ × 6.1″) 

     Weight: 1200 g (2.65 lb.) 

    Batteries Required:No 

      

29   2 MP 6 mm IP Cam - IR Dome With Night Vision Low lux. Make: HIKVISION/Dahua  

      

    Camera:  

    Image Sensor:-1/2.8" Progressive Scan CMOS 

    Min. Illumination :Color: 0.005 lux @(F1.2, AGC ON), 0 lux with IR 

    Shutter Speed:-1/3 s to 1/100,000 s 

    Slow Shutter:-Support 

    

Lens:2.8 mm, horizontal field of view: 108° 

4 mm, horizontal field of view: 86.4° 

6 mm, horizontal field of view: 52° 

8 mm, horizontal field of view: 40° 

12 mm, horizontal field of view: 25° 

    Lens Mount:- M12 

    Iris F1.6 

    Day &Night: IR cut filter 

    DNR :3D DNR 

    
Wide Dynamic Range : 120dB 

    3-Axis Adjustment (bracket) Pan: 0° to 360°, tilt: 0° to 100°, rotate: 0° to 360° 

    Compression Standard 

    

Video Compression:-Main stream: H.265/H.264 

Sub stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

Third stream: H.265/H.264 

    H.264 Type: Main Profile/High Profile 

    H.264+  :Support 

    H.265 :Type Main Profile 

    H.265+ :Support 

    Video Bit Rate :32 Kbps to 16 Mbps 

    Image 

         Max. Resolution :- 1920 × 1080 

    

Main Stream:-50Hz: 50fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280×720)60Hz: 60fps (1920 × 

1080, 1280 × 960, 1280×720) 



Surat Urban Development Authority 44 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    Sub Stream 50Hz: 25fps (640 × 360, 352 × 288) 60Hz: 30fps (640 × 360, 352 × 240) 

    Third Stream50Hz: 25fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 × 288)60Hz: 30fps 

(1920 × 1080, 1280 ×720, 640 × 360, 352 × 240)     

    
Image Enhancement: BLC/3D DNR  

    

Image settings:Support rotate mode. Brightness, contrast, saturation, and sharpness are 

adjustable via web 

browser and client software 

    

ROI (Region of Interest): Support 1 fixed region for mainstream and sub stream 

separately 

    Day/Night Switch::-Auto/Scheduled 

      

    Network:- 

    

Network Storage:Support microSD/SDHC/SDXC card (128G) local storage, NAS 

(NFS,SMB/CIFS), ANR 

    Alarm Trigger:Motion Detection, Tampering Alarm, Network Disconnected, IP Address 

Conflict, Illegal Login, 

HDD full, HDD error 
    

    Protocols:TCP/IP, UDP, ICMP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, DHCP, DNS, DDNS, RTP, RTSP, RTCP, 

PPPoE, NTP, UPnP, 

SMTP, SNMP, IGMP, 802.1X, QoS, IPv6 
    

    Standard:ONVIF (PROFILE S, PROFILE G), PSIA, CGI, ISAPI 

     General Function: 

    

One-key Reset, Anti-Flicker, Heartbeat, Mirror, Password Protection, Privacy Mask, 

Watermark, 

IP Address Filter 

     Interface 

     Communication Interface: 1 RJ45 10M/100M self-adaptive Ethernet port 

     On-board Storage: Built-in microSD/SDHC/SDXC slot, up to 128 GB 

     Smart Feature-set: 

    

 Behavior Analysis: Line crossing detection, intrusion detection, unattended baggage 

detection, object removal 

detection 

    

 Line Crossing Detection: Cross a pre-defined virtual line, up to 1 pre-defined virtual lines 

supported 

    

 Intrusion Detection: Enter and loiter in a pre-defined virtual region, up to 1 pre-defined 

virtual regions supported 

    

Object Removal Detection: Objects removed from the pre-defined region, such as the 

exhibits on display. 

    

Unattended Baggage Detection:  Objects left over in the pre-defined region such as the 

baggage, purse, dangerous materials 

    

 Face Detection: Human face appears in the image can be detected and trigger linkage 

method 

 

     General: 

    

 Operating Conditions: -30 °C to +60 °C (-22 °F to +140 °F), Humidity 95% or less (non-

condensing) 

    Power Supply:12 VDC ± 25%, PoE(802.3af 42.5 – 57 V, class 3) 



Surat Urban Development Authority 45 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

 Power Consumption:-12 VDC ± 25%, 6W 

PoE(802.3af, 42.5 – 57V, class 3), 7W 

 

 

    

 IR Range: up to 30 m 

 

     Protection Level: IP67 

    

 Dimensions: 

Camera: Φ 127.3 × 95.9 mm (5.01″ × 3.78″) 

Package: 150 × 150 × 141 mm (5.91″ × 5.91″ × 5.55″) 

 

 

    Weight: Camera: 620 g (1.37 lb.) 

      

30 MR 

IP PBX System make: Matrix/equivalent Supplying, Installing  & Commissioning as per 

the requirement. (Make: Matrix /Panasonic ) 

    IP Extension 100 Users License expandable up tp 500 users 

    (A) FXS Gateway  System 16 Channle  

    (B) ) FXS Gateway  System 24 Channle  

    (C) ) FXS Gateway  System 32 Channle  

      

    Technical Specifications of  EPABX 

    

 1. It shall employ IP at its core with IP switching technology and 100% non-blocking.                              

2. It shall have distributed processing architecture, SLIC and SMT Design. 

3.  The system should have VOIP and VMS at its core .i.e. VOIP and VMS Daughter-board 

modules should be on CPU. 

4. The VOIP module should have 64 channels per module and such two modules shall be 

used to increase the number of VOIP channels. 

5. The VMS module should support 64 channel expansion, VMS  shall support features 

like call queuing, multi-language support, multiple MOH 

6.  The system shall provide IP functionality at its core to support SIP/IP extensions and 

trunks over SIP protocol. It should be possible to support SIP Trunks and SIP/IP Extension 

with the single VOIP module. It should support 99SIP trunks and 999 SIP/IP users (SIP/IP 

Phone, Mobile softphones, UC Client) on single VOIP module.7.  It should support 128 IP-

TDM calls and 500 IP-IP calls (non-transcoding). 

7. The system shall integrate in-skin voice mail module on CPU with 2170 hours of 

storage capacity and dedicated mailbox for each extension. 

8. It should support SIP over TLS and SRTP. It should be IPv6 ready. 



Surat Urban Development Authority 46 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

9.  System should have 2 USB port with storage capacity up to 64 gb 

10. System should have Gigabit Ethernet ports and there should be provision to have 

LAN and WAN port separated out to create two different networks. 

§ It should have built-in multi-party conferencing. It should have minimum 15 

conference possible of 3-party. The maximum number of participants required in single 

conference would be 21 minimum 

11. The system shall have the inbuilt auto attendant facility and shall be able to answer 

minimum 9 calls simultaneously and should support dial-by-name. 

12. The system should be built on a universal slot architecture and modular in design to 

enable seamless growth, by adding the desired necessary cards as and when required. 

Any peripheral card can be inserted in any slot of the platform, whereby it is possible to 

increase or decrease the trunk lines or subscriber lines of the system as per the 

requirement in future as per mentioned maximum requirement.  

13.  The architecture of the System shall be capable of seamless migration to its 

maximum capacity by simply adding peripherals cards in the same chassis without 

compromising function/features of the system. The architecture should be non-

stackable eliminating individual power supply for each chassis.  

    

14. The system shall have multiple port interfaces such as analog extension lines, digital 

key phone, IP Extension, C.O. Line, GSM/3G, E & M Line, PRI/E1 and VoIP. All interfaces 

shall be in the form of expansion cards and can be plugged into the universal slots of the 

system as and when require in the future.VoIP and Voice mail Daughter-board module 

should be on CPU.  

§ The system should retain traditional networks (CO, ISDN, and E&M & Radio) along with 

access GSM networks in single platform just by adding expansion cards. 

    

15. It should be suitable for DTMF as well as the FSK type of telephone instrumen It 

should be possible to reach the maximum capacity of main system up to 240 extensions, 

8 PRI and 96 digital extensions, 64 CO lines,99 SIP trunks,1000 IP extension,16 radio 

ports & 32 E&M ,32 BRI and 40 GSM trunk on the same platform without adding any 

cabinet and with single power supply. 16.n   The system memory should be based on 

Flash EPROM for higher reliability and faster rebooting minimum storage capacity of 256 

MB ROM,2GB RAM & 900 MHZ clock speed 

 System power supply should be inbuilt and SMPS type ,It shall also work on 230 VAC 

supply or 48 V DC +/- 20% 

§ The system should  support 19” Rack mount with 4U enclosure, wall mount &table top 

mount 

§ System shall support E & M Port to connect E & M Lines 

§ System shall support Magneto ports to connect Magneto phone 

§ The system shall have an ISDN Digital platform and shall be compatible with ISDN PRI 

line of Local Service Provider.  

    

§ SYSTEM should support networking over PRI with fiber optic connectivity. External 

media converter should not be required. 

§ Multiple systems at different locations should be able to connect with each other 

without any link licenses. 

§ The system should have inbuilt Power failure transfer functionality on card. No 

external devices for Power failure required. The system should have built-in Power 

Failure Transfer for minimum 4 ports of PSTN Trunks. 

§ The system should have set of hybrid cards such as 4 PSTN+16 Extensions, 4 DKP+16 

Extensions, 2 PSTN+2 DKP+16 Extensions, 4 PSTN+2 DKP+12 Extensions, 4 PSTN+2 

DKP+8 Extensions to save on the resources of universal slots and investment only on the 

required number of ports. 

§ The system should have in-skin GSM card so that the multiple SIMs can be inserted on 

the GSM card plugged on to the PBX platform. Hence, the calls on GSM mobile can be 



Surat Urban Development Authority 47 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

routed through this SIMs and contribute in reduction of overall telecom bill. No 

requirement of external device for GSM connectivity.   

§ System should support HF/VHF/UHF radio from a single card. 

    

§ The System should support Radio Connectivity with the in-skin card. It should have 

minimum 4 radio interface port per card.  It should support HF/VHF/UHF with the same 

RIC card. It should  be interoperable with following make of Radios:  

• MOTOROLA GM338 

• TADIRAN RT 6001/PRC 6020 (HF) 

• TADIRAN RT - 7330M VHF 

• STARS V MKII 25 W  

• LUP 322(V/VHF trans receiver) 

• HYT TM -610  

• CODAN HF Radio 

• Motorola XIR M8268 UHF 

• ICOM IC-F 110 

§ The offered exchange should be an ISDN ready switch. The system platform should 

always be ready for ISDN and only the necessary in skin ISDN cards need to be added for 

functionality. 

§ The system should support SMPP protocol to send/receive SMS using in-skin GSM 

SIMs within System. Any software required to send/receive SMS shall also to quote 

separately.  

§ The system shall have at least 1 RS232 ports for SMDR/PMS/CAS Interface.  

§ The system can be programmed through Analog telephone, Digital key phone, and 

Ethernet without any external devices.  

    

§ The system shall have a built-in remote maintenance facility. The system can be 

programmed remotely over the internet without any modem required on the PBX side.  

§ The call ringing sequence would be programmable and have options such as 

simultaneous, hunting off, round robin and delayed simultaneous.  

§ Caller line identification (CLI) on Analog and digital/PRI trunks shall be built-in for both 

DTMF and FSK telephone instrument.  

§ Detail reports of all system parameters should be generated through the SMDR port of 

System. External third party Billing software shall not be required for basic report 

generation. Reports shall be directly saved in PDF format. 

§ The offered system should be QSIG ready (for PRI) for Networking and Feature 

Transparency between two or more exchanges.  

§ Each port of the system shall be programmable. It shall have programmable features 

port-wise/extension-wise. 

§ The system shall support flexible numbering for extensions such as it may have 

extensions with 1 digit, 2 digits and up to 6 digits numbers as well as in combination of 

all. 

ming and internal call reports shall be generated on SMDR port of the system. It shall 

also be available online through Ethernet Port. 

§ The system should have built-in outgoing Call Log buffer of 6000 calls, incoming call log 

buffer of 5000 and call log buffer of 1000 internal calls.    



Surat Urban Development Authority 48 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

§ Voice guided auto-attendant shall be preferably built-in. 

§ System should support dial form the directory. There shall be minimum 900numbers 

possible and shall also possible to dial it as an abbreviated number. 

§ Features given to an extension shall be accessed from any other extension by dialing 

the secret codes. 

§ System features shall have class of service, night service, conference, auto diagnostic 

etc. Class of service shall be unrestricted. STD restricted and semi restricted  

§ System shall support SMS to Email and Email to SMS Feature without use of any 

additional software 

§ System shall support SMS on NO reply 

§ System shall support 128 VMS extensions over QSIG 

§ SNTP client should be inbuilt in System 

§ The system shall have features as CLI based routing, call duration control, least cost 

routing i.e. time, number or combination of both.  

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, extension to central 

office, extension to operator, automatic call back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, 

executive/secretary, do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail box should be available 

with voice mail system card of System. Conversation recording should be possible on 

Analog/Digital/IP as well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ System's UC Client should support up to 1000 DSS, 600 BLF and drag & drop 

conference 

§ The system must support following features of IP telephony: Dynamic DNS, Registrar 

Server, Proxy Server, Presence Server, NAT and STUN, VoIP codec G.711u, G.711a, 

G.723, G.729. 

§ Varied type of open SIP IP Terminals such as IP Phone, SIP soft phone and Mobile SIP 

Client shall be supported.  

§ The manufacturer should also have an application for Android and iPhone so that the 

enterprise mobility can be extended for the Smartphone users.  

§ Supplied IP Phones and PC based soft phones should be of the same manufacturer.  

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail box should be available 

with voice mail system card of System. Conversation recording should be possible on 

Analog/Digital/IP as well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ IP phone operational functionality should be same as Digital Extension of PBX 

§ system shall support SNMP  

§ System shall support video conferencing over ISDN PRI/BRI 

§ System should have capability to support Video call Over IP 

§ System shall support Direct termination of E1 over Fiber without using any external 

media convertor 

§ System shall support in skin Data card for data transfer over E1 copper & E1 fiber 

§ System should be Fully operational between Temperature  0⁰C to +45⁰C  

§ System should be certified for EMI/EMC, CE, FCC15B, 

 

System should have in-skin Voice Mail System with following features: 

§ Attend as much as 64 calls simultaneously with flexibility of routing callers to desired 

extension or delivering information depend upon the selection 

§ Dial-by-Name to reach the intended user directly without knowing/remembering  

extension number 

§ Selectively allocate voicemails to users with the flexibility of customizable mailbox size 

and greetings for All/Selective users 

§ Group mailbox to share messages between departmental groups  



Surat Urban Development Authority 49 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

§ Anywhere access to voice mail with just a phone call 

§ Password protected secured voice mail access 

§ Record important conversations for future reference and record maintenance  

§ Redirection of voice mails to another extension in case of non-availability 

§ Tag voice mails while Forwarding Messages to Another Mailbox 

§ Broadcast voice message to a group of personnel, at a go 

§ Distribution lists for delivery of voice mails to different set of users or groups 

§ Message wait indication via ring, change in dial-tone, voice message or message wait 

lamp  

§ Notification of a new voice mail via email alert or a phone call 

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, extension to central 

office, extension to operator, automatic call back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, 

executive/secretary, do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ Operator features shall have the assistance to extension, attended call transfer, call 

intercept, indication of call waiting, night service control etc.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

§ The system shall have built-in web based software programming tool for system 

administration.  

§ Access codes, system timers and access to features shall be programmable.      § 

Storage of outgoing, incoming and internal call reports shall be generated on SMDR port 

of the system. It shall also be available online through Ethernet Port. 

§ The system should have built-in outgoing Call Log buffer of 6000 calls, incoming call log 

buffer of 5000 and call log buffer of 1000 internal calls.    

§ Voice guided auto-attendant shall be preferably built-in. 

§ System should support dial form the directory. There shall be minimum 900numbers 

possible and shall also possible to dial it as an abbreviated number. 

§ Features given to an extension shall be accessed from any other extension by dialing 

the secret codes. 

§ System features shall have class of service, night service, conference, auto diagnostic 

etc. Class of service shall be unrestricted. STD restricted and semi restricted  

§ System shall support SMS to Email and Email to SMS Feature without use of any 

additional software 



Surat Urban Development Authority 50 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ System shall support SMS on NO reply 

§ System shall support 128 VMS extensions over QSIG 

§ SNTP client should be inbuilt in System 

§ The system shall have features as CLI based routing, call duration control, least cost 

routing i.e. time, number or combination of both.  

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, extension to central 

office, extension to operator, automatic call back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, 

executive/secretary, do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail box should be available 

with voice mail system card of System. Conversation recording should be possible on 

Analog/Digital/IP as well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ System's UC Client should support up to 1000 DSS, 600 BLF and drag & drop 

conference 

§ The system must support following features of IP telephony: Dynamic DNS, Registrar 

Server, Proxy Server, Presence Server, NAT and STUN, VoIP codec G.711u, G.711a, 

G.723, G.729. 

§ Varied type of open SIP IP Terminals such as IP Phone, SIP soft phone and Mobile SIP 

Client shall be supported.  

    

§ Supplied IP Phones and PC based soft phones should be of the same manufacturer.  

§ The system shall have a conversational recording in the mail box should be available 

with voice mail system card of System. Conversation recording should be possible on 

Analog/Digital/IP as well as Mobile SIP Smartphones (Android/iPhone). 

§ IP phone operational functionality should be same as Digital Extension of PBX 

§ system shall support SNMP  

§ System shall support video conferencing over ISDN PRI/BRI 

§ System should have capability to support Video call Over IP 

§ System shall support Direct termination of E1 over Fiber without using any external 

media convertor 

§ System shall support in skin Data card for data transfer over E1 copper & E1 fiber 

§ System should be Fully operational between Temperature  0⁰C to +45⁰C  

§ System should be certified for EMI/EMC, CE, FCC15B, 

    

System should have in-skin Voice Mail System with following features: 

§ Attend as much as 64 calls simultaneously with flexibility of routing callers to desired 

extension or delivering information depend upon the selection 

§ Dial-by-Name to reach the intended user directly without knowing/remembering  

extension number 

§ Selectively allocate voicemails to users with the flexibility of customizable mailbox size 

and greetings for All/Selective users 

§ Group mailbox to share messages between departmental groups  

§ Anywhere access to voice mail with just a phone call 

§ Password protected secured voice mail access 

§ Record important conversations for future reference and record maintenance  

§ Redirection of voice mails to another extension in case of non-availability 

§ Tag voice mails while Forwarding Messages to Another Mailbox 

§ Broadcast voice message to a group of personnel, at a go 

§ Distribution lists for delivery of voice mails to different set of users or groups 

§ Message wait indication via ring, change in dial-tone, voice message or message wait 

lamp  



Surat Urban Development Authority 51 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

§ Extension features shall have an extension to extension call, extension to central 

office, extension to operator, automatic call back, call transfer, call forward, follow me, 

executive/secretary, do not disturb, barge-in, raid, Boss ring, Priority, emergency 

reporting etc. 

§ Operator features shall have the assistance to extension, attended call transfer, call 

intercept, indication of call waiting, night service control etc.  

    

• Abbreviated Dialing (Global & Personal)      

• Access Codes (Programmable) 

• Account Codes (Forced) 

• Alarm-Multiple  

• Alarms 

• Alarm-Snooze 

• Allowed and Denied Lists 

• Alternate Number Dialing 

• Anonymous Call Rejection (SIP) 

• Auto Call Back (Busy, No Reply) 

• Auto Redial 

• Auto-Attendant  

• Background Music  

• Backup SMDR 

• Backup-System Configuration 

• Backup-System Software 

• Barge-in 

• Boss Ring 

• Call Budget on Extensions 

• Call Budget on Trunks 

• Call Chaining 

• Call Cost Calculation  

• Call Duration Control 

• Call Follow Me 

• Call Forward (Busy, No Reply , Dual Ring and to External Number) 

• Call Park (General and Personal Orbit) 

• 

    

 Call Pick Up (Group and Selective) 

• Call Progress Tones (Programmable) 

• Call Splitting 

• Call Taping 

• Call Transfer (Screened, On Busy ,  

While Ringing, Trunk to Trunk) 

• Calling Line Identification & 

• Presentation (CLIP) 

• Calling Line Identity Restriction (CLIR) 

• Cancel All Station Features 

• Class of Service (COS) 

• CLI based Routing 

• Closed User Group (With/Without Exchange ID)  

• Computer Telephony Integration (CTI) 

• Conference Dial-in  



Surat Urban Development Authority 52 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Conference – Multiple Participants 

• Conflict Dialing 

• Continued Dialing 

• Conversation Recording 

• Date and Time Format 

• Daylight Saving Time (DST) 

• Direct Inward Dialing (DID) 

• Day-Night Mode 

• Department Call 

• Digest Authentication (on SIP) 

• Direct Dialing-In (DDI on T1/E1/PRI) 

• Direct Inward System Access (DISA) 

• Direct Outward System Access (DOSA) 

• Direct Station Selection Console  

• (DSS Console) 

• Distinctive Rings  

• Do-Not-Disturb (DND) 

• Do-Not-Disturb (Remote) 

• Dual Ring 

• Dynamic DNS (DDNS) 

• Dynamic Lock (Manual) 

• E-mail Notification (VMS) 

• Embedded Registrar and Proxy Servers (SIP Server) 

• 

    

 Emergency Calls Detection and Reporting 

• Emergency Conference 

• Emergency Number Dialing 

• External Call 

• External Call Forward (ECF) 

• Fax over IP (T .38 Relay and Pass-Through) 

• File Transfer Protocol 

• Flexible Numbers (Up to 6 Digits) 

• Forced Answer 

• Help Desk 

• Hold 

• Hot Desking 

• Hot Outward Dialing (With/Without Number & Delay) 

• Hotline (Immediate and With Delay) 

• Hunting/User Group 

• Incoming Call Management 

• Installation Wizard 

• Internal Call 

• Internal Call Restriction 

• Interrupt Request 

• Last Caller Recall 

• Last Number Redial 

• Least Cost Routing (Number , Time and Service • Provider to Service Provider , Carrier 

Pre-Selection) 

• Live Call Screening (VMS) 

• Live Call Supervision 

• Logical Partitioning  

•  



Surat Urban Development Authority 53 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Maturity (Polarity Reversal, Delay , CPD) 

• Menu based Command (DKP) 

• Message Wait Indication  

• Missed Calls 

• Music-On-Hold 

• Mobile Port (GSM/3G Port) 

• Multi-Stage Dialing  

• Mute 

• Name Programming (Station, Trunk) 

• NAT and STUN (VoIP) 

• Network Selection (GSM) 

• Off-Hook Alert (DKP) 

• Online SMDR 

• Operator (Single, Multiple) 

• Override 

• Paging (Internal ) 

• Peer-to-Peer Calling 

• Priority (Intercom and Trunk) 

• Privacy 

• Programming the System  

• (Using SLT , DKP , Ethernet Port) 

• Quick Dial 

• Raid 

• Real Time Clock  

• Region Selection 

• Remote Alarm 

• Remote Call Forward 

• Remote Programming 

• Routing Group 

• Return Call to Original Caller (RCOC) 

• Room Monitor 

• RS232C Port 

• SMDR Posting (Call Accounting System Interface) 

• SMS Gateway 

• SMS Server 

• Self-Ring Test 

• Selective Trunk Access 

• SIP and RTP QoS (VoIP) 

• Station Groups 

• Station Message Detail Record - 12000 Records) 

• Station Name 

• System Activity Log and Display 

• System Administrator (SA) Mode 

    

• Remote Programming 

• Routing Group 

• Return Call to Original Caller (RCOC) 

• Room Monitor 

• RS232C Port 

• SMDR Posting (Call Accounting System Interface) 

• SMS Gateway 

• SMS Server 

• Self-Ring Test 



Surat Urban Development Authority 54 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

• Selective Trunk Access 

• SIP and RTP QoS (VoIP) 

• Station Groups 

• Station Message Detail Record - 12000 Records) 

• Station Name 

• System Activity Log and Display 

• System Administrator (SA) Mode 

    

• System Engineer (SE) Mode 

• System Fault Log 

• System Security (Password) 

• Time Tables 

• Time Zone Display 

• Toll Control 

• Trunk Access Group 

• Trunk Auto Answer 

• Trunk Connectivity (BRI) 

• Trunk Connectivity (GSM/3G) 

• Trunk Connectivity (T1/E1/ISDN PRI) 

• Trunk Connectivity (TWT or CO) 

• Trunk Connectivity (VoIP) 

• Trunk Reservation 

• Upgrading the Software  

• User Absent/Present 

• Virtual Stations 

• Voice Message Applications 

• Voice Prompts for Tones 

• Walk-In Class of Service (Single/Multiple calls) 

• Web based Programming 

• GSM Trunk Connectivity   

• Automatic Call to Missed (Predefined)   Calls on Trunks 

• Routing of calls to only permissible legal networks (Logical Partitioning) 

• SMDR though Ethernet Port 

    Technical Specification of Digital Key phone:- 

    

• 240*64 Pixels Graphical LCD with Backlit 

• LED for Incoming/Ongoing Call, Mute, Hold 

• Add on 32 key module support, maximum 4 key modules shall be supported 

• Intuitive User Interface with Icons 

• Multiple Languages Caller ID with Name, Number 

• 49 keys including 4 Context Sensitive Hard Keys 

• 1 x RJ9 Handset Port 

• 1 x RJ9 Headset Port 

• 1 x 3.5 mm Headset Port 

• Installation: Wall Mount, Table-top, 

• CE, FCC-15. RoHS certified 



Surat Urban Development Authority 55 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Mute 

• Call Hold 

• Do Not Disturb 

• Speed Dial 

• Hotline 

• Redial 

• Call Back 

• Auto Answer 

• Call Forward 

• Call Waiting 

• Call Transfer 

• Room Monitoring 

• Conference 

• Directory 

• Call Logs 

• Dial-by-Name 

• Message wait Lamp 

• Ringer Lamp 

• Voice Mail 

• Call Pickup – Group and Selective 

    

Technical Specification of Type-1  IP Phone:  • 132 x 64 Pixel Graphical Display 

• Context Sensitive and Fixed Function Keys 

• Full Duplex Speakerphone with AEC, VAD, CNG 

• TLS/SRTP for Voice Security 

• Integrated PoE (802.3af) 

• Auto Provision, TR069 

• IPv6 Ready, PC and LAN Ports 

• 132x64-pixel Graphical LCD  

• LED for Incoming/Ongoing Call, MWI, Mute, Hold 

• Intuitive User Interface with Icons and Soft keys 

• Multiple Languages 

• Caller ID with Name, Number 

• 2 x 10/100 Mbps LAN & PC Ports 

• 29 keys including 4 Soft Keys 

• 1 x RJ9 Handset Port 

• 1 x RJ9 Headset Port 

• Installation: Wall Mount, Table-top 

• CE, FCC-15 (Class-B), RoHS 

    

Phone Book 

• Local Phonebook up to 1000 entries Black List 

• XML Remote Phonebook 

• Intelligent Search Method 

• Phonebook Search/Import/Export 

• Call History: Dialed/Received/Missed/Forwarded 



Surat Urban Development Authority 56 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Phone Features 

• Full-duplex Hands-free Speakerphone with AEC 

• Codecs: G.711(A/μ), G.722, G.723, G.729, G.726, iLBC 

• DTMF: In-band, Out-of-band (RFC 2833) and SIP INFO  

• VAD, CNG, AEC, PLC, AJB, AGC 

• 1 VoIP Account 

• Call Hold, Mute, DND  

• One-touch Speed Dial, Hotline 

• Redial, Call Return, Auto Answer 

• Call Forward, Call Waiting, Call Transfer 

• Local 3-way Conferencing 

• Direct IP Call without SIP Proxy 

• Ringtone Selection/Import/Delete 

• Keypad Lock, Emergency Call 

• Set Date & Time Manually or Automatically 

• Dial Plan, XML Browser, Action URL/URI 

• Instant Messaging (Web UI and Phone) 

Call Management 

• Anonymous Call (CLIR)  

• Anonymous Call Rejection 

• Message Waiting Indicator (MWI) 

• Voicemail, Call Pickup 

• Intercom, Music on Hold 

• Call Completion, Hot-desking 

• Dial out Number from Web UI 

    

Networking and Security 

• SIP v1 (RFC2543), v2 (RFC3261) 

• IPv6 

• NAT Transverse: STUN Mode 

• Proxy Mode and Peer-to-Peer SIP Link Mode 

• IP Assignment: Static/DHCP/PPPoE 

• HTTP/HTTPS Web Server 

• Time and Date Synchronization using SNTP 

• UDP/TCP/DNS-SRV (RFC 3263) 

• QoS: 802.1p/Q Tagging (VLAN), Layer 3 ToS, DSCP 

• SRTP for Voice  

• Transport Layer Security (TLS) 

• HTTPS Certificate Manager 

• AES Encryption for Configuration File 

• Digest Authentication using MD5/MD5-sess 

• IEEE802.1X 

• SNMP v1/v2 

    

Management 

• Configuration: Browser/Phone/Auto Provision 

• Auto Provision via FTP/TFTP/HTTP/HTTPS for Mass Deploy 

• Server Redundancy 

• Factory Reset  

• Soft Reboot 

• Package Tracing  

• System Log 



Surat Urban Development Authority 57 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Power Supply 

• Power Adapter: 5VDC/600mA (Included in the Box) 

• Power over Ethernet (IEEE 802.3af) 

• Power Consumption: 5W (Typical) 

• Connector: DC Power Jack 

    Technical Specification for Type-2 IP Phone 

    

• 240*64 Pixels Graphical LCD with Backlit 

• LED for Incoming/Ongoing Call, Mute, Hold 

• Add on 32 key module support, maximum  key modules shall be supported 

• Intuitive User Interface with Icons 

• Multiple Languages Caller ID with Name, Number 

• 49 keys including 4 Context Sensitive Hard Keys 

• 1 x RJ9 Handset Port 

• 1 x RJ9 Headset Port 

• 1 x 3.5 mm Headset Port 

• Installation: Wall Mount, Table-top 

• CE,FCC-15,RoHS 

• Power over Ethernet (IEEE 802.3af) 

• Power Consumption: 5W (Typical) 

• Connector: DC Power Jack, 5VDC/600mA 

• Operating Temperature Range =0 to 45°C 

• Storage Temperature = 0 to 55°C 

• Message wait Lamp 

• Ringer Lamp 

• Voice Mail 

• Call Pickup – Group and Selective 

• Paging 

    Phone Features 

    

• Mute 

• Call Hold 

• Do Not Disturb 

• Speed Dial 

• Hotline 

• Redial 

• Call Back 

• Auto Answer 

• Call Forward 

• Call Waiting 

• Call Transfer 

• Room Monitoring 

• Conference • Directory 

• Call Logs 

• Paging 

• Dial-by-Name 

    Technical Specification of Mobile UC client for Android/IPhone: 



Surat Urban Development Authority 58 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

• Shall be installed on android OS 2.2 or later 

• Shall be installed on IOS 7 or later 

• Comprehensive Call Management 

• One-Touch Access to PBX Features 

• Corporate Directory Integration 

• Video Calling 

• Favorites   

• Presence Sharing and Instant Messaging 

• Voice Mail Access 

• Conversation Recording 

• Call management – call hold, transfer, forward, DND and intercom 

• Multiparty audio conferencing 

• Blind transfer 

• Menu options - Call Pickup, Paging, Message wait, Call Retrieve, Alarm and Reminder, 

Dynamic Lock, Dial-In Conference, CLIR, Room monitoring & Call supervision 

• Dial by extension 

• Call Screening - ACB, Forced Answer, Global Hold, General Call Park, Call Chaining,IR& 

Barge-IN 

• Multiple call support 

• SMS over IP 

• One touch transfer 

• Wi-Fi to cellular handover 

• Multiple language support 

• Call toggle 

• Auto call back 

• Auto redial 

• Forced answer 

• Open a door 

• Call logs 

• Missed calls notification 

• DND override 

    Technical Specification of Windows Desktop based UC Soft client: 

    

• Windows Desktop based UC Client for Seamless Collaboration, shall support 

installation on windows 7 service pack 1 or higher 

• Corporate Directory Integration 

• 1000 DSS & 600 BLF keys for Monitoring 

• Popup Window for Incoming Message and Call 

• Presence Sharing and Instant Messaging 

• Video Calling  

• Drag and Drop Conference 

• Contact Grouping 

• Video call 

• Voicemail 

• Favorites 

• Call management – call hold, transfer, forward, DND and intercom 

• Multiparty audio conferencing 

• Blind transfer 

• Menu options - Call Pickup, Paging, Message wait, Call Retrieve, Alarm and Reminder, 

Dynamic Lock, Dial-In Conference, CLIR, Room monitoring & Call supervision 

• Handover to external number 

• Smart directory access 

• Dial by extension 



Surat Urban Development Authority 59 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

• Call Screening - ACB, Forced Answer, Global Hold, General Call Park, Call Chaining, Call 

Recording, IR & Barge-IN 

• Multiple call support 

• SMS over IP 

• One touch transfer 

• Call toggle 

• Auto call back 

• Auto redial 

• Forced answer 

• Open a door 

• Call logs 

• Missed calls notification 

• DND override 

• Click to Call 

• Outlook Integration 

• Calendar Integration 

• Keyboard Integration 

      

31   

4 MP Speed Doom PTZ 25X Zoom Make : HIKVISION/Dahau  or equivalent Suppling, 

Installation & Configuring as per security requirements. 

    

 Camera Module:  DS-2DE7430IW-AE 

 E Series 4MP 30× IR Network Speed Dome 

     Image Sensor:1/1.9" progressive scan CMOS 

    

 Min. Illumination: Color: 0.005 Lux @(F1.5, AGC ON) 

B/W: 0.002 Lux @(F1.5, AGC ON) 

0 Lux with IR 

    

 Shutter Time: 50Hz: 1/1 s to 1/30,000 s 

60Hz: 1/1 s to 1/30,000 s 

    

 White Balance: Auto/Manual/ATW (Auto-tracking White 

Balance)/Indoor/Outdoor/Fluorescent 

Lamp/Sodium Lamp 

     AGC:  Auto/Manual 

     Day & Night:  IR cut filter 

    Digital Zoom: 16× 

     Privacy Mask: 8 programmable privacy masks 

    Focus Mode: Auto/Semi-automatic/Manual 

     3D DNR: Support 

    BLC: Support 

    HLC: Support 

    Digital WDR:Support 

    Defog: Support 

    EIS:Support 

    Regional Exposure: Support 

    Regional Focus : Support 

    Lens: 

     Focal Length:  5.9 mm to 177 mm, 30× Optical Zoom 

     Zoom Speed: Approx. 4.8 s (Optical Lens, Wide-Tele) 

     Horizontal FOV:48.8° to 2.3° (Wide-Tele) 

    Working Distance:10 mm to 1500 mm (Wide-Tele) 

    Aperture Range:F1.5 to F3.4 



Surat Urban Development Authority 60 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

     PTZ: 

    Movement Range (Pan):360° endless 

    Pan Speed: Configurable, from 0.1°/s to 160°/s, Preset Speed: 240°/s 

     Movement Range (Tilt): From -15° to 90° (Auto Flip) 

    Tilt Speed: Configurable, from 0.1°/s to 120°/s, Preset Speed: 200°/s 

    Proportional Zoom: Support 

    Presets:300 

    Patrol Scan:8 patrols, up to 32 presets for each patrol 

    Pattern Scan: 4 pattern scans, record time over 10 minutes for each scan 

    Power-off Memory: Support 

    

Park Action:Preset/Pattern Scan/Patrol Scan/Auto Scan/Tilt Scan/Random Scan/Frame 

Scan/Panorama 

Scan 

     PTZ Status Display:Support 

    Preset Freezing: Support 

    

Scheduled Task: Preset/Pattern Scan/Patrol Scan/Auto Scan/Tilt Scan/Random 

Scan/Frame Scan/Panorama 

Scan/Dome Reboot/Dome Adjust/Aux Output 

    Smart Features: 

    

Basic Event Detection: Motion Detection, Video Tampering, Alarm Input, Alarm Output, 

Exception 

    

Smart Event Detection: Audio Exception Detection, Face Detection, Intrusion Detection, 

Line Crossing Detection, 

Region Entrance Detection, Region Exiting Detection 

    Smart Record: ANR (Automatic Network Replenishment), Dual-VCA 

     Infrared: 

     IR Distance:150 m 

    Smart IR: Support 

    
IR Control: IR brightness and angle are intelligently adjustable according to the scenes. 

     Network: 

    Max. Resolution: 2560 × 1536 

    

Main Stream: 50Hz: 25fps (2560 × 1536, 2048 × 1536, 1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 

720) 

50fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720) 

60Hz: 30fps (2560 × 1536, 2048 × 1536, 1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720) 

60fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720) 

    

Sub-Stream: 50Hz: 25fps (704 × 576, 640 × 480, 352 × 288) 60Hz: 30fps (704 × 480, 640 × 

480, 352 × 240) 

    

Third Stream: 50Hz: 25fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720, 704 × 576, 640 × 480, 

352 × 288) 

60Hz: 30fps (1920 × 1080, 1280 × 960, 1280 × 720, 704 × 480, 640 × 480, 352 × 240) 

    ROI: Main stream, sub-stream and third stream respectively support four fixed areas 

    

Video Compression: Main Stream: H.265+/H.265/H.264+/H.264 

Sub-Stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

Third Stream: H.265/H.264/MJPEG 

 



Surat Urban Development Authority 61 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

H.264 with Baseline/Main/High Profile 

    Audio Compression: G.711alaw/G.711ulaw/G.722.1/G.726/MP2L2/PCM 

    

Protocols: IPv4/IPv6, HTTP, HTTPS, 802.1x, Qos, FTP, SMTP, UPnP, SNMP, DNS, DDNS, 

NTP, RTSP, 

RTCP, RTP, TCP, UDP, IGMP, ICMP, DHCP, PPPoE, Bonjour 

     Simultaneous Live View: Up to 20 channels 

    User/Host: Up to 32 users, 3 levels: Administrator, Operator and User 

    

Security Measures: User Authentication (User ID and Password), Host Authentication 

(MAC address), HTTPS 

Encryption, IEEE 802.1x Port-Based Network Access control, IP address Filtering 

     System Integration:  

    Alarm Input: 2-ch alarm input 

     Alarm Output: 1-ch alarm output 

    

Alarm Linkage: Preset, Patrol Scan, Pattern Scan, Memory Card Video Recording, Trigger 

Recording, 

E-Map, VCA Capture, Upload to FTP, Send Email, etc. 

     Audio Input: 1-ch audio input 

     Audio Output:1-ch audio output 

    Network Interface: 1 RJ45 10 M/100 M Ethernet Interface, Hi-PoE 

    

Storage: Built-in memory card slot, support Micro SD/SDHC/SDXC, up to 128 GB, NAS 

(NPS, SMB/ 

CIPS), ANR 

    

API: Open-ended, support ONVIF, PSIA and CGI, support HIKVISION SDK and Third-Party 

Management Platform 

     Client: iVMS-4200, iVMS-4500, iVMS-5200 

     Web Browser: IE 8+, Chrome 31+, Firefox 30+, Safari 8.0+ web browser 

     General: 

    

 Power:24 VAC & Hi-PoE 

Max.: 40 W 

Supplement Light: 19 W 

    Working Temperature: Outdoor: -30°C to 65°C (-22°F to 149°F) 

     Working Humidity: ≤ 90% 

    

Protection Level: IP66 Standard, TVS 4000V Lightning Protection, Surge Protection and 

Voltage Transient 

Protection 

     Dimensions: Φ 220 mm × 353.4 mm (Φ 8.66" × 13.91") 

    Weight: Approx. 4.5 kg (9.92 lb) 

      

32   

Raised Flooring For Sever room With Installtion (Make:- Unitile/Unifloor/ztfloor  or 

equivallent 

    

Concentrated Loads : 

360 Kgs (800 lbf ) with a top-surface deflection under load and a permanent set not to 

exceed 2.54 & 

0.25 mm (0.10 & 0.010 inch) respectively according to CISCA A/F, Section I ‘’ 



Surat Urban Development Authority 62 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

Concentrated Loads’’ 

    

Ultimate Concentrated Load: 

900 kgs (2000 lbf) without failing according to CISCA A/F, Section II ‘’ Ultimate Loading’’ 

    

Rolling Loads : 

180 kgs ( 400 lbf) of the following magnitude, with a combination of local and overall 

deformation not to 

exceed 1.02 mm (0.040 inch) according to CISCA A/F, Section III ‘’ Rolling Loads’’ 

CISCA AF Rolling Load: 10000 Passes 

    

Stringer Load Testing : 

102 Kgs (225 lbf) at the centre of the span with a permanent set not to exceed 0.25mm ( 

0.010 inch) as 

determined by CISCA A/F, Section IV, ‘’ Stringer Load Testing’’ 

    

Pedestal Axial Load Test : 

22 kN axial Load per pedestal, according to CISCA A/F, Section V, ‘’Pedestal Axial Load 

Test ’’ 

    

Pedestal Over Turning Moment Test : 113 N x meters ,according to CISCA A/F, Section VI, 

‘’Pedestal 

Overturning Moment Test’’ 

    

Uniformly Distributed Load (UDL): 1080 kg/m2 with a maximum permissible deflection 

of not more 

than 1.52 mm as per definition of “Uniform load” of CISCA tested over an area of 1 ft x 1 

ft for 220 lbf/ft2 

load. 

Note: The uniform load rating of an access floor panel as specified here in should not be 

confused with 

the “uniform live load” as specified in seismic zone application. 

    

Soft body impact test on the system shall be with a load of 40 kgs dropped form a height 

of 1000 mm 

and shall comply to all the performance as specified in the test method (T12.03) of MOB 

PF2 PS 

Standards. 

    

Hard body impact test on the system shall be with 4.5 kgs dropped from a height of 600 

mm and shall 

comply to all the performance as specified in the test method (T13.03) of MOB PF2 PS 

Standards. 

    

Fire Rating : 

The Panels shall confirm to Class O & Class 1 Fire Ratings tested as per BS 476 Part 6 (Fire 

Propagation) 

& 7 (Surface spread of flame) as also ASTM E84 1998 (Flammability) and ASTM E136 

(Combustibility) 

    

Electrical Resistivity : 

As per ASTM F150/ NFPA 99 / ANSI S7.1 / CEI 61340 but modified for surface to ground. 

To place one 

electrode on the Access floor Panel surface and to attach the other electrode on the 

pedestal. 

Resistance to be tested at 100/500 volts 

1. Conductive range : 2.5x104 – 1x 106 Ohms (surface to ground) 

2. Static dissipative range : 1x106 – 1x109 Ohms (surface to ground) 

3. Anti static range : 1x109 – 2x1010 Ohms (surface to surface) 



Surat Urban Development Authority 63 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

Fabrication Tolerance 

A. Floor panel flatness : ± 0.75 mm in any direction 

B. Floor panel width or length from specified size : ± 0.50mm 

C. Floor panel squareness : ± 0.38 mm 

    

Installation Tolerance 

A. Overall level before application of any load : ± 1.5 mm over any 5.00 Sqmt 

± 6 mm over any size of basic space 

B. Panel level : + 0.75 mm before the application of any load 

C. Panel Interchangeability installation and removal : shall be interchangeable (except 

for field cut panels) 

and replaceable in any of the four directions at 90º 

increments 

      

      

33   

  SAN BOX with OFC connectivity with   ( 10X 10TB ) Loaded  Suppling,  Installation, 

Configuration, Virtualization Make: Dell /Linovo/HP  or equivallent ( SAN box and 

server should be in same make.)  

    

PowerVault MD3800f, 16G Fibre Channel, 2U-12 drive 

Components. 

    1 Bezel Assembly, MD3800f 

    2 Hard Drive Blank Filler 3.5 

    10 10TB 7.2K RPM NLSAS 512e 3.5in Hot-plug Hard Drive 

    2 Controller, 16G FC, 2U MD38xxF, 8G Cache 

    2 2X SFP, FC16, 16GB 

    1 Power Supply, AC 600W, Redundant 

    2 Jumper Cord,10A,2M,C13/C14 (India BIS) 

    4 Multi-Mode Fibre Channel Cable LC-LC 2 Meters 

    1 ReadyRails II Static Rails for 4-post Racks 

    Software 

    1 No Software 

    Service 

    1 ProDeploy Dell Storage MD Series 3XXX 2U SAN up to 8 hosts - Deployment 

    1 ProDeploy Dell Storage MD Series 3XXX 2U SAN - Deployment Verification 

    1 Technical Support 

    1 ProSupport: 7x24 Technical Support & Assistance: 3Yr 

    1 Next Business Day Onsite Service Year 1-3 (NBD) 

    1 # Limited Warranty: Year 1-3 (POW) 

    1 3Yr ProSupport: Next Business Day Service (Parts+Labor) 

    1 No Remote Advisory Services Purchased 

      

34   

PowerEdge R740 Server R740   2 U Rack server with Raid 5 + RPS +64GB RAM Suppling,  

Installation, Configuration, Virtualization Make: Dell /Linovo/HP  .( SAN box and server should 

be in same make.)  

      



Surat Urban Development Authority 64 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

1 PowerEdge R740/R740XD Motherboard 

 

1 Intel Xeon Silver 4108 1.8G, 8C/16T, 9.6GT/s , 11M Cache, Turbo, HT (85W) DDR4-2400 

 

1 Chassis with up to 8 x 2.5" SAS/SATA Hard Drives for 1CPU Configuration 

 

1 PowerEdge 2U Standard Bezel 

 

1 Riser Config 1, 4 x8 slots 

 

1 PowerEdge R740 Shipping Material 

 

1 Quick Sync 2 (At-the-box mgmt) 

 

1 Dell EMC Luggage Tag 

 

1 2666MT/s RDIMMs 

 

1 Performance Optimized 

 

1 Blank for 1CPU Configuration 

 

2 32GB RDIMM 2666MT/s Dual Rank 

 

1 No Additional Processor 

 

1 iDRAC9,Enterprise 

 

3 600GB 15K RPM SAS 12Gbps 512n 2.5in Hot-plug Hard Drive 

 

1 PERC H740P RAID Controller, 8GB NV Cache, Mini card 

 

1 Standard 1U Heatsink 

 

1 No Internal Optical Drive 

 

1 Dual, Hot-plug, Redundant Power Supply (1+1), 750W 

 

2 Jumper Cord,10A,4M,C13/C14 (India BIS) 

 

1 No Trusted Platform Module 

 

1 Broadcom 5720 QP 1Gb Network Daughter Card 

 

1 No Operating System 

 

1 Power Saving Dell Active Power Controller 

 

1 ReadyRails Sliding Rails With Cable Management Arm 

 

1 RAID 5 

 



Surat Urban Development Authority 65 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

1 OME Server Configuration Management 

 

Software 

 

1 4 Standard Fans for R740/740XD 

 

1 No Systems Documentation, No OpenManage DVD Kit 

 

Service 

 

1 ProDeploy Dell Server R Series 1U/2U - Deployment 

 

1 ProDeploy Dell Server R Series 1U/2U - Deployment Verification 

 

1 Technical Support 

 

1 Limited Warranty:Yr1-3 (Labor) 

 

1 Limited Warranty:Yr1-3 (Parts) 

 

1 3Yr ProSupport & Mission Critical: (7x24) 4-hour Onsite Service 

 

1 Yr1-3 Mission Critical:(7x24) 4-hour Onsite Service 

 

1 3Yr ProSupport & Mission Critical:(7x24) Technical Support & Assistance 

 

1 No Remote Advisory Services Purchased 

 

 

      

      

35   Windows Server STD Core 2016 SNGL OLP Lic NL CoreLic (Minimum 8Core)  

      

36   Windows Server CAL 2016 SNGL OLP NL DvcCAL 

      

37   Biometric Attendence system with face recognization  with  Software. 

      

38   

All the Equipment Installation and Configuration necessary Security implementation as 

per the IT consultant Planning to executed. 

      

39   VMWare  Licences 

      

40   ( NAS Storage/          Make:Netgear/ QNAP /Thecus  as make. 

    256GB SATA SSD for Caching 

    HGST 6TB Ultrastar Enterprise SATA III HDD (Warranty : 5 Years) 

      

41   
Providing onsite L1 Manpower Support    (For 3 year)Rate contract will be renewed 
quartly.  

    Eligiple Criteria:- 

    

Comprrehensive AMC for hardware &system maintenance for after 3 (three) year. 



Surat Urban Development Authority 66 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

    

ELIGIBLE CRITERIA  FOR L1 SUPPORT ENGINEER 
 
- First level of troubleshooting on systems, applications, networks etc. 
- Candidates would be trained and will work in a front end client facing role and 
would be the first point of contact for any IT related issues like laptop/desktop, 
Operating systems, network connectivity etc. 
- The candidates should have excellent communication skills. 
- Decent knowledge related to operating system, hardware, networking, etc. 
- Fundamental Technical knowhow on system trouble shooting, few prominent 
knowledge areas are:-  
The eligible bidder who   having experience of  managing and supporting  of 300 +  
computers & network infrastructure . Certificate should be provided.  
• Microsoft Windows Operating Systems (9X, NT, 2000, XP) 
• Microsoft Office 
• Network Connectivity 
• Printers and print Services 
• E-Mail and Internet mail 
• Familiar with  MS Outlook email clients. 
- Excellent communication skills, with neutral accent. (Voice based Support) 
- Excellent written communication skills with email etiquettes. 
- Comfortable with rotational shifts 

    

skills : 
• Design and implement functional networks 
• Configure, manage, and maintain essential network devices 
• Use devices such as switches and routers to segment network traffic and create 
resilient networks 
• Identify benefits and drawbacks of existing network configurations 
• Implement network security, standards, and protocols 
• Troubleshoot network problems 
• Support the creation of virtualized networks 
Education: 
Graduate / B.Tech/B.E., BCA, BCM, M.Sc., MCA, MCM 
Having CCNP  & MCSE Certified.  
Work Experience: 
10 Years 
 Industry 
 
 IT 

42    Comprrehensive AMC for hardware &system maintenance for after 3 (three) year. 

    TOTAL ESTIMATED COST 

    
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Surat Urban Development Authority 67 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

 

 

 
We herewith certify that the above mentioned equipment / products are neither end of sale nor end of 

the life nor end of support and we hereby undertake to support these equipments till the successful 

completion of Warranty Period for five years from date of delivery/supply. 

 
Yours faithfully, 

 
(Signature of the Authorized Signatory 

from OEM) 

Name 

Designation 

Seal. 

Date: 

Place: 

Business Address: 

(Signature of the Authorized Signatory 

from Bidder) 

Name 

Designation 

Seal. 

Date: 

Place: 

Business Address: 



Surat Urban Development Authority 68 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

D. Self-Declaration  
FORM – B 

Performa of Compliance letter 
(To be submitted on Bidder’s letterhead duly signed by Authorized signatory) 

To 

.................................... 

, Surat Urban Developement 

Authority , Nanpura, Surat- 

395001 

 

Sub: Compliance with the bid terms and conditions, specifications and Eligibility Criteria 

Ref: Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments  

 

Dear Sir, 

With reference to above referred bid, I, undersigned <<Name of Signatory>>, in the capacity of 

<<Designation of Signatory>>, is authorized to give the undertaking on behalf of <<Name of the 

bidder>>. 

I/We the undersigned, hereby submit our proposal along with the necessary documents. The 

information/documents furnished along with the above application are true and authentic to the best of 

my/ourknowledgeandbelief.I/we,am/arewellawareofthefactthatfurnishingofanyfalseinformation 

/ fabricated document would lead to rejection of my tender at any stage besides liabilities towards 

prosecution under appropriate law. 

I/We have thoroughly & carefully read, studied and understood the Bid documents and Addenda and 

Corrigenda (if any) including the technical specification, terms and conditions, instructions, etc. referred 

there in and the same are acceptable to our company. 

We hereby confirm that all our quoted items meet or exceed the requirement and are absolutely 

compliant with specifications mentioned in the bid document, moreover the items bided are not end of 

life items. . 

We hereby confirm that all the components/parts/assembly/software which we shall supply on award of 

contract shall be original new components /parts/assembly/software from respective OEMs of the 

products and that no refurbished/duplicate/ second hand components/parts/ assembly / software shall 

be used. 

We also explicitly understand that all quoted items meet technical specification of the bid & that such 

technical specification overrides the brochures/standard literature if the same contradicts or is absent in 

brochures. 

I/Wealsostatethatourcompanyisnotblack-listed/debarredbyanyoftheGovernmentorPublicSector Units in 

India as on the date of the submission of thetender 

Further, I/we agree to abide by all the terms and conditions as mentioned in the bid document without 

anycondition(s).WehavealsonotedthatSUDAreservestherighttoconsider/rejectanyorallbidswithout 

assigning any reasonthereof. 

Incaseofbreachofanytendertermsandconditionsordeviationfrombidspecificationotherthanalready 

specified as mentioned above, the decision of SUDA for disqualification will be accepted byus. 

Thanking you, 



Surat Urban Development Authority 69 

Duly Sign & Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of Networking Equipments 

 

 

 

 

For 

<<Name of the bidder>> 

<<Authorized Signatory>> 

<<Stamp of the bidder>> 



 

 

33
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
Duly Sign&Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of NetworkingEquipment 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Municipal Corporation (SUDA) 

 

Bid for 

Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration 

Of Networking Equipments 

[DC-ISD-Network-01-2018] 

 
Price Bid 

 
Last Date of Downloading & Online Submission of Bids 

April 04, 2018 

 

Last Date of Physical Submission of 

EMD, Bid Fee 

April 11, 2018 

 
Information Systems Department (ISD) 

-395003 



 

 

PRICE BID 
[Note: Must be submitted online, not to be sent physically] 

 

Note: 
1. Therates(QuotedinUnitRateColumn)shouldbeexclusiveofalltaxes.TheapplicableGSTshouldbequotedseparatelyinGSTcolumninPriceBid. 
2. The taxes at prevailing rate will be considered for paymentpurpose. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Duly Sign&Stamp Bid for Supply, Installation, Configuration and Integration of NetworkingEquipments 


