










































NIT 

 
 

(भारत सरकार का उ म) 

(A GOVT. OF INDIA ENTERPRISE) 
 

 

 

CIN: L40101HR1975GOI032564 
 

Tender Document 

For 
 

Supply and Installation of integrated racks infrastructure in Server 
room at 2nd floor of Neer Shakti Sadan, Corporate Office, NHPC Ltd, 

Faridabad 

 

Tender Specification No.: 
 NH/Conts(E&M)-IV/CO-38/PR10017/302/2018 

 
 

E-Tender ID: 2019_NHPC_426766_1 

 
 
 

 
 



NIT 

 
 

 

 

CIN: L40101HR1975GOI032564 

Contracts (E&M) Division,  

NHPC Office Complex, 

Sector-33 Faridabad (HR) 

Tele Fax No. 0129-2273762 

NOTICE INVITING E-TENDER (NIT) 
 

(Domestic Open Competitive Bidding) 
 

Online electronic bids (E-tenders) under two cover systems are invited on behalf of 
NHPC Limited Faridabad (A Public Sector Enterprise of the Government of India) from 
domestic bidders registered in India for 

“Supply and Installation of integrated racks infrastructure in Server room at 2nd 
floor of Neer Shakti Sadan, Corporate Office, NHPC Ltd, Faridabad” 

Tender Specification No: NH/Conts (E&M)-IV/CO-38/PR10017/302/2018   

Tender document can be viewed and downloaded from NHPC Limited website 
www.nhpcindia.com (for reference only) and Central Public Procurement (CPPP) Portal 
https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app. 
 
The bid is to be submitted online only on https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app up to last 
date and time of submission of tender. Sale of hard copy of tender document is not 
applicable. 
 

1.0 BRIEF DETAILS & CRITICAL DATES OF TENDER: 

1.1 Brief Details of Tender: 

S. No. Item Description 

1 Name of work Supply and Installation of integrated 
racks infrastructure in Server room at 
2nd floor of Neer Shakti Sadan, 
Corporate Office, NHPC Ltd, Faridabad

2 Tender Specification No. NH/Conts (E&M)-IV/CO-38/PR10017  

/302/2018 

3 Mode of tendering e-procurement system (Open Tender) 

4 E-Tender ID 2019_NHPC_426766_1 



NIT 

 
 

5 Tender Documents Fees Rs. 1500/- (Rs. One Thousand Five 
Hundred Only) 

6 EMD (Bid Security) Rs. 4,46,000/- (Rs. Four Lakh Forty Six 
Thousand Only) 

7 Completion Period / Schedule As Specified in SCC Clause 3 

     8 Required validity of Bid 120 days from the last date of online bid 
submission. 

9 Independent External Monitor Sh. Sudhir Krishna & Sh. Rajan Nair 

10 Name of Institution for 
Arbitration 

International Centre for Alternate Dispute 
Resolution (ICADR), New Delhi 

11 Tender Inviting Authority General Manager  (E),  

Contracts (E&M)-IV,  

2nd Floor, Jyoti Sadan, NHPC Office 
Complex, Sector-33,  

Faridabad - 121003 (Haryana),  

Telefax # 0129-2288717 , 

E-mail: mpdinkar@nhpc.nic.in 
 

1.2 Critical Dates of Tender: 

S. No. Particulars Date & Time 

1 Publish date and time 16.01.2019     17:00 Hrs 

2 Sale/ Document Download Start Date & Time 16.01.2019     17:00 Hrs 

3 Sale/ Document Download End Date & Time 14.02.2019     17:00 Hrs 

4 Online Bid Submission Start Date & Time 16.01.2019     17:30 Hrs 

5 Online Bid Submission End Date & Time 14.02.2019     17:30 Hrs 

6 Last date of submission of EMD and other 
offline supporting document at “General 
Manager (E) , Contracts (E&M)-IV, 2nd Floor, 
Jyoti Sadan, NHPC Office Complex, Sector-
33, Faridabad -121003 (Haryana),  

Telefax # 0129-2288717 ,  

email: mpdinkar@nhpc.nic.in 

18.02.2019     15:00 Hrs 

7 Bid Opening Date & Time 

i. Technical bid (Online & Offline) 
 

ii. Price bid  

 

 

19.02.2019     15:00 Hrs 
 

To be intimated Separately 
 

 

 

 



NIT 

 
 

2.0 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR BIDDERS: 

2.1 Bids of those Bidders who have not submitted the requisite Tender document fee 
and EMD (as per Instructions to Bidders (ITB) Clause 3.0 & 9.0) shall not be 
considered for evaluation, except in case of exemption as per Clause No. 3.2 and 
Clause No. 9.1 & 9.2 of ITB. 
 

2.2 The bidders must fulfill the following minimum Qualifying Criteria:- 

2.2.1 The bidder should have their functional support office in Delhi/NCR. Documentary 
evidence duly notarized by notary public or Self-declaration certificate in this 
regard should be submitted by the bidder. 

2.2.2 (i) Any equipment supplied to NHPC shall not be declared end of sale on the 
date of its supply to NHPC and further, end of support for a minimum of 5 
years from the date of its supply to NHPC. In this regard, the Bidder shall 
submit an undertaking from OEM for critical components only. If, the OEM 
declares any of the product(s) end of support within the aforesaid period, the 
Bidder shall replace the products/ solutions/ components with an alternate 
superior product that is acceptable to NHPC, without any additional cost to 
NHPC and without impacting the performance of the solution in any manner”   

 * Critical Components are racks, cooling system, UPS system & rack PDU. 

 (ii) The respective OEM of critical components- racks, cooling system, UPS 
system & rack PDU should have support and service Centre in India. 
Documentary evidence duly notarized in this regard should be submitted.  

2.2.3 The Bidder should have supplied at least two (02) similar* completed works of 
Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack Infrastructure of same capacity ## or 
higher in previous seven (7) years ending last day of month previous to the one in 
which bids are invited (i.e. 31.12.2018 ).  

* Here similar work means “Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack 
Infrastructure” i.e. Integrated Server Racks/Network Racks along with UPS & 
cooling systems. 

## Same capacity means integrated rack data centre solution including cooling, 
fire detection & suppression, monitoring for average 4 KVA per rack or higher 
IT/Network load. 

Note: The word “completed” means that the bidder should have successfully 
completed the Project (Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack 
Infrastructure i.e. Integrated Server Racks/Network Racks along with UPS 
& cooling systems) and has provided at least 1 year of on-site support 
service, even if the total on-site support contract is not completed/closed. 
The same shall be supported by documentary evidence issued by the 
owner/employer.  

In support of 2.2.3 above, the bidders shall submit the notarized copy of Supply 
Orders/ Work Orders. The bidders shall also submit notarized copy of the 



NIT 

 
 

following documents to establish the successful completion of supplied 
Equipment’s of the awarded works: 

(i)  Bidders shall submit notarized copy of successful completion certificate/ 
successful installation certificate signed/ issued by Purchaser/ Owner. 

(ii) In case Purchaser/ Owner issuing experience certificate is non-
government entity, the bidders shall also submit notarized copy of TDS 
certificate for corresponding value of Supply Orders/ Work Orders issued 
by the Purchaser/ Owner.  

(iii) Bidder shall submit notarized copy of documentary evidence for providing 
on-site support for at least 1 year issued by the owner / employer. 

 

2.2.4   (a) It is mandatory to quote for all the items mentioned in BOQ (Schedule of 
Quantities & Prices). A self-declaration certificate has to be submitted by the 
bidder in this regard. 

(b)  Technical compliance sheet (as per Section-III) is to be duly filled and signed by 
the bidder. The technical compliances must be supported by OEM Product 
Brochures/data sheet or OEM authenticated (signed and stamped)                
technical compliance sheet. Technical specifications of the equipments                
mentioned in Minimum Technical Specifications section are                
minimum required technical specifications, bidder may quote higher model. 

2.3 The bidder should not have been banned/ de-listed/ black listed/ de-barred from 
business on the grounds mentioned in Para 6 of Guidelines on Banning of 
Business dealings (Annex-A) to Integrity Pact,  ITB Clause no. 22.0 of tender 
document. 
Self-declaration in this regard is to be submitted as per enclosed Proforma 
(Annexure-IX of Section-0). 
 

2.4 To improve transparency and fairness in tendering process the Employer is 
implementing Integrity Pact as per Clause No. 22.0 of the ITB. The bidder must 
submit the Integrity Pact as per Proforma (Annexure-III of Section-0) duly signed 
as per Clause 22.0 of ITB.  
 

            Pre-contract Integrity pact is to be executed on plain paper with NHPC Ltd. at the 
time of submission of Bids. The successful bidder (Contractor) shall submit duly 
executed Integrity Pact on Non-Judicial Stamp Paper of appropriate value prior to 
issue of Letter of Award (LOA).  

 To oversee the compliance under the Integrity pact, Sh. Sudhir Krishna & Sh. 
Rajan Nair have been appointed as an Independent External Monitor (IEM) by 
the owner. The Contact Address of IEM is as under:- 

Independent External Monitor for NHPC, Room no.214, 
 NHPC Ltd., NHPC Office Complex, Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 
 

2.5 Bids of only those Bidders who are meeting the Eligibility Criteria specified above 
will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Bidders will submit 



NIT 

 
 

requisite supporting documents and testimonials with their Bids to prove their 
credentials and claim of meeting the Eligibility Criteria. Subcontractor’s technical 
experience and financial resources shall not be taken into account in determining 
the Bidder's compliance with the qualifying criteria. 
 

3.0 The details/ information regarding online tendering i.e. Registration on CPP 
portal, Preparation of Bid and Submission of bid are available in the tender 
document and as well as on CPP Portal under “Bidders Manual Kit”. 
  

4.0 NHPC reserves the right to reject any or all tenders and shall not be bound to 
assign any reason for such rejection. 

5.0 In case of any difference between wording of English and Hindi version of “Notice 
Inviting Tender” English version shall prevail. 

 

     
For & on behalf of NHPC Ltd. 

 

 

 
General Manager (E),  

Contracts (E&M)-IV,  
2nd Floor, Jyoti Sadan, NHPC Office Complex,  

Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 (Haryana),  
Telefax # 0129-2288717 

E-mail: mpdinkar@nhpc.nic.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



NIT 

 
 

एनएचपीसी िलिमटेड 
(भारत सरकार का उ म) 

 

NHPC Limited 
(A GOVT. OF INDIA ENTERPRISE) 

 

 

CIN: L40101HR1975GOI032564 

 

एनएचपीसी िनगम कायार्लय, फरीदाबाद के नीर शिक्त 
सदन म ि तीय तल पर सवर्र रूम के िलए इंटीगर्ेटेड रैक 

इंफर्ास्टर्क्चर की आपूितर् एवं स्थापना  
के िलए 

िनिवदा दस्तावज़े  

िनिवदा िविनदश संख्या:  
NH/Conts(E&M)-IV/CO-38/PR10017/302/2018 

 
E-Tender ID: 2019_NHPC_426766_1 

 
 
 



NIT 

 
 

 एनएचपीसी िलिमटेड 
NHPC Limited 

CIN: L40101HR1975GOI032564 

सिंवदा (ई&एम) िवभाग,  
एनएचपीसी ऑिफस कॉम्प्लेक्स, 
सैक्टर-33, फ़रीदाबाद, हरयाणा 

दरूभाष - 0129-2273762 
 

ई-िनिवदा आमंतर्ण सूचना (एनआईटी) 
 

(घरेल ूखलुी पर्ितस्पधार्त्मक बोली) 
 

भारत म पंजीकृत घरेलू बोलीदाता  से एनएचपीसी िलिमटेड (भारत सरकार का उ म), फरीदाबाद की 
ओर से दो कवर पर्णाली के अंतगर्त िन िलिखत कायर् के िलए ऑनलाइन इलेक्टर्ॉिनक बोिलयाँ (ई-टडर) 
खुली िनिवदा के आधार पर आमंितर्त ह: 

“एनएचपीसी िनगम कायार्लय, फरीदाबाद के नीर शिक्त सदन म ि तीय तल पर सवर्र रूम के िलए 
इंटीगर्टेेड रैक इंफर्ास्टर्क्चर की आपूितर् एवं स्थापना” 

िनिवदा िविनदश सखं्या: NH/Conts (E&M)-IV/CO-38/PR10017/302/2018  

िनिवदा दस्तावेज एनएचपीसी िलिमटेड वैबसाइट www.nhpcindia.com (केवल संदभर् के िलए) एवं 
सटर्ल पिब्लक पर्ोक्योरमट पोटर्ल (CPPP), http://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app से दखेा व 
डाउनलोड िकया जा सकता ह ैऔर केवल इलेक्टर्ॉिनक ऑनलाइन बोली को ही, िनिवदा पर्स्तुित की आिखरी 
तारीख एवं समय तक, सीपीपी  पोटर्ल (http://eprocure.gov/eprocure/app) पर पर्स्तुत करना ह।ै 
दस्तावेज की हाडर् कॉपी की िबकर्ी लागू नह  ह।ै 
 

1.0 िनिवदा का सिंक्ष  िववरण व िविश  ितिथया:ँ 

1.1 िनिवदा का सिंक्ष  िववरण: 

कर्. स.ं िववरण वणर्न 

1 कायर् का नाम एनएचपीसी िनगम कायार्लय, फरीदाबाद के नीर 
शिक्त सदन म ि तीय तल पर सवर्र रूम के िलए 
इंटीगर्ेटेड रैक इंफर्ास्टर्क्चर की आपूितर् एवं स्थापना 

2 िनिवदा िविनदश संख्या  NH/Conts (E&M)-IV/CO-38/PR10017/302/ 
2018 

3 िनिवदा की िविध ई-पर्ोक्योरमट पर्णाली (खुली िनिवदा) 
4 ई-िनिवदा आईडी 2019_NHPC_426766_1 



NIT 

 
 

5 िनिवदा दस्तावेज शुल्क रु. 1500/- 

6 धरोहर रािश  रु. 4,46,000/- 

7 पूरा होने की अविध / अनुसूची जैसा िक एससीसी (SCC) क्लाज-3 पर िदया गया 
ह ै।  

8 बोली के िलए जरूरी वैधता  ऑनलाइन िबड जमा करने की आखरी तारीख से 
120 िदन 

9 स्वतंतर् बा  मॉिनटर शर्ी सुधीर कृष्ण व शर्ी राजन नायर 
10 आिबर्टरेशन संस्था का नाम  International Centre for Alternate Dispute 

Resolution (ICADR), नई िदल्ली 

11 िनिवदा आमंतर्ण पर्ािधकारी  महापर्बंधक (िव. ) , 
संिवदा (ई&एम)-IV िवभाग,  
दसूरी मंिजल, ज्योित सदन 
एनएचपीसी ऑिफस कॉम्प्लेक्स, 
सैक्टर-33, फ़रीदाबाद, हरयाणा-121003 
दरूभाष - 0129-2288717  
ई-मेल: mpdinkar@nhpc.nic.in 

1.2 िनिवदा की महत्वपूणर् ितिथया:ँ 

कर्. स.ं िववरण िदनांक एव ंसमय 

1 पर्काशन ितिथ एवं समय  16.01.2019     17:00 Hrs 

2 डॉकयुमट बेचने/डाउन लोड करने के िलए पर्ारंभ 
ितिथ व समय  

16.01.2019     17:00 Hrs 

3 डॉकयुमट बेचने/ डाउन लोड करने के िलए अंितम 
ितिथ व समय  

14.02.2019     17:00 Hrs 

4 ऑनलाइन िबड जमा करने की पर्ारंभ ितिथ व समय  16.01.2019     17:30 Hrs 

5 ऑनलाइन िबड जमा करने की अंितम ितिथ व समय 14.02.2019     17:30 Hrs 

6 ईएमडी और अन्य ऑफ़लाइन समथर्न दस्तावेज 
िन िलिखत पते पर पर्स्तुत करने की अंितम ितिथ  
“महा बंधक (िव.), 
संिवदा (ई&एम)-IV िवभाग,  
दसूरी मंिजल, ज्योित सदन 
एनएचपीसी ऑिफस कॉम्प्लेक्स, 
सैक्टर-33, फ़रीदाबाद, हिरयाणा-121003 
दरूभाष - 0129-2288717 
ई-मेल: mpdinkar @nhpc.nic.in” 

18.02.2019     15:00 Hrs 



NIT 

 
 

7 िबड खोलने की ितिथ एवं समय: 
i. तकनीकी व वसाियक बीड (ऑनलाइन व 

ऑफलाइन) 
ii. मूल्य िबड 

 

19.02.2019      15:00 Hrs 

 
 

बाद म सूिचत िकया जायेगा 

 
2.0 बोलीदाता  के िलए पातर्ता मानदडं: 

2.1 उन बोलीदाता  की बोली िजन्ह ने अपेिक्षत िनिवदा दस्तावेज़ शुल्क और ईएमडी {बोलीदाता  
के िलए िनदश (आईटीबी) खंड 3.0 व 9.0 के िनदश  के अनुसार} जमा नह  िकया ह,ै िसवाए 
आईटीबी के खंड 3.2 और खंड 9.1 व 9.2 के अनुसार छूट पाए जाने वाले मामल  को छोड़कर, के 
िनिवदा मूल्यांकन पर िवचार नह  िकया जाएगा ।  
 

2.2 बोलीदाता  को िन िलिखत न्यूनतम योग्यता मानदडं को अवश्य पूरा करना होगा:- 

2.2.1  बोलीदाता का िदल्ली / एनसीआर म सपोटर् कायार्लय होना चािहए । इस संबंध म बोलीदाता को 
िविधवत नोटरी पिब्लक ारा नोटरी िकया हुआ दस्तावेजी सबूत या इस संबंध म स्व-घोषणा 
पर्माण पतर् पर्स्तुत करना होगा। 
 

2.2.2  (i) Any equipment supplied to NHPC shall not be declared end of sale on the date 
of its supply to NHPC and further, end of support for a minimum of 5 years from 
the date of its supply to NHPC. In this regard, the Bidder shall submit an 
undertaking from OEM for critical components only. If, the OEM declares any of 
the product(s) end of support within the aforesaid period, the Bidder shall replace 
the products/ solutions/ components with an alternate superior product that is 
acceptable to NHPC, without any additional cost to NHPC and without impacting 
the performance of the solution in any manner. 
 
 

* Critical Components are racks, cooling system, UPS system & rack PDU. 
 
 

(ii) The respective OEM of critical components- racks, cooling system, UPS 
system & rack PDU should have support and service centre in India. 
Documentary evidence duly notarized in this regard should be submitted. 
 

2.2.3 The Bidder should have supplied at least two (02) similar* completed works of 
Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack Infrastructure of same capacity ## or 
higher in previous seven (7) years ending last day of month previous to the one 
in which bids are invited (i.e. 31.12.2018 ).  

* Here similar work means “Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack 
Infrastructure” i.e Integrated Server Racks/Network Racks along with UPS & 
cooling systems. 

## Same capacity means integrated rack data centre solution including cooling, 
fire detection & suppression, monitoring for average 4 KVA per rack or higher 
IT/Network load. 



NIT 

 
 

Note: The word “completed” means that the bidder should have successfully 
completed the Project (Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack 
Infrastructure i.e Integrated Server Racks/Network Racks along with UPS 
& cooling systems) and has provided at least 1 year of on-site support 
service, even if the total on-site support contract is not completed/closed. 
The same shall be supported by documentary evidence issued by the 
owner/employer.  

In support of 2.2.3 above, the bidders shall submit the notarized copy of Supply 
Orders/ Work Orders. The bidders shall also submit notarized copy of the 
following documents to establish the successful completion of supplied 
Equipment’s of the awarded works: 

(i) Bidders shall submit notarized copy of successful completion certificate/    
successful installation certificate signed/ issued by Purchaser/ Owner. 

(ii) In case Purchaser/ Owner issuing experience certificate is non-
government entity, the bidders shall also submit notarized copy of TDS 
certificate for corresponding value of Supply Orders/ Work Orders issued 
by the Purchaser/ Owner.  

(iii) Bidder shall submit notarized copy of documentary evidence for providing 
on-site support for at least 1 year issued by the owner / employer. 

2.2.4 (a) It is mandatory to quote for all the items mentioned in BOQ (Schedule of 
Quantities & Prices). A self-declaration certificate has to be submitted by the 
bidder in this regard. 

(b) Technical compliance sheet (as per Section-III) is to be duly filled and signed 
by the bidder. The technical compliances must be supported by OEM Product 
Brochures/ data sheet or OEM authenticated (signed and stamped) technical 
compliance sheet. Technical specifications of the equipments mentioned in 
Minimum Technical Specifications section are minimum required technical 
specifications, bidder may quote higher model. 

 

2.3 सत्यिन ा समझौता के ावहािरक लेन-दने पर्ितबंिधत करने संबंधी िदशािनदश (अनुबंध – A)  के 
पैरा 6 (िनिवदा दस्तावेज़ के आईटीबी क्लॉज़ संख्या 22.0) के आधार पर बोलीदाता ापार से  
पर्ितबंिधत/ सूची से बाहर/ ब्लैक िलस्टेड अथवा बिहष्कृत नह  िकया गया होना चािहए । इस 
संबंध म संलग्न पर्ोफामार् (Section-0 के अनुलग्नक-IX) के अनुसार स्वघोषणा जमा की जानी ह ै। 

 

2.4 िनिवदा पर्िकर्या म पारदिशर्ता और िनष्पक्षता को बेहतर बनाने के िलए िनयोक्ता आईटीबी के 
क्लॉज़ संख्या 22.0 के अनुसार सत्यिन ा समझौते लागू कर रहा ह।ै बोलीदाता ारा पर्ोफामार् 
(Section-0 के अनुलग्नक-II) के अनुसार एवं आईटीबी क्लॉज़ संख्या 22.0 के अनुसार िविधवत 
हस्ताक्षर िकया हुआ सत्यिन ा समझौता जमा करना अिनवायर् ह ै।  
 

पूवर्-अनुबंध सत्यिन ा समझौते बोली जमा करने के समय म एनएचपीसी िलिमटेड के साथ सादे 
कागज पर िकर्यािन्वत िकया जाना ह।ै सफल बोलीदाता (ठेकेदार) उिचत मूल्य के गैर न्याियक 
स्टाम्प पेपर पर िविधवत िनष्पािदत सत्यिन ा समझौता, कांटैर्क्ट एगर्ीमट के हस्ताक्षिरत होने से 



NIT 

 
 

पहले पर्स्तुत करेगा।  
  
 सत्यिन ा समझौते के तहत अनुपालन की िनगरानी के िलए िनयोक्ता ारा शर्ी सुधीर कृष्ण व शर्ी 

राजन नायर को स्वतंतर् बा  मॉिनटर (आई ई एम) के रूप म िनयुक्त िकया गया ह ै। आईईएम का 
संपकर्  पता िन ानुसार ह:ै- 

 एनएचपीसी के िलए स्वततंर् बा  मॉिनटर, कमरा नंबर 214, 
 एनएचपीसी िलिमटेड, एनएचपीसी ऑिफस कॉम्प्लेक्स, सैक्टर-33, फ़रीदाबाद, हरयाणा-121003 
 

2.5 केवल उन बोलीदाता  जो ऊपर िनिदर्  योग्यता मानदडं को पूरा कर रह े ह की बोिलय  के 
मूल्यांकन और अनुबंध के अवाडर् के िलए िवचार िकया जाएगा । बोलीदाता  को अपनी साख और 
योग्यता मानदडं को पूरा करने के दावे को सािबत करने के िलए अपनी बोली के साथ अपेिक्षत 
समथर्नकारी दस्तावेज एवं पर्माण पतर् पर्स्तुत करने ह गे । उप-ठेकेदार के तकनीकी अनुभव और 
िव ीय संसाधन  को बोलीदाता के योग्यता मानदडं के अनुपालन का िनधार्रण करने म िवचार म 
नह  िलया जाएगा । 
 

3.0  ऑनलाइन टडिरंग सबंंधी िववरण / जानकारी अथार्त् सीपीपी पोटर्ल पर पंजीकरण, बोली की 
 तैयारी और बोली जमा करना िनिवदा दस्तावजे के साथ-साथ सीपीपी पोटर्ल पर “Bidders 
 Manual Kit” म भी उपलब्ध ह।ै 

 

4.0 एनएचपीसी िकसी एक या सभी िनिवदा  को अस्वीकार करने का अिधकार सुरिक्षत रखता ह ै
और ऐसी अस्वीकृित के िलए एनएचपीसी कोई कारण बताने के िलए बाध्य नह  होगी ।  

5.0 “िनिवदा आमंतर्ण सूचना” के अंगर्ेजी और िहन्दी संस्करण के शब्द  के बीच कोई अंतर होने पर, 

अंगर्ेजी संस्करण मान्य होगा । 

   एनएचपीसी िलिमटेड के िलए और उसकी ओर से 

 

महापर्बंधक (िव.) , 
सिंवदा (ई&एम)-IV िवभाग,  

दसूरी मंिजल, ज्योित सदन 
एनएचपीसी ऑिफस कॉम्प्लेक्स, 

सैक्टर-33, फ़रीदाबाद, हरयाणा-121003 
दरूभाष - 0129-228871   

ई-मेल:  mpdinkar@nhpc.nic.in” 



  SECTION‐0 

 

INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS (ITB) 

 

1.0 INTRODUCTION: 

1.1 NHPC Limited, a leading Public Sector Enterprise of the Government of India, 
hereinafter referred to as the “Purchaser/ Employer” will receive bid for “Supply 
and Installation of integrated racks infrastructure in Server room at 2nd 
floor of Neer Shakti Sadan, Corporate Office, NHPC Ltd, Faridabad” as set-
forth in the specifications. The bid will be received, opened and evaluated online 
in electronic form through NHPC’s E-tendering portal i.e. 
https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app [Link to reach at site is also available at 
NHPC website i.e., www.nhpcindia.com→e-Procurement→Govt. e-Procurement 
System of NIC (GePNIC) under Central Public Procurement Portal (CPPP)]. Bid 
shall be prepared and submitted in accordance with instructions contained in this 
Section. 
 

1.2 This section of the bidding document provides the information necessary for 
Bidders to prepare online responsive bids, in accordance with the requirements 
of the Employer. It also provides information on online bid submission, opening, 
evaluation and contract award. 
 

1.3 INSTRUCTION FOR ONLINE BID SUBMISSION: 

The Bidders are required to submit soft copies of their bids electronically on the 
Central Public Procurement (CPP) Portal, using valid Digital Signature 
Certificates. The instructions given below are meant to assist the Bidders in 
registering on the CPP Portal, prepare their bids in accordance with the 
requirements/ instructions and submitting their bids online on the CPP Portal. 
 

1.3.1 REGISTRATION:  

(i) The Bidder is requested to visit the link ‘Bidders Manual Kit’ at Central Public 
Procurement (CPP) Portal (URL: http://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app). Bidders 
are required to enroll on the e-Procurement module of the CPP Portal (URL: 
http://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app) by clicking on the link “Online Bidder 
Enrollment”, which is free of charge.  

(ii) As part of the enrolment process, the Bidder will be required to choose a unique 
username and assign a password for their accounts. 

(iii) During enrolment/ registration, the Bidder should provide the correct/ true 
information including valid email-id & mobile no. All the correspondence shall be 
made directly with the Contractors/ Bidders through email-id provided. 

(iv) For e-tendering, possession of valid Digital Signature Certificate (Class II or 
Class III Certificates with signing key usage) is mandatory which can be obtained 
from SIFY/TCS/ nCode/ eMudra or any Certifying Authority recognized by CCA 
India on eToken / Smart Card. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

(v) Upon enrolment on CPP Portal for e-tendering, the Bidder has to register their 
valid Digital Signature Certificate with their profile. 

(vi) Only one valid DSC should be registered by a Bidder. Bidders are responsible to 
ensure that they do not lend their DSCs to others which may lead to misuse and 
should ensure safety of the same. 

(vii) Bidder can then log into the site through the secured login by entering their user 
ID/ password and the password of the DSC/ eToken. 
 

1.3.2 SEARCHING FOR TENDER DOCUMENTS  

(i) There are various search options built in the CPP Portal, to facilitate Bidders to 
search active tenders by several parameters. These parameters could include 
Tender ID, Organization Name, Location, Date, Value, etc. There is also an 
option of advanced search for tenders, wherein the Bidders may combine a 
number of search parameters such as Organization Name, Form of Contract, 
Location, Date, Other keywords etc. to search for a tender published on the CPP 
Portal.  

(ii) Once the Bidders have selected the tenders they are interested in, they may 
download the required documents/ tender schedules. These tenders can be 
moved/ saved to the respective ‘My Tenders’ folder. This would enable the CPP 
Portal to intimate the Bidders through SMS/ e-mail in case there is any 
corrigendum issued to the tender document.  

(iii) The Bidder should make a note of the unique Tender ID assigned to each tender, 
in case they want to obtain any clarification/ help from the Helpdesk.  
 

1.3.3 PREPARATION OF BIDS: 

(i) Bidders shall go through the tender document carefully to understand the 
documents required to be submitted as part of the bid. Bidders shall note the 
number of covers in which the bid documents have to be submitted, the number 
of documents – including the names and content of each of the document that 
need to be submitted. Any deviations from these may lead to rejection of the bid. 

(ii) Any pre-bid clarifications if required, then same may be obtained online through 
the tender site, or through the contact details given in the tender document. 

(iii) Bidders should get ready in advance the bid documents to be submitted as 
indicated in the tender document/ schedule in pdf/ xls/ rar/ zip/ jpg/ dwf formats. If 
there is more than one document, they can be clubbed together using zip format. 
Bid documents may be scanned with 100 dpi with black and white option which 
helps in reducing size of the scanned document.    

(iv) To avoid the time and effort required in uploading the same set of standard 
documents which are required to be submitted as a part of every bid, a provision 
of uploading such standard documents (e.g. PAN card copy, annual reports, 
auditor certificates etc.) has been provided to the Bidders. Bidders can use “My 



  SECTION‐0 

 

Space” or ‘’Other Important Documents’’ area available to them to upload such 
documents. These documents may be directly submitted from the “My Space” 
area as per tender requirements while submitting a bid, and need not be 
uploaded again and again. This will lead to a reduction in the time required for bid 
submission process. 
  

1.3.4 SUBMISSION OF BIDS: 

(i) Bidder should log into the site well in advance for bid submission so that he/ she 
upload the bid in time i.e. on or before the bid submission time.  

(ii) Bidder should prepare the Tender Fee/ EMD as per the instructions specified in 
the tender document. The original Tender Fee/ EMD should be posted/ couriered/ 
given in person to the concerned official, latest by the last date of bid submission 
or as specified in the NIT/ tender documents. The details of the DD/ any other 
accepted instrument, physically sent, should tally with the details available in the 
scanned copy and the data entered during bid submission time. Otherwise the 
uploaded bid shall be liable for rejection. 

(iii) While submitting the bids online through already downloaded / saved tender in 
‘My Tenders’ folder, the Bidder should read the terms & conditions (of CPP 
portal) and accepts the same in order to proceed further to submit their bid. 

(iv) Bidders should select the payment option as ‘offline’ to pay the Tender Fee/ EMD 
and enter details of the DD/ BC/ BG. 

(v) Bidder should digitally sign and upload the required bid documents one by one in 
respective ‘Tender Cover’ as indicated in the tender document. 

(vi) Bidders should note that, the very act of using DSC for downloading the tender 
document and uploading their offers is deemed to be a confirmation that they 
have read all sections and pages of the tender document without any exception 
and have understood the complete tender document and are clear about the 
requirements of the tender document. 

(vii) Bidders are requested to note that each document to be uploaded for the tender 
should be less than 2 MB. If any document is more than 2 MB, it can be reduced 
through zip/ rar and the same can be uploaded. For the file size of less than 1 
MB, the transaction uploading time will be very fast. 

(viii) Utmost care shall be taken for uploading Schedule of Quantities & Prices” and 
any change/ modification of the price schedule shall render it unfit for bidding. 

Bidder shall download the Schedule of Quantities & Prices i.e. BOQ_XXXX.xls, in 
XLS format and save it without changing the name of the file. Bidder shall fill their 
respective rates in figures (financial quotes) and other details (such as name of 
Bidder) in white background cells, thereafter save and upload the file online in 
financial/price bid (Finance) cover  without changing the file name. No other cell 
should be changed. 

Bidders are requested to note that they should necessarily submit their financial 



  SECTION‐0 

 

bids in the ‘Finance’ cover in the format provided and no other format is 
acceptable. If the template of “Schedule of Quantities & Prices” file is found 
to be modified/ tampered by the Bidder, the bid shall be rejected and further 
dealt as per provision of clause no 21.0 of ITB including forfeiture of EMD.  

The Bidder are cautioned that uploading of financial bid elsewhere i.e. other 
than in Financial cover may result in rejection of the tender. 

(ix) Bidder should submit their bids through online e-tendering system to the Tender 
Inviting Authority (TIA) well before the bid submission end date & time (as per 
Server System Clock). The TIA will not be held responsible for any sort of delay 
or the difficulties faced during the submission of bids online by the Bidder at the 
eleventh hour. 

(x) After the bid submission (i.e. after clicking “Freeze Bid Submission” in the portal), 
the Bidder should take print out of system generated acknowledgement number, 
and keep it as a record of evidence for online submission of bid, which will also 
act as an entry pass to participate in the bid opening. 

(xi) Bidder should follow the server time being displayed on Bidder’s dashboard at 
the top of the tender site, which shall be considered valid for all actions of 
requesting, bid submission, bid opening etc., in the e-tender system. 

(xii) All the documents being submitted by the Bidder would be encrypted using PKI 
(Public Key Infrastructure) encryption techniques to ensure the secrecy of the 
data. The data entered cannot be viewed by unauthorized persons until the time 
of bid opening. The confidentiality of the bids is maintained using the secured 
Socket Layer 128 bit encryption technology. Data storage encryption of sensitive 
fields is done. Any bid document that is uploaded to the server is subjected to 
symmetric encryption using a system generated symmetric key. Further this key 
is subjected to asymmetric encryption using buyers/ bid openers public keys. 
Overall, the uploaded tender documents become readable only after the tender 
opening by the authorized bid openers. 
 

1.3.5 ASSISTANCE TO BIDDERS: 

(i) Any queries relating to the tender document and the terms and conditions 
contained therein should be addressed to the Tender Inviting Authority or the 
relevant contact person indicated in the tender. 

(ii) Any queries relating to the process of online bid submission or queries relating to 
CPP Portal in general may be directed to the 24X7 CPP Portal Helpdesk.  

Telephone No. 0120-4001005 

2.0 ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR BIDDERS: 

2.1 Bids of those Bidders who have not submitted the requisite Tender document fee 
and EMD (as per ITB Clause 3.0 & 9.0) shall not be considered for evaluation, 
except in case of exemption as per Clause No. 3.2 and Clause No. 9.1 & 9.2 of 
ITB. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

 

2.2 The bidders must fulfill the following minimum Qualifying Criteria:- 
2.2.1 The bidder should have their functional support office in Delhi / NCR. 

Documentary evidence duly notarized by notary public or Self-declaration 
certificate in this regard should be submitted by the bidder. 

2.2.2 (i) Any equipment supplied to NHPC shall not be declared end of sale on the 
date of its supply to NHPC and further, end of support for a minimum of 5 
years from the date of its supply to NHPC. In this regard, the Bidder shall 
submit an undertaking from OEM for critical components only. If, the OEM 
declares any of the product(s) end of support within the aforesaid period, 
the Bidder shall replace the products/solutions/components with an 
alternate superior product that is acceptable to NHPC, without any 
additional cost to NHPC and without impacting the performance of the 
solution in any manner. 

* Critical Components are racks, cooling system, UPS system & rack PDU. 

 (ii) The respective OEM of critical components- racks, cooling system, UPS 
system & rack PDU should have support and service center in India. 
Documentary evidence duly notarized in this regard should be submitted. 

2.2.3 The Bidder should have supplied at least two (02) similar* completed works of 
Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack Infrastructure of same capacity ## or 
higher in previous seven (7) years ending last day of month previous to the one in 
which bids are invited (i.e. xx.xx.2018). 

 

* Here similar work means “Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack 
Infrastructure” i.e Integrated Server Racks/Network Racks along with UPS & 
cooling systems. 

## Same capacity means integrated rack data centre solution including cooling, 
fire detection & suppression, monitoring for average 4 KVA per rack or higher 
IT/Network load. 

Note: The word “completed” means that the bidder should have successfully 
completed the Project (Supply and Installation of Data Centre Rack 
Infrastructure i.e Integrated Server Racks/Network Racks along with UPS & 
cooling systems ) and has provided at least 1 year of on-site support service, 
even if the total on-site support contract is not completed /closed. The same 
shall be supported by documentary evidence issued by the owner/employer  

In support of 2.2.3 above, the bidders shall submit the notarized copy of Supply 
Orders/ Work Orders. The bidders shall also submit notarized copy of the 
following documents to establish the successful completion of supplied 
Equipment’s of the awarded works: 

(i)  Bidders shall submit notarized copy of successful completion certificate/ 
successful installation certificate signed/ issued by Purchaser/ Owner. 

(ii) In case Purchaser/ Owner issuing experience certificate is non-



  SECTION‐0 

 

government entity, the bidders shall also submit notarized copy of TDS 
certificate for corresponding value of Supply Orders/ Work Orders issued 
by the Purchaser/ Owner.  

(iii) Bidder shall submit notarized copy of documentary evidence for providing 
on- site support for at least 1 year issued by the owner / employer. 

2.2.4 (a) It is mandatory to quote for all the items mentioned in BOQ(Schedule of 
Quantities & Prices). A self-declaration certificate has to be submitted by the 
bidder in this regard. 

 

(b)  Technical compliance sheet (as per Section-III) is to be duly filled and signed 
by the bidder. The technical compliances must be supported by OEM 
Product Brochures/ data sheet or OEM authenticated (signed and stamped) 
technical compliance sheet. Technical specifications of the equipments 
mentioned in Minimum Technical Specifications section are minimum 
required technical specifications, bidder may quote higher model. 

2.3 The bidder should not have been banned/ de-listed/ black listed/ de-barred from 
business on the grounds mentioned in Para 6 of Guidelines on Banning of 
Business dealings (Annex-A) to Integrity Pact,  ITB Clause no. 22.0 of tender 
document. 

 Self-declaration in this regard is to be submitted as per enclosed Proforma 
(Annexure-IX of Section-0). 

2.4 To improve transparency and fairness in tendering process the Employer is 
implementing Integrity Pact as per Clause No. 22.0 of the ITB. The bidder must 
submit the Integrity Pact as per Proforma (Annexure-III of Section-0) duly signed 
as per Clause 22.0 of ITB.  

            Pre-contract Integrity pact is to be executed on plain paper with NHPC Ltd. at the 
time of submission of Bids. The successful bidder (Contractor) shall submit duly 
executed Integrity Pact on Non-Judicial Stamp Paper of appropriate value prior to 
signing of Agreement.  

 To oversee the compliance under the Integrity pact, Sh. Sudhir Krishna & Sh. 
Rajan Nair have been appointed as an Independent External Monitor (IEM) by 
the owner. The Contact Address of IEM is as under:- 

Independent External Monitor for NHPC, Room no.214, 
 NHPC Ltd., NHPC Office Complex, Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 
 

2.5 Bids of only those Bidders who are meeting the Eligibility Criteria specified above 
will be considered for evaluation and award of the contract. Bidders will submit 
requisite supporting documents and testimonials with their Bids to prove their 
credentials and claim of meeting the Eligibility Criteria. Subcontractor’s technical 
experience and financial resources shall not be taken into account in determining 
the Bidder's compliance with the qualifying criteria. 

 

 

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

3.0 COST OF BIDDING DOCUMENT: 

3.1 Complete bid document can be viewed and downloaded from NHPC Limited 
website www.nhpcindia.com (for reference only) and Central Public Procurement 
(CPP) Portal https://eprocure.gov.in/eprocure/app/nhpc. The bidder will be 
required to submit a non-refundable fee of Rs. 1500/- (Rupees One Thousand 
Five Hundred Only) in the form of Crossed Demand Draft in favour of “NHPC 
Limited” payable at ‘Faridabad’ towards the cost of Tender fee. The bidder 
shall fill the tender fee details online and submit DD to Tender Inviting Authority 
i.e. “General Manager (Electrical) , Contract (E&M)-IV, 2nd Floor, Jyoti Sadan, 
NHPC Office Complex, Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 (Haryana), Telefax # 0129-
2288717 ” on or before the date as specified in NIT. 
  

3.2 Micro and Small enterprises (MSEs) under their Single Point Registration 
Scheme for the goods/ services at NSIC or District Industries Centre (DIC) or 
Khadi and village Industries Commission (KVIC) or Khadi Village and Industries 
Board (KVIB) or Coir Board or Directorate of Handicrafts and Handlooms or any 
other body specified by Ministry of MSME or MSEs having Udyog Aadhar 
Memorandum are exempted from furnishing the cost of tender document fees. 
They should furnish a Notarized copy of the valid registration certificate/ 
Entrepreneurs memorandum (EM-II) details/ other relevant documents issued by 
above board/ body in their favors, for the manufacturing of offered Integrated 
Server Rack. No other bidders are exempted from furnishing cost of tender fee 
as mentioned above. 

Note (1): “Traders are excluded from purview of benefit to be extended under 
Public Procurement Policy (As per Q. No. 18 of Frequently Asked Questions 
(FAQs) dated 24.10.2016 on Public Procurement Policy Order 2012 (MSME 
Act- 2006). Such Traders are advised to submit the tender fee / Bid Security 
/ EMD in the form of DD/BC/BG”. 
 

Note (2): Mere downloading of Bid document by prospective Bidder shall not be 
construed that such a bidder automatically fulfills the prescribed eligibility criteria. 
Whether the bidder meets the specific eligibility criteria or not, shall be checked 
or ascertained, on opening their bids by scrutinizing documentary evidences 
furnished by them along with their bid. 
 

3.3 The Bidder shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of 
his bid, and the Purchaser will in no case be responsible or liable for these costs, 
regardless of the conduct or outcome of the bidding process. 

 

4.0 CONTENTS OF BIDDING DOCUMENT: 

4.1 The facilities/ works required, bidding procedures, contract terms and technical 
requirements are prescribed in the Bidding documents. The Bidding documents 
include the following sections and Annexures/ Appendices/ Schedule: 



  SECTION‐0 

 

1. Instructions to Bidders (ITB) Section-0 

2. Format of Tender Acceptance Letter Annexure-I of Section-0 

3. Format of Integrity Pact & Guidelines on 
Banning of Business Dealings. 

Annexure-III of Section-0 

4. Format of Details of Past Experience Annexure-IV of Section-0 

5. Bid Proforma Annexure-V of Section-0 

6. Format of Bank Guarantee in lieu of EMD Annexure-VI of Section-0 

7. Format for obtaining Declaration regarding 
MSME under MSMED Act,2006 

Annexure-VII of Section-0 

8. ECS Form Annexure-VIII of Section-0 

9. Self-Declaration by the Bidder  Annexure-IX of Section-0 

10. No Deviation Certificate as per Format on 
Company’s Letter Head 

Annexure-X of Section-0 

11. General Conditions of Contract Section-I 

12. Contract Agreement Form Annexure-I of Section-I 

13. Format of Performance Bank Guarantee Annexure-II of Section-I 

14. Special Conditions of Contract Section-II 

15. Technical Specifications  Section-III 

16. Schedule of Quantities & Prices BOQ_XXXX.xls 

17. Undertaking by Bidder towards Anti-
profiteering Clause of GST Act / Rules 

Annexure-XI of Section-0 

4.2 The bidder is expected to examine all instructions, forms, terms, technical 
specifications and other information in the bidding documents. Failure to furnish 
all information required as per the bidding documents or submission of a bid not 
substantially responsive to the bidding documents in every respect will be at the 
Bidder’s risk and may result in rejection of its bid. 
 

5.0 CLARIFICATION OF BIDDING DOCUMENTS 

5.1 A prospective Bidder requiring any clarification of the bidding documents may 
notify the Employer in writing or by cable (hereinafter, the term cable is deemed 
to include email or telefax) at the Employer’s mailing address indicated in the 
Invitation for Bids (NIT).  

The Employer shall not be bound to respond to the request from the Bidder and 
this shall not become the reason for claiming extension of the deadline for the 
submission of the bid. 
 



  SECTION‐0 

 

5.2 The Bidder is advised to visit and examine the site where the Facilities are to be 
installed and its surroundings and obtain for itself on its own responsibility all 
information that may be necessary for preparing the bid and entering into a 
contract for supply & installation of the Facilities. The costs of visiting the site 
shall be at the Bidder’s own expense. 

5.3 The Bidder and any of its personnel or agents will be granted permission by the 
Employer to enter upon its premises and lands for the purpose of such 
inspection, but only upon the express condition that the Bidder, its personnel and 
agents will release and indemnify the Employer and its personnel and agents 
from and against all liability in respect thereof and will be responsible for death or 
personal injury, loss of or damage to property and any other loss, damage, costs 
and expenses incurred as a result of the inspection. 

 

6.0 AMENDMENT OF BIDDING DOCUMENTS: 

At any time prior to the deadline for submission of bids, the Employer may, for 
any reason, whether at its own initiative, or in response to a clarification 
requested by a prospective Bidder, amend the bidding documents. Such 
amendments shall be posted on the E-procurement portal of CPP and NHPC 
website.  

Bidders are required to acknowledge the receipt of any such amendment from the 
CPP portal/ NHPC website. It will be presumed that the amendment has been 
accepted and the information contained therein have been taken into account by 
the Bidder in its bid.    

The bidders are requested to see the web site once again before the due date of 
tender  submission to ensure that they have not missed any corrigendum/ 
addendum uploaded against the said tender after downloading the tender 
document. The responsibility of downloading the related corrigendum/ 
addendum, if any, will be that of the bidder. 

No separate intimation in respect of corrigendum/ addendum to this tender (if 
any) will be sent to bidder(s). 

In order to afford prospective Bidders reasonable time in which to take the 
amendment into account in preparing their bid, the Employer may, at its 
discretion, suitably extend the deadline for the submission of bids. 
 

7.0 LANGUAGE OF BID:  

The bid prepared by the Bidder and all correspondence and documents related to 
the bid exchanged by the Bidder and the Purchaser shall be written in English 
language, provided that any printed literature furnished by the Bidder may be 
written in another language, as long as such literature is accompanied by a 
translation of its pertinent passages in English language, in which case, for 
purposes of interpretation of the bid, the translation in English shall govern. 

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

8.0 BID CURRENCY: 

All figures mentioned under the commercial bid should be in Indian National 
Rupee (INR). Commercial proposals in any currency other than INR would be 
considered non-responsive and hence rejected. 
 

9.0 BID SECURITY  

9.1 Bidder shall submit along with the bids, the requisite Bid Security for an amount 
of Rs. 4,46,000/- (Rupees Four Lakh Forty Six Thousand only) as given in NIT 
appended hereto. Bid security may be deposited either in the form of a Crossed 
Bank Draft in favour of NHPC Ltd., payable at Faridabad or in the form of a Bank 
Guarantee issued by an Indian Nationalized Bank or any Scheduled Bank in India 
in the prescribed proforma, annexed as “Annexure-VI of Section-0” hereto, valid 
for a period not less than 90 days beyond the validity period of the tender. Failure 
to do so may prevent a tender from being considered.  

 Micro and Small enterprises (MSEs) Units registered with NSIC under their Single 
Point Registration Scheme or District Industries Centre (DIC) or Khadi and village 
Industries Commission (KVIC) or Khadi Village and Industries Board (KVIB) or 
Coir Board or Directorate of Handicrafts and Handlooms or any other body 
specified by Ministry of MSME or MSEs having Udyog Aadhar Memorandum for 
the manufacturing of offered Integrated Server Rack are exempted from 
furnishing the Bid Security deposit/ EMD.  

 They should furnish with the Bid a Notarized copy of the valid registration 
certificate/ Entrepreneurs memorandum (EM-II) details/ other relevant documents 
issued by above board/ body in their favors, for the manufacturing of offered 
Integrated Server Rack covered under this Tender document.  No other bidders 
are exempted from furnishing Bid Security/ EMD as mentioned above. 

 

Note (1): Traders are excluded from purview of benefit to be extended under 
Public Procurement Policy (As per Q. No. 18 of Frequently Asked Questions 
(FAQs) dated 24.10.2016 on Public Procurement Policy Order 2012 (MSME 
Act- 2006). Such Traders are advised to submit the tender fee / Bid Security 
/ EMD in the form of DD/BC/BG. 

 

9.2 Startups as recognized by Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) are 
exempted from furnishing Bid Security/ EMD. They should furnish with the Bid a 
notarized copy of the valid Certificate of Recognition issued by DIPP. No other 
bidders are exempted from furnishing Bid Security/ EMD except as mentioned 
elsewhere in the document. 

9.3 The bidders shall not be entitled, during the period of validity of their offers 
without the consent in writing of the Employer, to revoke or withdraw their bids or 
vary in any respect their offer or any terms and conditions thereof. In case of a 
bidder revoking or withdrawing his Bid or varying any terms and conditions in 
regard thereto without the consent of the Employer in writing during the period of 
validity of his offer, the Purchaser may at his discretion, forfeit the Bid Security 



  SECTION‐0 

 

furnished by the bidder along with his offer. 

           In addition to this the bidder may at the discretion of the Purchaser/Employer, be 
debarred from bidding for a period as may be considered fit by the Purchaser/ 
Employer, against any Bid that might be invited by the Purchaser/ Employer in 
future. The Purchaser/ Employer will also be within its rights to circulate the 
information, at its discretion to other prospective purchasers about the bidder 
having withdrawn his offer within the validity period. 

 

9.4 Bids received unaccompanied by either an acceptable Bid Security or a notarized 
photocopy of valid certificate of registration stated as above shall be rejected as 
being non-responsive and returned. 

 

9.5 Bid Security of the successful bidder will be returned when the bidder has signed 
the Contract Agreement and furnished requisite Performance Guarantee as 
stipulated in GCC. The Bid Security of bidders who are not qualified for opening 
of price bid shall be returned within 15 days after such notification. The Bid 
Security of all the unsuccessful bidders whose price bid has been opened will be 
returned within 15 days of notification of the award of Contract to the successful 
bidder. 

 

9.6 The Bid Security may be forfeited:  

(a) If the Bidder withdraws its bid or varies any terms & conditions, without the 
consent of the Employer, in regard thereto during the period of Bid validity 
specified by the bidder; or 

(b) If the bidder indulges in Corrupt, Fraudulent, Collusive or Coercive 
practice(s) as mentioned in the clause 21.0 of ITB or defaults 
commitments under Integrity Pact (ITB clause no. 22.0); or 

(c) If the successful bidder fails to enter into Contract Agreement when 
required; or  

(d) In the case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails within the specified 
time limit to furnish the required Performance Security  in accordance with 
GCC & SCC. 

 

9.7 All the bidders who have furnished Bid security in the form of Demand Draft (DD) 
are required to submit duly filled in ECS form as per “Annexure-VIII of Section-
0” for release of Bid Security. 

 

10.0 VALIDITY  OF BID: 

10.1 The validity of bid shall be 120 days from the last date of online bid submission. 
In case the validity given is for a lesser period, the bid shall be treated as non-
responsive. 
 

10.2 In exceptional circumstances, the Employer may solicit the bidder’s consent to an 
extension of a bid validity period. The request and responses thereto shall be 



  SECTION‐0 

 

made in writing. If a bidder accepts to prolong the period of validity, the Bid 
Security shall also suitably extended. A Bidder may refuse the request without 
forfeiting its bid security. A bidder granting the request will neither be required nor 
be permitted to modify its bid. 
 

10.3 All the provisions of bid including those regarding discharge and forfeiture of 
EMD shall continue to apply during the extended period of bid validity specified 
by the Bidder. 

11.0 TENDER ACCEPTANCE FORM 

11.1 The Bidder or his authorized representative shall sign and upload all the 
documents, owning responsibility for their correctness/ authenticity and submit 
the declaration in respect of acceptance of terms and conditions of tender 
document in the “Tender Acceptance Letter” (Annexure-I of Section-0). 

12.0 SUBMISSION OF OFFER 

The Bid shall be submitted online in TWO COVER SYSTEM [Techno-commercial 
and Finance (Financial bid)] duly scanned and digitally signed by the authorized 
representative of the Bidder as follows: 

  
12.1 ONLINE SUBMISSION 

A) Cover-1 (TECHNICAL BID) 

TECHNO-COMMERCIAL COVER 

Online bids should be submitted containing scanned copy of following 
document in Cover-1: 

i) All Documents establishing conformity to the Eligibility Criteria as 
mentioned at Clause 2.0 of ITB as detailed below:- 

a) Documentary evidence duly notarized by notary public or Self–
Declaration Certificate in respect of support office in Delhi/ NCR as 
per clause no. 2.2.1 of ITB. 

b) Undertaking from OEM regarding support service as per clause no. 
2.2.2 (i) of ITB. 

c) Undertaking from OEM regarding support service as per clause no. 
   

2.2.2 (ii) of ITB. 
 

d) Copies of Supply/ Works orders along with successful completion 
certificate/ successful installation certificate & TDS certificate, as 
applicable duly notarized by notary public as per clause no. 2.2.3 of 
ITB. 

e) Self-declaration quoting for all items mentioned in BOQ as per 
clause no. 2.2.4 (a) of ITB. 

f) Technical Specifications/ Technical Compliance Sheet duly filled 
signed and stamped as per clause no. 2.2.4 (b) of ITB. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

g) Self-Declaration by the bidder as per clause no. 2.3 of ITB. 

h) Integrity Pact & Guidelines on Banning of Business Dealings 
(Annexure-A alonwith Appendix-I to IV) as per clause no. 2.4 of ITB. 

ii) Scanned copy of Demand Draft/ Banker’s Cheque /relevant MSEs 
Certificate towards tender fees as mentioned in clause 3.0 of ITB. 

iii) Scanned copy of Demand Draft/ Banker’s Cheque/ BG/ notarized copy of 
relevant MSEs Certificate/ notarized copy of the valid Certificate of 
Recognition issued by DIPP for Startups towards Bid Security as per Clause 
9.0 of ITB.  

iv) ECS Form as per clause no. 9.7 of ITB. 

v) Tender Acceptance Letter as per clause no.11.0 of ITB. 

vi) Power of Attorney (on non-judicial stamp paper) -POA of authority of the 
person authorized for signing on behalf of the bidder along with authority of 
executant of POA (by way of Board Resolution, Memorandum/ Article of 
association etc.), as per clause no. 13.1 of ITB having the following 
information: 

Name & Address of authorized signatory:- 

Telephone/ Fax No.:- 
Mobile No. :- 
E-mail ID: - 

vii) PAN No. & GSTIN No. 

viii) No Deviation Certificate as per clause no. 13.12 of ITB. 

ix) Details of Past Experience as per clause no. 14.0 of ITB. 

x) Declaration regarding MSME under MSMED Act 2006 as per clause no. 
20 of ITB. 

xi) Bid Proforma as per clause no. 23.0 of ITB. 
xii) Undertaking by Bidder towards Anti-profiteering Clause of GST Act / Rules 
xiii) Check List 
 

B)   Cover-2- FINANCIAL BID (PRICE-BID) 

The Financial Bid (Price Bid) shall be submitted in electronic form in conformity 
with the tender specifications on the portal only by the time & date as specified in 
NIT. The financial cover shall contain price bid in the enclosed “Schedule of 
Quantities & Prices” i.e. BOQ_XXXX.xls. The quoted rates should be in Indian 
Rupee and shall be written in figures in BOQ_XXXX.xls. 

Submission of the Financial Bid (Price Bid) by any other means shall not be 
accepted by the Employer in any circumstances. In case, if any cell is left blank 
and no rate is quoted against any of the item(s) by the Bidder, rate of such 



  SECTION‐0 

 

item(s) shall be treated as “0” (Zero) and considered included in the cost of the 
bid and no separate claim whatsoever will be entertained on this account. 

Online submission of the bid will not be permitted on the portal after expiry 
of submission time and the Bidder shall not be permitted to submit the 
same by any other mode. 
 
 

12.2 OFFLINE SUBMISSIONS: 

HARD COPY/ SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS  

Hard copy of following supporting documents forming part of Techno-
Commercial bids shall be submitted offline (i.e. physically) in separate sealed 
envelope bearing on the top the reference of the Tender specification to 

“General Manager (Elect.) -IV, Contracts (E&M) Division, 2nd Floor, Jyoti Sadan, 
NHPC Office Complex, Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 (Haryana)” on or before 
the due date & time of submission as per NIT.  

i) DD/ Banker’s Cheque/ Notarized copy of valid relevant MSEs Certificate 
towards Cost of bidding document. 

ii) DD/ Banker’s Cheque/ Bank Guarantee/ Notarized copy of valid relevant 
MSEs Certificate towards Bid Security / notarized copy of the valid 
Certificate of Recognition issued by DIPP for Startups/ towards EMD.  

iii) Power of Attorney (on non- judicial stamp paper) alongwith authority of 
executants of POA (by way of Board Resolution, Memorandum/ Article of 
association etc.), having the following information: 
 

Name & Address of authorized signatory:-  
Telephone/ Fax No.:- 
Mobile No. :- 
E-mail ID: - 
 

These envelope(s) shall not contain anything else. This part of bid should not 
contain any “Price information”. 

If any discrepancy is found between  the  Hard  Copies  of  the  offline  
documents viz. DD towards cost of bid document & DD/  BG  towards  Bid  
Security, Power   of   Attorney and   scanned  copy of same uploaded online then 
the online bid shall be liable for rejection. 
 

12.3 Deadline for submission of Bids: 

12.3.1 Bids must be received by the Employer at the address specified in the Invitation 
for Bids (Notice Inviting e-Tender) not later than the time and date stated in the 
Invitation for Bids. In the event of the specified date for submission of bids being 
declared a holiday for the Employer, the bids will be received upto the appointed 
time on next working day. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

12.3.2 The Employer may, at its discretion, extend this deadline for submission of bids 
by amending the bidding documents in accordance with ITB Clause no. 6, in 
which case all rights and obligations of Employer and Bidders will thereafter be 
subject to the deadline as extended. 
 

 

12.4 Late Bids: 

Online submission of the bid will not be permitted on the portal after expiry of 
submission time and the Bidder shall not be permitted to submit the same by any 
other mode. Similarly hard copies of the Offline documents, if received by the 
Employer after the deadline for submission of Bids prescribed in Invitation for 
Bids (Notice Inviting e-Tender), then it will be considered as ‘Late Bid’ 
notwithstanding the fact that the Bidder has uploaded the bid online within the 
stipulated deadline. In such a case, the uploaded online bid on the portal shall be 
considered as non-responsive and shall not be processed further. 

13.0 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: 

13.1 The bid must be signed by the Bidder with his usual signature. Satisfactory 
evidence (Power of Attorney-POA) of authority of the person signing on behalf 
of the Bidder (on non-judicial stamp paper) along with authority of executant of 
POA (by way of Board Resolution, Article/ Memorandum of Association etc.), 
shall be furnished with the bid. 

13.2 Any interlineations, erasures or overwriting shall only be valid if they are initialled 
by the Authorized signatory (ies) to the bid. 

13.3 The bidders are advised to submit their bids complete in all respect. 
Clarification(s) on the bids may be sought by the Employer from time to time, if 
so desired by the Employer, at its sole discretion. 

13.4 Bidders will not be allowed to revise the quoted prices on their own, once “Bids” 
have been opened by the Employer. 

13.5 If the due date of opening of bids, as specified falls on non-working day(s)/ 
holiday(s), bids would be opened at the same time as specified in the NIT but on 
the next working day or days, as the case may be. 

13.6 The Employer reserves the right to itself to postpone and/or extend the date of 
receipt or to withdraw the Bid notice, without assigning any reason thereof, 
entirely at its discretion. In such an event, bidders shall not be entitled to any 
compensation, in any form whatsoever. 

13.7 Bidders are advised to fill in the Annexures/ Formats/ Forms/ Schedule of 
quantities and Prices in respect of each and every item by strictly following the 
instruction, foot notes etc., to facilitate the Employer in speedy evaluation of bids. 
Failure to do so may prevent the Bid from being considered by the Employer. 

13.8 Vague and ambiguous replies and replies such as “Refer covering letter, 
conditions of Bid etc.” shall be avoided. Such replies shall be deemed to be 
incomplete and may prevent the Bid from being considered by the Employer. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

13.9 The bidders in their own interest are advised to be very careful while mentioning 
their rates in price bid in “Schedule of Quantities & Prices”. 

13.10 A set of technical, descriptive and illustrative literature/ leaflets/ brochures/ 
catalogues shall be uploaded wherever applicable. 

13.11 Bidders are required to quote item wise competitive rates for the all the items in 
the Price bid. . 

13.11.1   All  applicable taxes, duties & levies including GST etc. as applicable twenty 
Eight (28) days prior to deadline for submission of bids, shall be included in 
Price Bid and paid/ reimbursed accordingly against production of 
documentary evidence. However, the payment/ reimbursement shall be 
restricted upto the amount quoted in Schedule of Quantities and Prices. 

13.11.2 Save as above, GST as applicable and assessed on the Employer shall 
also be included in the prices/ rates, which shall be deducted from the 
Contractor’s bill and deposited to the concerned authority by the Employer/ 
Purchaser. 

13.11.3 Statutory variations in Taxes and Duties or levy of any new Tax after the 
date 28 (Twenty Eight) days prior to deadline of submission of bid will be 
adjusted/ reimbursed against production of documentary evidence. 

13.11.4 The applicable GST on LD/Encashment/Adjustment of PBG & EMD in the 
nature of penalty, if any shall be on the account of Contractor/bidder and 
same shall be recovered from Contractor/Bidder 

13.12 The supplies/ work covered by this Bid specification shall be executed strictly in 
accordance with the conditions specified in the General/ Special Conditions of 
contract and other conditions specified in various sections of this Bid document. 
If any of the aforesaid condition is not clear to the Bidder, clarification may be 
sought from the Employer before submission of bids. Bidders are advised to 
accept all the conditions specified in the Bid Document to facilitate early 
finalization of bids. Separate set of commercial conditions (such as Bidder’s 
standard printed conditions) enclosed with the offer and any reference thereto 
may render the Bid liable to summarily rejection. No Deviation Certificate as per 
“Annexure-X of Section-0” shall be submitted. 

13.13 The Bidder shall submit rate analysis of quoted price if so desired by the 
Employer. 

13.14 Price bid of bidders, whose techno-commercial bids are not considered 
acceptable to the Employer, will not be opened and their bid security shall be 
returned to them. The decision of the Employer is final and binding in this regard. 

13.15 Bidders are requested to submit their offer strictly in line with terms and 
conditions of tender specification, otherwise bid may be rejected. Bids will be 
received in electronic form only. Bids submitted manually shall not be accepted. 

13.16 Conditional offers are liable for rejection. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

13.17 GST has been implemented by the Government w.e.f 01.07.2017. The 
Contractor, except for the supplies for the categories mentioned at Section 9(3) 
of GST Act, shall submit GSTIN and shall quote his prices in accordance with 
GST provisions after considering the benefit of Input Tax Credit etc. Undertaking 
in the prescribed format (Annexure-XI of Section-0) for passing on benefit of 
Input Tax Credit and compliance of Anti-profiteering clause under Section 171 of 
CGST Act / SGST Act. shall be submitted along with bid. 
 

13.18 Any liability of GST arising out of forfeiture of EMD shall be borne by the 
Contractor. 

14.0 PAST EXPERIENCE: 

 The Bidder should fill the details of his past experience meeting eligibility criteria 
(refer ITB clause 2.2.3) in the supply of material covered under these 
specifications in the prescribed Proforma annexed as “Annexure-IV of Section-0” 
hereto.  

  

15.0 MODIFICATIONS PRIOR TO THE DATE OF BID OPENING:  

Deleted 
 

16.0 WITHDRAWAL/ MODIFICATION/ REVISION OF BID: 

 The Bidder may choose to revise the Bids till the Bid submission deadline. For any 
Revision of the Bid, the Bidder has to submit it afresh. 

 It should be strictly noted that as per portal provision, the bid once 
withdrawn by the Bidder, the Bidder cannot participate in the same tender 
again. 

 

17.0 ONLINE OPENING OF BIDS BY PURCHASER/ EMPLOYER:  

17.1 The Employer will open the Bids online on the date as specified in NIT. 

17.2 In the event of the specified date or amendment if any for the submission of bids 
being declared a holiday for the Employer, the hard copy of the documents will be 
received upto the specified time on the next working day. Similarly, in the event of 
the specified date or amendment if any for the opening of bids being declared a 
holiday for the Employer, the opening shall be carried out at the specified time on 
the next working day. However, the date and time for online submission of the 
Bids shall continue to be the date and time specified or amended if any. 

17.3 Initially, the ‘Techno-Commercial Bid’ shall be opened and the ‘Price Bid’ of only 
those bidders whose Techno-Commercial bid is acceptable to the Employer shall 
be opened online subsequently. 
 

18.0 EVALUATION OF BIDS: 

18.1 The Purchaser/ Employer will examine the bids to determine whether they are 



  SECTION‐0 

 

complete, whether any computational errors have been made, whether the 
documents have been properly signed and whether the bids are generally in 
order and conforms to all the terms, conditions and specifications of the bid 
documents without any deviations.   

 The Employer will, thereafter check and ascertain whether the bidder fulfils the 
Eligibility criteria and other requirements specified under ITB Clause 2.0. The 
Bids submitted by the Bidders who meet the Eligibility Criteria set under ITB 
Clause 2.0 shall only qualify for consideration and further technical evaluation by 
the employer. 

The Employer’s determination of a Bid’s responsiveness is to be based on the 
contents of the Bid itself without recourse to extrinsic evidence. If a Bid is not 
substantially responsive, it will be rejected by the Employer and may not 
subsequently be made responsive by the Bidder by correction of the non-
conformity. 
 

18.2 Prior to the detailed evaluation, the Employer will determine whether each bid is 
of acceptable quality, is generally complete and is substantially responsive to the 
bidding documents. For purposes of this determination, a substantially 
responsive bid is one that conforms to all the terms, conditions and specifications 
of the bidding documents without material deviations, objections, conditionalities 
or reservations. 

A material deviation, objection, conditionality or reservation is one (i) that affects 
in any substantial way the scope, quality or performance of the Contract; (ii) that 
limits in any substantial way, inconsistent with the Bidding Documents, the 
Employer’s rights or the successful Bidder’s obligations under the Contract; or 
(iii) whose rectification would unfairly affect the competitive position of other 
Bidders who are presenting substantially responsive Bids. 

 The employer may waive any minor informality, nonconformity or irregularity in a 
Bid that does not constitute a material deviation, and that does not prejudice or 
affect the relative ranking of any Bidder as a result of the technical and 
commercial evaluation, as per clause 18.1 above. 

Also, if any discrepancy is found between the Hard Copies of the online 
documents viz. DD towards cost of bid document & DD/ BG towards Bid Security, 
Power of Attorneyand scanned copy of same uploaded online then the online bid 
shall be liable for rejection. 
 

18.3 During bid evaluation, the Purchaser/ Employer may ask the bidder for 
clarification of its bid. The request for clarification and the response shall be in 
writing, and no change in the price or substance of the bid shall be sought, 
offered or permitted. 
 

18.4 The Tender shall be evaluated as a whole and the evaluation of the bids shall be 
done on total quoted prices for the total Package as per BOQ_XXXX.xls: 
Schedule of Quantities & Prices. It is mandatory to quote for all the items 



  SECTION‐0 

 

mentioned in the BOQ_XXXX.xls: Schedule of Quantities & Prices. In case, if any 
cell is left blank and no rate is quoted against any of the item(s) by the Bidder, 
rate of such item(s) shall be treated as “0” (Zero) and considered included in the 
cost of the bid and no separate claim whatsoever will be entertained on this 
account. The bidder has to quote the rates for all items/systems including the 
cost of 3 (three) year comprehensive warranty and on-site support. 
 

18.5 All applicable taxes, duties and levies as mentioned in BOQ_XXXX.xls i.e. 
Schedule of Quantities & Prices shall be considered for the purpose of evaluation 
of bids. 
 

18.6 Any adjustments in price that result from the above procedures shall be added, 
for purposes of comparative evaluation only, to arrive at an ‘Evaluated Bid Price’. 
Bid prices quoted by Bidder shall remain unaltered. 
 

19.0 AWARD CRITERIA & PURCHASER’S/ EMPLOYER’S RIGHT TO ACCEPT 
ANY BID AND TO REJECT ANY OR ALL BIDS: 

19.1 The Employer reserves the right to accept or reject any bid, or cancel/ withdraw 
invitation to Bid for any reason including National Defence and security 
conditions, and annul the Bidding process and reject all bids at any time prior to 
the award of Contract, without thereby incurring any liability to the affected Bidder 
or bidders. However, the bidder(s), who wish to seek reasons for such decision of 
cancellation/ rejection, shall be informed of the same by Employer unless its 
disclosure reasonably could be expected to affect the sovereignty and integrity of 
India, the security, strategic, scientific or economic interest of the State, relation 
with foreign state or lead to incitement of an offence. 

 

19.2 The Employer shall not be bound to accept the lowest or any bid and reserves to 
itself the right of accepting whole or a portion of any of the bid as it may deem fit, 
without assigning any reason thereof. 

 

19.3 Canvassing in any form or any approach, official or otherwise, by the Bidder to 
influence the consideration of his bid shall render the bid liable to summarily 
rejection. 
 

19.4 Subject to ITB Clause 19.2, the Employer shall award the contract to the 
successful Bidder whose bid has been determined to be substantially responsive 
and to be the lowest evaluated bid, further provided that the Bidder is determined 
to be qualified to perform the contract satisfactorily. 
 

19.5 The Evaluated price arrived at in terms of clause 18 shall be considered for the 
comparison and evaluation of the bids. However, for the purpose of award of 
work the lesser of the total price quoted by the Bidder as per ‘price bid’ or the 
evaluated price as per clause 18 of ITB shall be considered. 
 

19.6 The scope of work includes Supply, installation and Commissioning of 
equipments / systems, as per details given in Section-II: Special Conditions of 



  SECTION‐0 

 

Contract (SCC). The Contract to be entered into with successful Bidder shall be 
under single contract package for entire scope of work. 
 

19.7 The parties shall sign the Contract Agreement (three sets in Original) within 30 
days from the date of issue of Letter of Award. The Contractor shall be provided 
with one signed original Contract Agreement. The expenses of completing and 
stamping the agreement shall be borne by the Contractor. Subsequent to signing 
of the Contract, the Contractor at his own cost shall provide the Employer with 
four (4) true copies of Contract agreement within fifteen (15) days after signing of 
Contract. 

20.0 INFORMATION W.R.T. PUBLIC PROCUREMENT POLICY FOR MICRO AND    
SMALL ENTERPRISES (MSES)  ORDER`2012: 

   
(a) Tender Document fee: 

  Micro and Small enterprises (MSEs) under their Single Point Registration Scheme 
for the goods/ services at NSIC or District Industries Centre (DIC) or Khadi and 
village Industries Commission (KVIC) or Khadi Village and Industries Board 
(KVIB) or Coir Board or Directorate of Handicrafts and Handlooms or any other 
body specified by Ministry of MSME or MSEs having Udyog Aadhar Memorandum 
are exempted from furnishing the cost of tender document fees. They should 
furnish a Notarized copy of the valid registration certificate/ Entrepreneurs 
memorandum (EM-II) details/ other relevant documents issued by above board/ 
body in their favors, for the manufacturing of offered Integrated Server Rack,  
covered under this tender document. No other bidders are exempted from 
furnishing cost of tender fee as mentioned above. 

 
(b) Bid security / EMD: 

Micro and Small enterprises (MSEs) Units registered with NSIC under their Single 
Point Registration Scheme or District Industries Centre (DIC) or Khadi and village 
Industries Commission (KVIC) or Khadi Village and Industries Board (KVIB) or 
Coir Board or Directorate of Handicrafts and Handlooms or any other body 
specified by Ministry of MSME or MSEs having Udyog Aadhar Memorandum for 
the manufacturing of offered Integrated Server Rack, covered are exempted 
from furnishing the Bid Security deposit/ EMD.  

They should furnish with the Bid a Notarized copy of the valid registration 
certificate/ Entrepreneurs memorandum (EM-II) details/ other relevant documents 
issued by above board/ body in their favors, for the manufacturing of offered 
Integrated Server Rack covered under this Tender document. No other 
bidders are exempted from furnishing Bid Security/ EMD as mentioned above. 

Note (1): Traders are excluded from purview of benefit to be extended under 
Public Procurement Policy (As per Q. No. 18 of Frequently Asked Questions 
(FAQs) dated 24.10.2016 on Public Procurement Policy Order 2012 (MSME 



  SECTION‐0 

 

Act- 2006). Such Traders are advised to submit the tender fee / Bid Security 
/ EMD in the form of DD/BC/BG. 

 

Bids received unaccompanied by either an acceptable Bid Security or a 
photocopy of valid certificate of registration stated as above shall be rejected as 
being non-responsive and returned unopened to the bidders. 
 

(c) Purchase Preference in favour of MSEs registered with NSIC: 

Purchase Preference in favour of MSEs registered with NSIC: 

Micro and Small enterprises (MSEs) Units registered with NSIC under their Single 
Point Registration Scheme or District Industries Centre (DIC) or Khadi and village 
Industries Commission (KVIC) or Khadi Village and Industries Board (KVIB) or 
Coir Board or Directorate of Handicrafts and Handlooms or any other body 
specified by Ministry of MSME or MSEs having Udyog Aadhar Memorandum for 
the manufacturing of offered Integrated Server Rack, covered in this Tender 
document shall also be eligible for the Purchase Preference. 

In tender, participating Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) quoting price within 
price band of L1+15% shall also be allowed to supply a portion of the requirement 
by bringing down their price to L1 price in a situation where L1 price is from 
someone other than an MSE and such MSEs shall be allowed to supply at least 
25% of total tendered value. In case more than one such MSEs, the supply will be 
shared proportionately (to tendered quantity).  

In case of tender item is non-splitable or non-dividable, etc. MSE quoting price 
within price band L1+15% may be awarded for full/complete supply of total 
tendered value to MSE, considering spirit of Public Procurement Policy, 2012 for 
enhancing the Govt. Procurement from MSE.  

Out of 25% target of annual procurement from MSEs, a sub target of 4% will be 
earmarked for procurement from MSEs owned by SC/ST entrepreneurs. However, 
in the event of failure of such MSEs to participate in the Tender Process or meet 
the tender requirements and the L1 price, the 4% sub-target for procurement 
earmarked for MSEs owned by SC/ST entrepreneurs will be met from other 
MSEs. 

Out of the total annual procurement from MSEs, 3% from within the 25% target 
shall be earmarked for procurement from MSEs owned by women. 

Definition of MSEs owned by SC/ST is as given under: 

(a) In case of proprietary MSE, proprietor(s) shall be SC/ST 

(b) In case of partnership MSE, the SC/ST partners shall be holding at least 
51% shares in the unit 

(c) In case of Private Limited Companies, at least 51% share shall be held by 
SC/ST promoters. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

(d) ‘MSME Development Act 2006’ is applicable to all contractors/ suppliers/ 
service providers. Therefore information as per “Annexure-VIII of 
Section-0” appended hereto is required to be submitted/enclosed by the 
bidder along with bid. 

* This work is non-splitable and non-dividable.  

21.0 CORRUPT, FRAUDULENT, COLLUSIVE OR COERCIVE PRACTICES : 

It is expected from the Bidders/ Suppliers/ Contractors that they will observe 
the highest standard of ethics during the procurement and execution of such 
contracts. In pursuance of this policy: 

(a) for the purpose of this provision, the terms set forth below shall mean as 
under: 

(i) "corrupt practice" means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting, 
directly or indirectly, of anything of value to influence the action of a 
public official in the procurement process or in contract execution; 
and 

(ii) "fraudulent practice" means a misrepresentation/ omission of facts in 
order to influence a procurement process or the execution of a 
contract. 

(iii)  “Collusive practice” means a scheme or arrangement between two 
or more Bidders, with or without the knowledge of the Employer, 
designed to establish bid prices at artificial, non-competitive levels; 
and 

(iv) “coercive practice” means harming or threatening to harm, 
directly or indirectly, person or their property to influence their 
participation in a procurement process or affect the execution of a 
contract; 

(v) An agreement called “Integrity Pact” between the prospective Bidders 
and the Employer shall be signed committing the person/ officials of 
both the parties, not to exercise any corrupt influence on any aspect 
of the Tender/ Contract. 

(b) A Bid may be rejected by the Employer if it is determined at any stage that 
the respective Bidder has engaged in corrupt, fraudulent, collusive and 
coercive practices or default commitment under Integrity Pact as mentioned 
above in competing for the contract in question. 

(c) The Employer may declare a bidder ineligible, either indefinitely or for a 
stated period of time, if it at any time determines that the firm has engaged in 
corrupt or fraudulent practices, Collusive and Coercive practices or default 
commitment under Integrity Pact in competing for, or in executing, a contract. 

(d) Banning of Business Dealings: It is not in the interest of NHPC to deal 
with Agencies who commit deception, fraud or other misconduct in the 



  SECTION‐0 

 

tendering process and/or during execution of work undertaken. The 
grounds on which Banning of Business Dealings can be initiated are as 
follows: 

(i) If the security consideration, including questions of loyalty of the 
Agency to NHPC so warrants; 

(ii) If the director/owner of the Agency, proprietor or partner of the firm, 
is convicted by a court of law for offences involving moral turpitude 
in relation to its business dealings with the Government or any other 
public sector enterprises, during last five years;  

(iii) If the Agency has resorted to Corrupt, Fraudulent, Collusive, 
Coercive practices including misrepresentation of facts and violation 
of the any provisions of the Integrity Pact provided in the Contract; 

(iv) If the Agency uses intimidation / threatening or brings undue outside 
pressure on NHPC or its official for acceptance / performances of the 
job under the contract:; 

(v) If the Agency misuses the premises or facilities of the NHPC, 
forcefully occupies or damages the NHPC’s properties including land, 
water resources, forests / trees or tampers with documents/records 
etc.; 

(vi) If the Agency does not fulfill the obligations as required under the 
Contract and Violates terms & conditions of the contract which has 
serious affect for continuation of the Contract. 

(vii) If the work awarded to the agency has been terminated by NHPC due 
to poor performance of the contract in the preceding 5 years. 

(viii) If the Central Vigilance Commission, Central Bureau of Investigation 
or any other Central Government investigation  Agency    
recommends such  a  course  in respect of a case under investigation 
or improper conduct  on agency’s part  in matters relating to the 
Company (NHPC) or even otherwise;  

(ix) On any other ground upon which business dealings with the Agency 
is not in the public interest. 

(x) If business dealings with the Agency have been banned by the 
Ministry of Power, Government of India OR any PSU/ any other 
authority under the MOP if intimated to NHPC or available on MOP 
Website, the business dealing with such agencies shall be banned 
with immediate effect for future business dealing except banning 
under Integrity Pact without any further investigation. 

 

(Note: The examples given above are only illustrative and not exhaustive. 
The Competent Authority may decide to ban business dealing for any good 
and sufficient reason). 

The procedure for banning of Business Dealings shall be governed as 
per NHPC’s “Policy and Procedure for Banning Business Dealings”.  

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

22.0 INTEGRITY PACT 

To improve transparency and fairness in tendering process the Purchaser/ 
Employer is to implement a transparency pact. 

 The Pre-contract integrity pact, signed by all the prospective Bidders and the 
Employer shall commit the persons/ officials of both the parties, not to exercise 
any corrupt/ fraudulent/ collusive/ coercive practices in the tendering process and 
also during implementation of the contract. Only those Bidders who have entered 
into Integrity Pact with the Employer shall be eligible to participate in the bidding 
process. Entering into Integrity Pact as per Performa (Annexure-III of Section-0) 
provided in the tender is a basic qualifying requirement. 

 Pre-contract Integrity pact is to be executed on plain paper with NHPC Ltd. at the 
time of submission of Bids. The successful bidder (Contractor) shall submit duly 
executed Integrity Pact on Non-Judicial Stamp Paper of appropriate value prior to 
signing of Contract Agreement. To oversee the compliance under the Integrity 
pact, Sh. Sudhir Krishna & Sh. Rajan Nair, have been appointed as an 
Independent External Monitor (IEM) by the owner. The Contact Address of IEM is 
as under:- 

 Independent External Monitor for NHPC, Room no.214, 
 NHPC Ltd., NHPC Office Complex, Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 

23.0 BID PROFORMA: 

 The bidder should fill in the Bid Proforma appended as “Annexure-V of 
Section-0” herewith.  

 

24.0 CHECK LIST: 

The Check List attached herein shall be uploaded duly Tick Marked by Bidders 
online. 

CHECK LIST 

This Check List duly tick marked shall be submitted online 

Sl. 
No. 

Document Required Clause 
Reference 

Action required Submitted  
Please 
tick (√ )  

1a) Documentary evidence duly notarized 
by notary public or Self–Declaration 
Certificate in respect of support office in 
Delhi/  

ITB Clause 2.2.1 To be uploaded 
online 

 

1b) (i) Bidder shall submit an undertaking 
from OEM for critical components 
as detailed in ITB cl. 2.2.2 (i) 

ITB Clause 2.2.2 
(i) 

To be uploaded 
online 

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

 (ii) Documentary evidence duly 
notarized for having support and 
service center of OEM of critical 
components in India 

ITB Clause 2.2.2 
(ii) 

  

1c) Notarized copies of Documentary 
evidences in support of the qualification 
criteria: 

ITB Clause 2.2.3 To be uploaded 
online 

 

(i)  P.O./ S.O./ W.O.   

(ii)   successful completion certificate/ 
successful installation certificate  & 
TDS certificate, as applicable, of 
respective POs/ SOs/ WOs 

 

1(d) Self declaration certificate quoting for 
all the items mentioned in BOQ 
(Schedule of Quantities & Prices) 

ITB Clause 2.2.4 
(a) 

To be uploaded 
online 

 

 Technical compliance sheet duly filled 
and signed as per Section-III 

ITB Clause 2.2.4 
(b) 

To be uploaded 
online 

 

1(e) Self-declaration in original on 
Company’s Letterhead: 

   

 The bidder should not have been 
banned/de-listed/ blacklisted/ de-
barred from business on the grounds 
mentioned in Para 6 of Guidelines on 
Banning of Business dealings 
(Annex-A) to Integrity Pact, ITB 
Clause no. 22.0 of tender document. 

ITB Clause 2.3 

Annexure-IX 

To be uploaded 
online 

    

1f Integrity Pact as per Performa duly 
signed & Stamped at each page.  

ITB Clause 2.4/ 
22,  Annexure-III 

and its 
Annexure-A 
along with 

appendices 

To be uploaded 
online 

 

2. Tender Document Fee ITB Clause 3.0 To be submitted in 
hard copy and 

uploaded scanned 
copy online 

  

(i) DD amounting to Rs. 1500/- (i) 

or or 

(ii) Notarized copy of valid relevant 
MSEs Certificate 

(ii)  

3. EMD ITB Clause 9.1/ 
Annexure-VI 

To be submitted in 
hard copy and 

uploaded scanned 

 

(i) DD Amounting to Rs. 4,46,000/- (i)  

or                                 Or 



  SECTION‐0 

 

(ii) In case of Bank Guarantee, Strictly 
in the format of Annexure-VI, Amount 
Rs.4,46,000/- validity 210 days from 
the last date of online bid submission 

copy online. (ii)  

Or Or 

(iii)  a) Notarized copy of valid relevant 
MSEs certificate. 

(iii) a)  

Or Or 

(iii) b) Notarized copy of the valid 
Certificate of Recognition issued by 
DIPP for Startups 

(iii) b) 

(iii) c) A letter asking for such 
exemption as per (iii) a & (iii) b above 

(iii) c) 

4. Tender Acceptance Letter ITB Clause 11.0/

Annexure-I 

To be uploaded 
online 

 

5. Power of Attorney-POA of authority of 
the person signing on behalf of the 
bidder on non-judicial stamp paper 
along with authority of executant of 
POA (by way of Board Resolution, 
Article/ Memorandum of Association 
etc.), 

ITB clause 13.1 To be submitted in 
hard copy and 

uploaded online 

 

6. ECS Form  as per Annexure-VIII ITB clause 9.7/ 
Annexure-VIII 

To be uploaded 
online duly filled in.

 

7. PAN No. & GSTIN No.- Copy of PAN 
card & GSTIN 

- To be uploaded 
online  

 

8. No Deviation Certificate as per format 
on Company’s Letterhead. 

ITB clause 
13.12/ Annexure-

X 

To be uploaded 
online duly filled in

 

9. Details of Past Experience as per 
Annexure – IV 

ITB clause 14/ 
Annexure –IV 

To be uploaded 
online duly filled in

 

10. MSMED declaration as per Performa.  ITB Clause 20 
Annexure-VII 

To be uploaded 
online duly filled in

 

11. Bid Proforma  ITB Clause 23 
Annexure – V 

To be uploaded 
online duly filled in

 

12. Undertaking by Bidder towards Anti-
profiteering Clause of GST Act / Rules

Annexure-XI of 
Section-0 

To be uploaded 
online duly filled in

 

13. Schedule of Quantities & Prices i.e. 
Financial Bid (Price Bid) 

CPP Portal To be filled online  

Except the documents as mentioned in the Check List, Bidders shall not submit any 
other document. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

FOUR KEY INSTRUCTIONS for BIDDERS 
 

Note:  The following ‘FOUR KEY INSTRUCTIONS for BIDDERS’ must be assiduously 
adhered to:- 

i) Obtain individual Digital Signature Certificate (DSC or DC) well in advance 
of tender submission deadline. 

ii) Register your organization on CPPP well in advance of tender submission 
deadline. 

iii) Get your organization’s concerned executives trained on CPPP well in 
advance of tender submission deadline. 

iv) Submit your bids well in advance of tender submission deadline on portal 
(There could be last minute problems due to internet timeout, breakdown, 
etc.) While the first three instructions mentioned above are especially 
relevant to first-time users of portal, the fourth instruction is relevant at all 
times. 

Note: Electronic procurement system will not allow any Bidder to place their bids 
after the expiry of scheduled date & time. NHPC/ NIC-CPPP shall not be 
responsible for any delays / problems related to bandwidth, connectivity etc., 
which are beyond the control of the NHPC/ NIC-CPPP.” 

           -----------------------------------------------------X---------------------------------------------------- 
  



  SECTION‐0 

 

ANNEXURE-I OF SECTION-0 
[To be uploaded online (scanned copy)] 

 

TENDER ACCEPTANCE LETTER 

(To be given on Company Letter Head) 

                                                                                              Date:_________ 

To, 

General Manager (Electrical), 
Contracts (E&M) Division-IV, 
2nd Floor, Jyoti Sadan 
NHPC Ltd., Corporate Office 
Sector-33, Faridabad (Haryana)-121003 

 

Sub: Acceptance in respect of Terms & Conditions of Tender Document for 
“Supply and Installation of integrated racks infrastructure in Server room at 
2nd floor of Neer Shakti Sadan, Corporate Office, NHPC Ltd, Faridabad” 

 

Ref:  NIT No.________________________ Dated ___________ 

Sir, 

1. I/We have downloaded/ obtained the tender document(s) for the above 
mentioned ‘Tender/Work’ from the website www.eprocure.gov.in. 

2. I/We hereby certify that I/we have studied and understood all the terms and 
conditions of tender document [ITB, GCC, SCC, Schedule of Quantities & Prices, 
Detailed Technical Specifications, including all annexure(s), schedule(s) etc.], 
which shall form part of the contract and I/we shall abide hereby by all the terms 
& conditions contained therein. 

3. The corrigendum(s), if any, issued from time to time by your department/ 
organization too has also been taken into consideration, while submitting this 
acceptance letter.   

4.  I/ We hereby unconditionally accept all the terms and conditions of above 
mentioned tender document and corrigendum(s) as applicable. This is to certify 
that our offer is exactly in line with your tender enquiry. This is to expressly certify 
that our offer contains no deviation either technical or commercial in either direct 
or indirect form.  

5. In case any provisions of this tender are found violated, then your department/ 
organization shall without prejudice to any other right or remedy be at liberty to 
reject my bid including the forfeiture of earnest money deposit.  



  SECTION‐0 

 

6. I/ We confirm that before submitting this Bid, I/ We have visited the site and fully 
acquainted ourselves with the site conditions and local situation and all other 
factors pertaining to the work under this Bid.  

7. I/ We confirm that our bid shall be valid upto 120 days from the last date of online 
Bid submission. 

8. I/ We hereby certify that all the statements made and information supplied in the 
enclosed Annexures and additional data etc. furnished herewith are true and 
correct. 

9. I/We hereby certify that I/We have not been banned/ de-listed/ black listed/ 
debarred from business on the grounds mentioned in para 6 of Guidelines on 
Banning of Business Dealings (Annex-A) to Integrity Pact, ITB Clause 22 of 
Tender document.  

10. All applicable taxes & duties, other levies etc. on items as per tender specification 
have been included in the price bid. The reimbursement of total taxes & duties 
shall be restricted to the total amount of taxes & duties mentioned against 
production of documentary evidence, subject to clause 4.4 mentioned at Special 
Conditions of Contract.  

 

 

 

Date:             Name & Designation of the Officer 

Place:             For & on behalf of M/s…………… 

               Office Seal 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 



  SECTION‐0 

 

ANNEXURE-II OF SECTION-I 
[To be uploaded online (scanned copy)] 

 

 (Format of Integrity Pact) 
 

(To be executed on plain paper at the time of submission of bid and on Non-Judicial 
Stamp Paper of appropriate value by successful Bidder (Contractor) prior to signing of 

Contract Agreement) 

 

PRE CONTRACT INTEGRITY PACT 

 

Between 

NHPC Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act 1956 and having its 
registered office at NHPC Office Complex, Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 (Haryana), 
hereinafter  referred to as “ The Employer” which expression shall mean and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, his successors in office and assigns of the First Part. 

And 
 

M/s ______________________, a company/ firm/ individual (status of the company) and 
having its registered office at            represented by Shri ____________________, 
hereinafter referred to as “The Bidder/Contractor” which expression shall mean and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, his successors and permitted assigns of the Second 
Part. 

 
WHEREAS the Employer proposes to procure under laid down organizational procedures, 
contract/s for ________________________ (Name of the work/ goods/ services) and the 
Bidder/ Contractor is willing to offer against NIT No. ______________________. 
 
WHEREAS the Bidder/Contractor is a private company/ public company/ Government 
undertaking/partnership/consortium/joint venture constituted in accordance with the relevant 
law in the matter and the Employer is a Public Sector Enterprise. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, 

 
To avoid all forms of corruption by following a system that is fair, transparent and free from 
any influence/ prejudiced dealings prior to, during and subsequent to the currency of the 
contract to be entered into with a view to:-  
                                                                                      
Enabling the Employer to obtain the desired said (work/ goods/ services) at a competitive 
price in conformity with the defined specifications by avoiding the high cost and the 
distortionary impact of corruption on public procurement, and 

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

Enabling the Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s)  to abstain from bribing or indulging in any corrupt 
practice in order to secure the contract by providing assurance to them that their competitors 
will also abstain from bribing and other corrupt practices and the Employer will commit to 
prevent corruption, in any form, by its officials by following transparent procedures. 

 

1.0 COMMITMENTS OF THE EMPLOYER: 

1.1 The Employer undertakes that no official of the Employer, connected directly or 
indirectly with the contract, will demand, take a promise for or accept, directly or 
through intermediaries, any bribe, consideration, gift, reward, favour or any material 
or immaterial benefit or any other advantage from the Bidder/ Contractor, either for 
themselves or for any person, organization or third party related to the contract in 
exchange for an advantage in the bidding process, bid evaluation, contracting or 
implementation process related to the contact. 
 

1.2 The Employer will, during the pre-contract stage, treat all the Bidders/Contractors 
alike, and will provide to all the Bidders/Contractors the same information and will not 
provide any such information to any particular Bidder/Contractor which could afford 
an advantage to that particular Bidder/Contractor in comparison to other 
Bidders/Contractors.  

                                                                                 
1.3 All the officials of the Employer will report to the appropriate Authority any attempted 

or completed breaches of the above commitments as well as any substantial 
suspicion of such a breach. 

 
2.0 In case any such preceding misconduct on the part of such official(s) is reported by 

the Bidder to the Employer with full and verifiable facts and the same is prima facie 
found to be correct by the Employer, necessary disciplinary proceedings, or any 
other action as deemed fit, including criminal proceedings may be initiated by the 
Employer or Independent External Monitor and such a person shall be debarred from 
further dealings related to the contract process. In such a case while an enquiry is 
being conducted by the Employer the proceedings under the contract would not be 
stalled. 

 

3.0 COMMITMENTS OF THE BIDDER(S)/ CONTRACTOR(S) 

The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) commits themselves to take all measures necessary to 
prevent corrupt practices, unfair means and illegal activities during any stage of its 
bid or during any pre-contract or post-contract stage in order to secure the contract or 
in furtherance to secure it and in particular commit themselves to observe the 
following principles during participation in the tender process and during contract 
execution :- 

 
3.1 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) will not offer, directly or through intermediaries, any 

bribe, gift, consideration, reward, favour, any material or immaterial benefit or other 
advantage, commission, fees, brokerage or inducement to any official of the 



  SECTION‐0 

 

Employer, connected directly or indirectly with the bidding process, or to any person, 
organization or third party related to the contract in exchange for any advantage in 
the bidding, evaluation, contracting and implementation of the contract. 
 

3.2 The Bidder/ Contractor further undertakes that it has not given, offered or promised 
to give, directly or indirectly any bribe, gift  consideration, reward, favour, any 
material or immaterial benefit or other advantage, commission, fees, brokerage or 
inducement to any official of the Employer or otherwise in procuring the Contract or 
forbearing  to do or having done any act in relation to the obtaining or execution  of 
the contract or any other contract with Employer for showing or forbearing to show 
favour or disfavour to any person in relation to the contract or any other contract with  
Employer. 

 
3.3 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) shall disclose the name and address of agents and 

representatives and Indian Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) shall disclose their foreign 
principals or associates.  

 
3.4 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) shall,   when presenting their bid, disclose any/ all 

payments made, is commited to or intends to make to agents, brokers or any other 
intermediaries, in connection with this bid/ award of the contract. 

 
3.5 Deleted. 
 
3.6 The Bidder, either while presenting their bid or during pre-contract negotiations or 

before signing the contract, shall disclose any payments made, is committed to or 
intends to make to officials of the Employer or their family members, agents, brokers 
or any other intermediaries in connection with the contract and the details of services 
agreed upon for such payments. 

 
3.7 The Bidder/ Contractor will not collude with other parties interested in the contract to 

impair the transparency, fairness and progress of the bidding process, bid evaluation, 
contracting and implementation of the contract. 

 
3.8 The Bidder/ Contractor will not accept any advantage in exchange for any corrupt 

practice, unfair means and illegal activities. 
 
3.9 The Bidder/ Contractor shall not use improperly, for purposes of competition or 

personal gain, or pass on to others, any information provided by the Employer as part 
of the business  relationship, regarding plans, technical proposals and business 
details, including information contained in electronic data carrier. The Bidder/ 
Contractor also undertakes to exercise due and adequate care lest any such 
information is divulged. 

 
3.10 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) commits to refrain from giving any complaint directly or 

through any other manner without supporting it with full and verifiable facts. 
 



  SECTION‐0 

 

3.11 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) shall not instigate or cause to instigate any third person 
to commit any of the actions mentioned above. 

 
3.12 If the Bidder/ Contractor or any employee of the Bidder/ Contractor or any person 

acting on behalf of the Bidder/ Contractor, either directly or indirectly, is a relative of 
any of the officers of the Employer, or alternatively, if any relative of an officer of the 
Employer has financial interest/stake in the Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) firm (excluding 
Public Ltd. Company listed on Stock Exchange), the same shall be disclosed by the 
Bidder/Contractor at the time of filling of tender.  

           The term ‘relative’ for this purpose would be as defined in Section 2(77) of the 
Companies Act 2013. 

 
3.13 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) shall not lend to or borrow any money from or enter into 

any monetary dealings or transactions, directly or indirectly, with any employee of the 
Employer. 

 
3.14 The representative of the Bidders/ Contractors signing Integrity Pact shall not 

approach the Courts while representing the matters to IEMs and he/she will wait their 
decision in the matter. 

 
3.15 In case of Sub-Contracting, the biddershall take the responsibility of the adoption of 

Integrity Pact by the Sub-Contractor. 

 

4.0 PREVIOUS TRANSGRESSION: 

4.1 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) declares that no previous transgression occurred in the 
last three years immediately before signing of this Integrity Pact, with any other 
company in any country in respect on any corrupt practices envisaged hereunder or 
with any Public Sector Enterprise in India or any Government Department in India. 

 

5.0 EARNEST MONEY (SECURITY DEPOSIT): 

The provision regarding Earnest Money/ Security Deposit as detailed in the Notice 
Inviting Tender (NIT) and Instruction to Bidders (ITB) section of the Bid Document is 
to be referred. 

 

6.0 SANCTIONS FOR VIOLATIONS: 

6.1 Any breach of the aforesaid provisions, before award or during execution by the 
Bidder/ Contractor or any one employed by it or acting on its behalf such as to put 
their reliability or credibility in question, shall entitle the Employer to take action as 
per the procedure mentioned in the “Guidelines on Banning of Business 
Dealings” attached as Annexure-A and initiate all or any one of the following 
actions, wherever required:- 



  SECTION‐0 

 

(i) To immediately call off the pre contract negotiations without assigning any 
reason or giving any compensation to the Bidder/Contractor. However, the 
proceedings with the other Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) would continue. 

(ii) The Earnest Money Deposit (in pre-contract stage) and/or Security 
Deposit/Performance Bond (after the contract is Signed) shall stand forfeited 
either fully or partially, as decided by the Employer and the Employer shall not 
be required to assign any reason thereof. 

(iii) To immediately cancel the contract, if already signed, without giving any 
compensation to the Contractor. The Bidder/Contractor shall be liable to pay 
compensation for any loss or damage to the Employer resulting from such 
cancellation/rescission and the Employer shall be entitled to deduct the 
amount so payable from the money(s) due to the Bidder/Contractor.                                 

(iv) Deleted. 

(v) To encash the Bank guarantee, in order to recover the dues if any by the 
Employer, along with interest as per the provision of contract.     

(vi) Deleted. 

(vii) To debar the Bidder/Contractor from participating in future bidding processes 
of NHPC Ltd., as per provisions of “Guidelines on Banning of Business 
Dealings” of NHPC Ltd. (Annexure-A), which may be further extended at the 
discretion of the Employer. 

(viii) To recover all sums paid in violation of this Pact by Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) to 
any middleman or agent or broker with a view to securing the contract. 

(ix) In cases where irrevocable Letters of Credit have been received in respect of 
any contract signed by the Employer with the Bidder/ Contractor, the same 
shall not be opened/operated. 

(x) Forfeiture of Performance Security in case of a decision by the Employer to 
forfeit the same without assigning any reason for imposing sanction for 
violation of this Pact. 
 

6.2 The Employer will be entitled to take all or any of the actions mentioned at para 6.1 
(i) to (x) of this Pact also on the Commission by the Bidder/Contractor or any one 
employed by it or acting on its behalf (whether with or without the knowledge of the 
Bidder/Contractor), of an offence as defined in Chapter IX of the Indian Penal Code, 
1860 or Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 or any other statute enacted for 
prevention of corruption. 
 

6.3 The decision of the Employer to the effect that a breach of the provisions of this Pact 
has been committed by the Bidder/Contractor shall be final and conclusive on the 
Bidder/Contractor. However, the Bidder/Contractor can approach the Independent 
External Monitor(s) appointed for the purposes of this Pact. 

 

7.0 INDEPENDENT EXTERNAL MONITOR(S): 



  SECTION‐0 

 

7.1 The Employer has appointed Independent External Monitors (hereinafter referred to 
as monitors) for this Pact after approval by the Central Vigilance Commission.  

 
7.2 The task of the Monitors shall be to review independently and objectively, whether 

and to what extent the parties comply with the obligations under this Pact. 
 
7.3 The Monitors shall not be subject to instructions by the representatives of the parties 

and perform their functions neutrally and independently. The Monitors report to CMD, 
NHPC. 

 
7.4 Both the parties accept that the Monitors have the right to access all the Contract 

documents relating to the project/procurement, including minutes of meetings, 
whenever required. The right to access records should only be limited to the extent 
absolutely necessary to investigate the issue related to the subject tender/contract. 

 
7.5 As soon as the Monitor notices, or has reason to believe, a violation of this Pact, he/ 

she will so inform CMD, NHPC and request NHPC  Ltd. to discontinue or take 
corrective action, or to take other relevant action. The Monitor can in this regard 
submit non-binding recommendations. Beyond this the Monitor has no right to 
demand from the parties that they act in a specific manner, refrain from action or 
tolerate action. 

 
7.6 The Bidder(s)/ Contractor(s) accepts that the Monitor has the right to access without 

restriction, to all Project documentation of the Employer including that provided by 
the Bidder/ Contractor. The Bidder/Contractor will also grant the Monitor, upon his/ 
her request and demonstration of a valid interest, unrestricted and unconditional 
access to their project documentation. The same is applicable to Subcontractor(s). 
The Monitor shall be under contractual obligation to treat the information and 
documents of the Bidder/ Contractor/Subcontractor(s) with confidentiality. The 
Monitor has also signed declaration on 'Non-Disclosure Agreement' and of 'Absence 
of Conflict of Interest'. In case of any conflict of interest arising at an later date, the 
IEM shall inform CMD, NHPC and recuse himself/ herself from that case. 
 

7.7 The Employer will provide to the Monitor sufficient information about all meetings 
among the parties related to the project provided such meetings could have an 
impact on the contractual relations between the parties.  The parties will offer to the 
Monitor the option to participate in such meetings as and when required. 

 
7.8 The Monitor will submit a written report to the CMD, NHPC Ltd., within 8 to 10 weeks 

from the date of reference or intimation to him by the Employer/Bidder and should the 
occasion arise, submit proposals for correcting problematic situations. 

 
7.9 The word ‘Monitor’ would include both singular and plural. 
 

8.0 FACILITATION OF INVESTIGATION: 



  SECTION‐0 

 

In case of any allegation of violation of any provisions of this Pact or payment of 
commission, the Employer or its agencies shall be entitled to examine all the 
documents including the Books of Accounts of the Bidder/Contractor and the 
Bidder/Contractor shall provide necessary information and documents in English and 
shall extend all possible help for the purpose of such examination. 
 

9.0 LAW AND PLACE OF JURISDICTION: 

This Pact is subject to Indian Law. The place of performance and jurisdiction is the 
Registered Office of the Employer, i.e. Faridabad (Haryana). The arbitration clause 
provided in the tender document/contract shall not be applicable for any 
issue/dispute arising under Integrity Pact. 
 

10.0 OTHER LEGAL ACTIONS: 

10.1 The actions stipulated in this Integrity Pact are without prejudice to any other legal  
action that may follow in accordance with the provisions of the extant law in force 
relating to any civil or criminal proceedings. 

 
10.2 Changes and supplements as well as termination notice need to be made in writing. 
 
10.3 If the Contractor is a partnership or a consortium or a joint venture, this pact must be 

signed by all partners of the consortium/joint venture. 
 

11.0 VALIDITY: 

11.1 The validity of this Integrity Pact shall be from date of its signing and expires for the 
Contractor 12 months after the last payment under the contract, and for all other 
Bidders 6 months after the contract has been awarded. Any violation of the same 
would entail disqualification of the bidders and exclusion from business dealings. 

 
11.2 Should one or several provisions of this Pact turn out to be invalid, the remainder of 

this Pact shall remain valid. In this case, the parties will strive to come to an 
agreement to their original intention. 

11.3 Issues like Warranty/ Guarantee etc. shall be outside the purview of IEMs. 

11.4 In the event of any contradiction between Integrity Pact and its Annexure, the clause 
in the Integrity Pact will prevail. 

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

For & on behalf of the Employer    

A 

(Official Seal)jay Mathur 

Place: Faridabad 

Date: ______________________ 

For & on belief of the Bidder/ Contractor 

 

(Official Seal) 

Place: _________________ 

Date: ____________________ 

 

Witness 

1.______________________ 

(Name and address) 

2.__________________________ 

(Name and address) 

Witness 

1.______________________ 

(Name and address) 

2.__________________________ 

(Name and address) 



  SECTION‐0 

 

Annexure-A to Integrity Pact 

 
Guidelines on Banning of Business Dealings 

 

1.0 Introduction 

1.1 NHPC Limited (NHPC) deals with Agencies viz. parties/ contractors/ suppliers/ 
bidders, who are expected to adopt ethics of highest standards and a very high 
degree of integrity, commitments and sincerity towards the work undertaken. It is not 
in the interest of NHPC to deal with Agencies who commit deception, fraud or other 
misconduct in the tendering process and/or during execution of work undertaken. 
NHPC is committed for timely completion of the Projects within the awarded value 
without compromising on quality.   

1.2  Since suspension/ banning of business dealings involves civil consequences for an 
Agency concerned, it is incumbent that adequate opportunity of hearing is provided 
and the explanation, if tendered, is considered before passing any order in this 
regard keeping in view the facts and circumstances of the case. 

 

2.0  Scope 

2. 1  NHPC reserves its rights to remove from list of approved suppliers / contractors (if 
such list exists) or to Suspend/ Ban Business Dealings if any Agency has been found 
to be non/ poor performing or have committed misconduct or fraud or anything 
unethical or any of its action(s) which falls into any such grounds as laid down in this 
policy. 

2.2  The procedure of (i) Removal of Agency from the List of approved suppliers / 
contractors; (ii) Suspension and (iii) Banning of Business Dealing with Agencies, has 
been laid down in these guidelines. 

2.3  These guidelines shall apply to all the units of NHPC. 

2.4  These guidelines shall not be applicable in Joint Venture, Subsidiary Companies of 
NHPC unless they are assignees, successors or executor.  

2.5  The suspension/banning except suspension/banning under Integrity Pact shall be 
with prospective effect, i.e. future business dealings.  

 

3.0  Definitions 

In these Guidelines, unless the context otherwise requires: 

i)  “Agency /Party / Contractor / Supplier / Bidders/Vendors” shall mean and 
include a public limited company or a private limited company, a joint Venture, 
Consortium, HUF, a firm whether registered or not, an individual, cooperative 
society or an association or a group of persons engaged in any commerce, 
trade, industry, etc. “Party / Contractor/ Supplier / Bidder/Vendor” in the context 
of these guidelines is indicated as ‘Agency’. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

ii) “Unit” shall mean the Corporate Office, Project/ Power Station/ Regional 
Office/ Liaison Office or any other office of NHPC. 

iii) “Competent Authority” and ‘Appellate Authority’ shall mean the following: 

a. For works awarded/under Tendering  from corporate office (falling in the 
competency of CMD /Board of Directors) 

 Competent Authority: CMD 

 Appellate Authority :  Board of Directors  

b. For works awarded/under Tendering  from Corporate Office/Projects/ Power 
Stations/ Regional Offices/Liaison Offices (falling in the competency of  
Director /Executive Director ) 

 Competent Authority: Concerned Director/Executive Director as the 
case may be  

 Appellate Authority: CMD /Concerned Director as the case may be 

c. For works awarded/ under Tendering from Regional Offices / Projects/ 
Power Stations/ Liaison Offices ( falling in the competency of GM and 
below) 

 Competent Authority: Head of the Unit not below the rank of Chief 
Engineer/ Chief 

 Appellate Authority: Next higher authority 

iv)  “Investigating Committee” shall mean a Committee appointed by Competent 
Authority to conduct investigation. 

 

4.0       Initiation of Banning / Suspension 

Action for Suspension/ Banning Business Dealings with any Agency shall be 
initiated by the department responsible for invitation of Bids/ Engineer-in-charge 
after noticing the irregularities or misconduct on the part of Agency concerned. 
Besides the concerned department, Vigilance Department of each Unit/ Corporate 
Vigilance may also be competent to initiate such action.   

 

5.0  Suspension of Business Dealings. 

5.1  If the conduct of any Agency dealing with NHPC is under investigation, the 
Competent Authority may consider whether the allegations (under investigation) are 
of a serious nature and whether pending investigation, it would be advisable to 
continue business dealing with the Agency. If the Competent Authority decides that it 
would not be in the interest to continue business dealings pending investigation, it 
may suspend business dealings with the Agency. The order of suspension would 
operate for a period not more than six months and may be communicated to the 
Agency as also to the Investigating Committee. The Investigating Committee may 
ensure that their investigation is completed and whole process of final order is over 
within such period. However if the investigations are not completed within six months 



  SECTION‐0 

 

,the investigation committee shall put up the proposal to the competent authority for 
approval of extension of time maximum up to further three months with in which the 
committee shall conclude the proceedings . 

 5.2  The order of suspension shall be effective throughout NHPC in case of work falling in 
the Competency of CMD/ Board of Directors/ Directors, in case of  falling in the 
competency of Executive Director throughout Region and in case of  falling in the 
competency of HOP and below throughout the Project/Power Station and attached 
liaison offices/ units. During the period of suspension, no business dealing shall be 
held with the Agency. 

5.3  If the Agency concerned asks for detailed reasons of suspension, the Agency may be 
informed that its conduct is under investigation. It is not necessary to enter into 
correspondence or argument with the Agency at this stage. 

5.4  It is not necessary to give any show-cause notice or personal hearing to the Agency 
before issuing the order of suspension. 

5.5  The format for intimation of suspension of business dealing is placed at Appendix– I 

 

6.0  Ground on which Banning of Business Dealings can be initiated 

6.1 If the security consideration, including questions of loyalty of the Agency to NHPC 
so warrants; 

6.2  If the director /owner of the Agency, proprietor or partner of the firm, is convicted by 
a Court of Law for offences involving moral turpitude in relation to its business 
dealings with the Government or any other public sector enterprises, during the last 
five years; 

 6.3  If the Agency has resorted to Corrupt, Fraudulent, Collusive, Coercive practices 
including misrepresentation of facts and violation of the any provisions of the 
Integrity Pact provided in the Contract. 

6.4  If the Agency uses intimidation/ threatening or brings undue outside pressure on 
NHPC or its official for acceptance/ performances of the job under the contract; 

6.5  If the Agency misuses the premises or facilities of NHPC, forcefully occupies or 
damages the NHPC’s properties including land, water resources, forests / trees or 
tampers with documents/records etc.  

6.6  If the Agency does not fulfill the obligations as required under the Contract and 
Violates terms & conditions of the contract which has serious affect for continuation 
of the Contract. 

6.7 If the work awarded to the agency has been terminated by NHPC due to poor 
performance of the contract in the preceding 5 years. 

6.8 If the Central Vigilance Commission, Central Bureau of Investigation or any other 
Central Government investigation  Agency recommends such a course in respect of 
a case under investigation or improper conduct on agency’s part in matters relating 
to the Company (NHPC) or even otherwise;  



  SECTION‐0 

 

6.9 On any other ground upon which business dealings with the Agency is not in the 
public interest. 

6.10 If business dealings with the Agency have been banned by the Ministry of Power, 
Government of India OR any PSU/ any other authority under the MOP if intimated to 
NHPC or available on MOP Website, the business dealing with such agencies shall 
be banned with immediate effect for future business dealing except banning under 
Integrity Pact without any further investigation. 

(Note: The examples given above are only illustrative and not exhaustive. The Competent 
Authority may decide to ban business dealing for any good and sufficient reason). 

 

7.0  Procedure for Banning of Business Dealings 

7. 1  An Investigating Committee shall be constituted by the authority competent to Ban 
the dealing comprising members from Engineering/Indenting department (convener), 
Finance, Law and Contract . The level of the committee members shall be GM and 
above for works falling in the competency of CMD/ Board of Directors, Chief 
Engineer/ Chief and above for the works falling in the competency of Director/ 
Executive Director and SM/M with at least one member of the level of Chief Engineer/ 
Chief for works falling in the competency of GM and below. 

7.2 The order of Banning of Business Dealings shall be effective throughout NHPC in 
case of work falling in the Competency of CMD/ Board of Directors/Directors, in case 
of falling in the competency of Executive Director throughout Region and in case of 
falling in the competency of HOP and below throughout the Project/Power Station 
and attached liaison office/ units. During the period of Banning of Business Dealings, 
no Business Dealing shall be held with the Agency.  In situation where based upon 
the gravity of the default, it is decided by the competent authority and the Project/ 
Region to extend the banning to Region/wide NHPC approval of regional ED/ 
Concerned Director as the case may be, shall be obtained.  

7.3  The functions of Investigating Committee in each Unit to be appointed by the 
competent authority in line with para 3 (iii) shall, inter-alia include: 

a) To study the report of the department responsible for invitation of bids 
and decide if a prima-facie case for banning exists, if not, send back the case 
to the Competent Authority. 

b) To recommend for issue of show-cause notice (after vetting by legal 
deptt.) to the Agency by the concerned department as per clause 7.4 “Show 
Cause Notice”. 

c) To examine the reply to show-cause notice and call the Agency for 
personal hearing, if required. 

d) To submit final recommendations to the Competent Authority for 
banning or otherwise including the period for which the ban would be 
operative considering the implications for NHPC on account of the act/ 
omission on the part of the agency, intention of the agency as established 
from the circumstances of the case etc. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

 
7.4 Show Cause Notice 

Once the proposal for issuance of Show Cause Notice is approved by the Competent 
Authority, a ‘Show Cause Notice’ (as per format at Appendix-II of these guidelines) 
shall be issued to the delinquent Agency by the Competent Authority or by a person 
authorized by the Competent Authority for the said purpose. The Agency shall be 
asked to submit the reply to the Show Cause Notice within 15 days of its issuance. 
Further, the Agency shall be given an opportunity for Oral hearing to present its case 
in person, if it so desires, and the date for Oral Hearing shall necessarily be indicated 
in the Show Cause Notice. 

The purpose of issuing the Show Cause Notice is only that the Agency concerned 
shall be given an opportunity to explain their stand before any action is taken. The 
grounds on which action is proposed to be taken shall be disclosed to the Agency 
inviting representation and after considering that representation, orders may be 
passed. Such orders require only the satisfaction of the authority that passed the final 
orders.  

If the Agency requests for inspection of any relevant document in possession of 
NHPC, necessary facility for inspection of documents may be provided. 

During the conductance of oral hearing, only the regular duly authorized employees 
of Agency will be permitted to represent the Agency and no outsider shall be allowed 
to represent the Agency on its behalf. 

Reply to the Show Cause Notice given by the Agency and their submissions in oral 
hearing, if any, will be processed by the Committee for obtaining final decision of the 
Competent Authority in the matter.  

In case, no reply to Show Cause Notice is received from the Agency within stipulated 
time, further reminder shall be given with further period of 10 days thereafter if no 
reply is received action for processing ex-parte against the concerned Agency shall 
be initiated.  

 
7.5 Speaking Order 

The speaking order (reasoned order) for banning the business dealing with the 
Agency shall be issued by the Competent Authority or by a person authorized for the 
said purpose.     

The decision regarding banning of business dealings taken after the issue of a Show 
Cause Notice and consideration of representation, if any, in reply thereto, shall be 
communicated to the Agency concerned along with a reasoned order. The fact that 
the representation has been considered shall invariably be mentioned in the 
communication.  Also the fact that if no reply was received to the Show Cause Notice 
shall invariably be indicated in the final communication to the Agency. The format for 
intimation of banning of business dealing is placed at Appendix– III 

 
7.6 Period of banning 



  SECTION‐0 

 

In case banning is processed for violation of provisions of Integrity pact or due to 
corrupt or fraudulent practices, the Competent Authority shall decide on the period of 
banning on case to case basis depending on the gravity of the case and considering 
the implications for NHPC on account of the act/ omission on the part of the Agency, 
intention of the agency as established from the circumstances of the case etc. The 
period of banning shall not be less than 6 months and shall not exceed 2 years and in 
case termination of contract due to poor performance the period of banning shall be 
for 5 years. For contracts awarded to JV/Consortium, a constituent of the JV shall be 
permitted to participate in the bidding process if it has not been banned on grounds of 
its role and responsibility in the tendering process for which the Joint Venture has 
been banned in Past. In case if the Joint Venture which has been banned does not 
indicate the roles and responsibility of individual Partner(s) then, the partner of the 
banned Joint Venture shall only be allowed to participate in the bidding process if its 
participation share is less than 35%.  

In case the information/documents submitted by Agency in competing for the tender 
found to be false/forged then NHPC, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies 
it may possess, shall recover from Agency the cost incurred in carrying out physical 
assessment for establishing veracity of such information/documents. In case Agency 
refuses to reimburse such cost to NHPC then banning period of Agency shall be 
extended by another one year. 

 
7.7 Effect of Banning 

As far as possible, the existing ongoing contract(s) with the Agency may continue 
unless the Competent Authority, having regard to the circumstances of the case, 
decides otherwise, keeping in view contractual and legal issues which may arise 
thereof. In case the existing Contracts are allowed to continue, the 
suspension/Banning of Business Dealing along with default of the Contractor shall be 
recorded in the experience certificate issued for the work. 

The Agency, (after issue of the order of banning of business dealings) would not be 
allowed to participate in any future tender enquiry and if the Agency has already 
participated in tender process as stand-alone OR constituent of joint venture and the 
price bids are not opened, his techno-commercial bid will be rejected and price bid 
will be returned unopened. However, where the price bids of Agency have been 
opened prior to order of banning, bids of Agency shall not be rejected and tendering 
process shall be continued unless Competent Authority having regard to the 
circumstances of the case decides otherwise keeping in view the Contractual, Legal 
issues which may arise thereafter. However, in case the suspension /Banning is due 
to default of an Agency for the provisions under Integrity Pact and the Agency 
happens to be Lowest Bidder (L1), the tendering process shall be annulled and fresh 
tenders shall be invited.  

During the Suspension/ Banning period, if it is found at any stage that Agency 
has participated in tender enquiry under a different name then such Agency would 
immediately be debarred from the tender/contract and its Bid Security/ Performance 
Security would be forfeited. Payment, if any, made shall also be recovered. 

After Suspension/ Banning order, the Suspended/ Banned Agency shall not be 



  SECTION‐0 

 

allowed to participate as Sub-Vendor/ Sub-Contractor in the tenders. 

Further, if the Suspended/ Banned agency is an approved Sub-Vendor under any 
Contract for such equipment/ component/ service, the Main Contractor shall not be 
permitted to place work order/ Purchase order/ Contract on the Suspended/ Banned 
agency as a Sub-Vendor/ Sub-Contractor after the date of Suspension/ Banning even 
though the name of the party has been approved as a Sub-Vendor/ Sub-Contractor 
earlier. 

There would be no bar on procuring the spares and awarding Contracts towards 
Annual Maintenance (AMC)/ O&M/ Repair works on Agencies pertaining to the 
packages for which they have been banned provided the Equipment has been 
supplied by such Agency. 

Banning of business dealing shall not be applicable to the Subsidiary Company of the 
Banned agency provided subsidiary company has not participated on the strength of 
the Banned agency. However, in case of a default by a Sub-Contractor, the banning 
shall be applicable to the Sub-Contractor as well as the Lead Partner of the 
concerned JV or the Sole bidder as the case may be.  

 
7.8 Hosting at NHPC website 

The concerned unit shall forward the name and details of the Agency (ies) banned 
along with period and area of banning to IT&C Division of Corporate Office for 
displaying the same on the NHPC website. 

 

8.0  Appeal against the Decision of the Competent Authority. 

The Agency may file an appeal against the order of the Competent Authority banning 
of business dealing before Appellate Authority. Such an appeal shall be preferred 
within 30 (Thirty) Days from the date of receipt of the order of banning of business 
dealing. Appellate Authority would consider the appeal if convinced may constitute 
another committee for further investigation. Based on the recommendation of the 
committee Appellate Authority shall pass appropriate order which shall be 
communicated to the Agency as well as the Competent Authority (as per format 
enclosed as Appendix-IV with these guidelines). 

 

9.0 Circulation of the names of Agencies with whom Business Dealings have been 
banned 

 The name of the concerned banned agency shall also be shared with MOP and other 
PSU in the sector and all the units of NHPC. 

 The provisions of this policy supersede and will have overriding effect on all earlier 
guidelines, procedures & system issued for the similar purpose.  

 

****************** 

  



  SECTION‐0 

 

Appendix –I 

(Format for Intimation of Suspension of business dealing) 

 

BY REGD. POST/SPEED POST/COURIER 

 

No……….                                                                                             Date……… 

To  

M/s  ……………………… 

Attn.: Shri ……………….. 

 

Sub: Intimation of Suspension of Business Dealings  

 

Dear Sir, 

Whereas the work of …………. was awarded to your firm vide letter of award no …dt….. 
amounting to Rs. …………. OR In response to NHPC NIT (e-tender/ physical tender) no 
………dt…..   you have submitted your bid. (strike out whichever is not applicable ) 

 

Whereas the conduct of your firm in respect of the following is under investigation: 

 

Brief of the default  

 

“Whereas the Competent Authority prima facie considered the allegations (under 
investigation) are of a serious nature and decided  pending investigation, it is not  in the 
interest of the corporation  to continue business dealing with your firm 

 

This order shall have the following effects: 

i) Further business dealings with your firm is Suspended within Region/ Project/ Unit/ 
wide NHPC. The order of Suspension is effective with immediate effect and would 
operate for a period of six months or till the investigation is completed and whole 
process of final order is over within such period. However, if investigations are not 
completed in six months’ time, the Competent Authority may extend the period of 
Suspension  

ii) During the period of Suspension, no business dealing shall be held with your firm. No 
enquiry/ bid / tender shall be issued to your firm nor will the bids submitted by your 
firm be entertained. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

iii) In other cases where tenders have already been issued to you and price bids are yet 
to be opened, the Price Bid submitted by you shall not be opened and BG/ EMD, if 
any, submitted by you shall be returned. 

iv) In other cases where tenders have already been issued to you and Price Bids have 
already been opened , the tendering process shall be continued 

v) In case of ongoing contracts between you & NHPC, (including cases were contract 
has already been awarded before the issue of Suspension order) you will be required 
to continue with the execution and perform as per terms of the contract. 

a) In case the Firm is in Joint Venture the following would also be applicable: 

i) Participation of Agency in Joint Venture 

Tenders in which your firm has been proposed as Joint Venture Partner by 
any of the bidders and price bids have been opened prior to Suspension of 
your firm    in such cases the tendering process shall not be annulled on 
this ground and the Agency shall be permitted to continue as Partner in 
the Joint Venture for such bidding. However where event of Price Bid 
opening has not taken place prior to Suspension/Banning of Agency then 
in such case Agency shall not be permitted to participate as Partner in the 
Joint Venture. 

 
ii)  Banning of joint Venture:  

As the Joint Venture is Banned, your firm intends to bid as  Partner(s) of 
Joint Venture  in bidding process then it shall be permitted to participate in 
the bidding process if it has not been Banned on grounds of its role and 
responsibility in the tendering process for which the Joint Venture has 
been Banned in Past. In case if the Joint Venture which has been Banned 
does not indicate the roles and responsibility of individual Partner(s) then, 
the partner of the Banned Joint Venture shall only be allowed to participate 
in the bidding process if its participation share is less than 35%.  

 

b) Your firm shall not be allowed to participate as Sub-Vendor/Sub-Contractor in 
the tenders. 

Further if your firm is an approved Sub-vendor under any Contract for such 
equipment/ component/ service, the Main Contractor shall not be permitted to 
place work order/ Purchase order/ Contract on your agency as a Sub-Vendor/ 
Sub-Contractor after the date of Suspension/ Banning even though the name of 
the party has been approved as a Sub-Vendor/ Sub-Contractor earlier. 

 

c) There would be no bar on procuring the spares and awarding Contracts towards 
Annual Maintenance (AMC)/ O&M/ Repair works on Agencies pertaining to the 
packages for which they have been Banned provided the Equipment has been 
supplied by such Agency. 

 

d) Banning of business dealing shall not be applicable to the Subsidiary company 



  SECTION‐0 

 

of the Banned agency provided subsidiary company has not participated on the 
strength of the Banned agency.  

 

On expiry of the above period of Suspension/ Banning, you may approach…… 
(Indicate the concerned procurement department), with request for revocation of the 
order mentioning inter-alia the steps taken by you to avoid recurrence of 
misconduct which has led to Suspension. 

 

Yours faithfully, 

 

For & On behalf of NHPC 

Note: Strike out whichever is not applicable 

  



  SECTION‐0 

 

Appendix –II 

 (Format of Show Cause Notice) 

 

BY REGD. POST/SPEED POST/COURIER 
 
 

No………….                                                                                 Date…………. 

 

To  

M/s  …………………………… 

……………………………..………  

Attn.: Shri ……………….. 

 

Sub: Show Cause Notice 

Ref :  

 

Dear Sir, 

You are hereby required to Show Cause in writing within 15 days from the date hereof why 
Business Dealing with your firm should not be banned / your firm is placed in the Banning 
List (as the case may be)   and be debarred from entering into any contracts with NHPC for 
the following reasons: 

 

(Give Reasons) 

 

Your reply (if any) should be supported by documents and documentary evidence which you 
wish to rely in support of your reply. Should you fail to reply to this Show Cause Notice 
within the time and manner aforesaid, it will be presumed that you have nothing to say and 
we shall proceed accordingly. 

Your reply, if any, and the documents/ documentary evidence given in support shall be 
taken into consideration prior to arriving at a decision. 

Yours faithfully, 

 

 

For & On behalf of NHPC 

  



  SECTION‐0 

 

Appendix –III 

(Format for Intimation of Banning of Business Dealing) 

BY REGD. POST/SPEED POST/COURIER 

 

No……….                                                                                                Date……… 

To  

M/s  ……………………… 

Attn.: Shri ……………….. 

 

Sub: Intimation of Banning of Business Dealings  

 

Dear Sir, 

Whereas the work of …………. was awarded to your firm vide letter of award no …dtd….. 
amounting to Rs. …………. OR In response to NHPC NIT (e-tender/ physical tender) no 
………dt.           you have submitted your bid .(strike whichever is not applicable) 

 

Whereas the Competent Authority had prima facie considered the allegations as detailed 
below are of a serious nature and decided to conduct investigation. 

 

Whereas show cause notice vide no … dtd…..was served upon you. (whereas in spite of the 
opportunity given to you, you failed to submit the reply to the show cause notice within the 
time period mentioned there upon or further extended period, if any). Whereas you submitted 
the reply along with documents vide your letter no. ______dt. __________. After considering 
the allegations made in the show cause notice, your reply to the show cause notice 
documents/ documentary evidence in support thereof, it has been decided to Ban the 
Business Dealing with you and you are hereby debarred from entering into contracts with 
NHPC within jurisdiction of Region/Project/Unit. 

 

This order shall have the following effects: 

i) Further business dealings with your firm is banned with immediate effect. The order of 
Banning would operate for a period of _______years/month Competent Authority may 
extend the period of Banning. 

ii) During the period of Banning, no Business Dealing shall be held with your firm. No 
Enquiry/ Bid/ Tender shall be issued to your firm   nor will the bids submitted by your 
firm be entertained. 



  SECTION‐0 

 

iii) In other cases where tenders have already been issued to you and Price Bids are yet 
to be opened, the Price Bid submitted by you shall not be opened and BG/ EMD, if 
any, submitted by you shall be returned. 

iv) In other cases where tenders have already been issued to you and price bids have 
already been opened, the Tendering Process shall be continued. 

 

a) In case of ongoing contracts between you & NHPC, (including cases where 
contract has already been awarded before the issue of Banning order) you will 
be required to continue with the execution and perform as per terms of the 
contract. 

b) In case the Firm is in Joint Venture the following would also be applicable: 
 

i) Participation of Agency in Joint Venture: 

Tenders in which your firm has been proposed as Joint Venture Partner by 
any of the bidders and price bids have been opened prior to Banning of 
your firm    in such cases the tendering process shall not be annulled on 
this ground and the Agency shall be permitted to continue as Partner in 
the Joint Venture for such bidding. However where event of price bid 
opening has not taken place prior to Banning of Agency then in such case 
Agency shall not be permitted to participate as Partner in the Joint 
Venture. 

ii)  Banning of joint Venture:  

As the Joint Venture is banned, your firm intends to bid as  Partner(s) of 
Joint Venture  in bidding process then it shall be permitted to participate in 
the bidding process if it has not been banned on grounds of its role and 
responsibility in the tendering process for which the Joint Venture has 
been banned in Past. In case if the Joint Venture which has been banned 
does not indicate the roles and responsibility of individual Partner(s) then, 
the partner of the banned Joint Venture shall only be allowed to participate 
in the bidding process if its participation share is less than 35%.  

 

c) Your firm shall not be allowed to participate as Sub-Vendor/ Sub-Contractor in 
the tenders. 

Further if  your firm is an approved Sub-vendor under any Contract for such 
equipment/ component/ service, the Main Contractor shall not be permitted to 
place work Order/ Purchase Order/ Contract on your agency as a Sub-Vendor/ 
Sub-Contractor after the date of Banning even though the name of the party has 
been approved as a Sub-Vendor/Sub-Contractor earlier. 

 

d) There would be no bar on procuring the spares and awarding Contracts towards 
Annual Maintenance (AMC)/ O&M/ Repair works on Agencies pertaining to the 
packages for which they have been banned provided the Equipment has been 



  SECTION‐0 

 

supplied by such Agency. 
 

e) Banning of Business Dealing shall not be applicable to the Subsidiary company 
of the Banned Agency provided subsidiary company has not participated on the 
strength of the Banned Agency. However, in case of a default by a Sub-
Contractor, the banning shall be applicable to the Sub-Contractor as well as the 
Lead Partner of the concerned JV or the Sole bidder as the case may be.  

 

On expiry of the above period of Banning, you may approach_____________ (Indicate the 
concerned procurement department), with request for revocation of the order mentioning 
inter-alia the steps taken by you to avoid recurrence of misconduct which has led to 
Banning. 

Further if you desire to appeal against this order you may do so within 30 days from the 
date of issue of this order to the appellate authority as here under: 

 

Appellate Authority: 

Designation:  

Address: 

Ph. no. 

e-mail: 

Yours faithfully, 

 

For & On behalf of NHPC 

Note: Strikeout whichever is not applicable 

 

  



  SECTION‐0 

 

Appendix –IV 

(Format for communication of Appellate Decision on Suspension/Banning Order) 

 

BY REGD. POST/SPEED POST/COURIER 

No……….                 Date……… 

To  

M/s  ……………………… 

Attn.: Shri ……………….. 

 

Sub:  Suspension/ Banning of Business Dealings - Intimation of decision of Appellate 
Authority 

Ref:    1. Order dated ………….. Placing M/s ……… on Suspension/ Banning List by NHPC; 

          2. Your Appeal reference ………. Dt……. 
 

Dear Sir, 

 

This has reference to the order dt……… placing you on Suspension/Banning List and your 
appeal petition reference ….. dt…. on the same. 

After considering the findings of the Original Authority in order and  submissions made by you 
in  your appeal , and the documents/documentary evidences available on record, it has been 
decided finally that: 

 There is no infirmity in the order of the Original Authority, and the allegations stand 
substantiated and the Suspension/ Banning  for the period  of …… years/month from 
the date of order, as ordered by the original Authority is upheld, 

 Considering your submissions, the order of Suspension/Banning  passed by the 
original authority   is  upheld, but with a reduction  in period of Suspension/Banning  for 
……… years/months from the date of order of original authority; 

 Considering your submissions and the evidence available on record, there is enough 
justification to annul the order of the original authority.  

 

(*** Incorporate any one of the above as applicable) 

Yours faithfully, 

 

For & On behalf of NHPC 

 
 

****************** 
 



  SECTION‐0 

 

ANNEXURE-IV OF SECTION-0  

(To be filled and uploaded online) 

 

DETAILS OF PAST EXPERIENCE 

 

Details of works 
Completed in 

previous 7 years 
(in respect of 

clause 2.2.3 of 
ITB) with detailed 

description.    

Supply / 
Work Order 

No. and 
date 

Completion 
Certificate/ 
Installation 
Certificate/ 

Performance 
Report No 
and date 

Value 
of 

Supply 
/ Work 
Order  

Contractual 
date of 

completion 
(Month & 

Year) 

Actual date of
completion 
(Month & 

Year) 

Name and 
complete 

address of 
the 

customer 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 

Date:              
 Signature along with Name & Designation of 
 the Officer Place:    
   

  For & on behalf of M/s………………… 
  Office Seal 

 

 

 

 

 

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

ANNEXURE-V of SECTION-0 

 (to be filled and uploaded online) 

BID PROFORMA 

Sl. No. Description of information         Replies by the bidder 

 

1. Name of the firm    : 

2. Complete address of Regd./Head Office 
i) Postal    : 
ii) Telephone/Fax    : 
iii) E-mail    : 

 

3. Former name of the Firm (if any)   

 

 

 

 

 

MSE Start-Up 

  

4. Type of the firm 
(Proprietary /  Partnership /

 

 Private Ltd. Co. / Public Ltd. Co.)  

5. Whether MSE or Start-Up                     

(tick in the appropriate box)            

 

6. Year and place established  

7. Are you registered with any       
Government/ 
Public Sector  
Undertaking/DGS&D/NSIC 

 

 (if yes, give Details) for 
supply of similar Items / 
Equipments covered under 
the Specifications 

 

8. Have your Company ever been 
declared   Bankrupt                         
: 
(if yes, give details)? 

 

9. 
 

Validity period of tender, reckoned 
from 

 120 days 

10. Whether all technical particulars, 
drawings etc.: are furnished and 
filled in all schedules appended to 
the tender documents. 

 :  



  SECTION‐0 

 

11. Rate of Taxes & Duties as included : 

in Price Bid:  

  i). Supply : 

a) GST  
 

b) Any Other Tax, If any            
 

2) Installation 

a) GST 

b) Any Other Tax, If any 

  
 

HSN/ SAC Code 

 

. 

………… 

….……… 

 

……….. 
……….. 
 

:  (Mention here only %  
    rates    as   applicable)
 

 

 

 

: ..............(%) 

: …………. . (%) 

 

: ..............(%) 
: ..............(%) 

 

12. Goods & Services Tax Identification No.      : 
(GSTIN)  

Station :____ _  

Date     :______  

        For & on behalf of      ___ 
          

Signature           :  ___  

Name      :  ___  __________  

Designation         : _____  ________ 

(of the authorized representative of the bidder)  

 

Official Seal of the Company: 



  SECTION‐0 

 

ANNEXURE-VI OF SECTION-0 

(To be submitted offline as well as uploaded online (scanned copy)) 

 

Bank Guarantee in Lieu of Earnest Money Deposit 

Bank Guarantee 

 

            
 Date:_____________________ 

[Name of Contract] 

 

 

To:   

NHPC Limited  
NHPC Office Complex, 
Sector-33, Faridabad, Haryana-121003 (India) 

 

WHEREAS [name of Bidder] (hereinafter called “the Bidder”) has submitted its Bid dated 
[date of bid] for the performance of the above-named Contract (hereinafter called “the 
Bid”) 
 
KNOW ALL PERSONS by these present that WE [name of bank] of [address of bank] 
(hereinafter called “the Bank”), are bound unto [name of Employer] (hereinafter called 
“the Employer”) in the sum of:  [amount], for which payment well and truly to be made to 
the said Employer, the Bank binds itself, its successors and assigns by these presents. 
 
Sealed with the Common Seal of the said Bank this____day of_________20________ 
  
THE CONDITIONS of this obligation are the following: 
 

(a)   If the Bidder withdraws its bid or varies any terms & conditions, without the 
consent of the Employer, in regard thereto during the period of bid validity 
specified by the Bidder Or 

 
(b)    If the bidder indulges in Corrupt, Fraudulent, Collusive or Coercive 

practice(s) as mentioned in the clause 21.0 of ITB or defaults commitments 
under Integrity Pact (ITB clause no.22.0) Or 

 
(c)    If the successful bidder fails to enter into Contract Agreement when required 

Or 
 



  SECTION‐0 

 

  (d)    In the case of a successful Bidder, if the Bidder fails within the specified time 
limit  to  furnish the required performance security, in accordance with GCC/ 
SCC 

 
WE undertake to pay to the Employer up to the above amount upon receipt of its first 
written demand, without the Employer having to substantiate its demand, provided that 
in its demand the Employer will note that the amount claimed by it is due to it, owing to 
the occurrence of any of above-named Condition/Conditions, and specifying the 
occurred condition or conditions. 
 
The Bank declares that this Bank Guarantee is issued by the Bank, utilizing the credit limit of 
M/s ……………… (name of contractor). 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein above our liability under this Guarantee is 
limited to................. (Rupees ............. only) and our Guarantee shall remain in force 
until........... day of ..........., 201 ............. unless a claim or demand under this Guarantee 
is made on us in writing, on or before ...................., we shall be discharged of all 
liabilities under this Guarantee thereafter. 

 

WITNESS  Signed for and on behalf of the Bank 
 

1. ................................................ 
 (Signature) 

 ............................... 
(Signature) 
 

 ................................................ 
 (Name) 

 ..................................... 
(Name) 
 

 ................................................ 
 (Official Address) 

 ................................................. 
(Designation with Bank Stamp) 
 

2. ................................................ 
 (Signature) 

  
 
Including staff Authority No. with complete 
Bank Address with Tel. Fax Nos. 
…………………………............. 
 

 ............................................... 
 (Name) 
 

  

 ................................................ 
 (Official Address) 
 

  

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

Communication address of the Bank 

Name of the contact person 

Tel. No. 

Fax No. 

Email:  

1.0 Bank Guarantee for Bid Guarantee in original shall be submitted along 
with the bid. However, the issuing bank shall submit an unstamped 
duplicate copy of bank guarantees directly by registered post (AD) to 
Employer (authority inviting tenders) along with a forwarding letter. 

2.0 The following information should be invariable mentioned on the back side 
of the bank Guarantee: 

*  Vendor’s stamp with full details i.e. name of the Employer in whose favour 
this stamp paper has been purchased. 

Note:- The stamp papers of appropriate value shall be purchased in the name of 
Bank issuing guarantee                                                       

  



  SECTION‐0 

 

ANNEXURE-VII of SECTION-0 

 (To be filled and uploaded online) 

 

Format for obtaining declaration regarding applicability of Micro, Small & 
Medium Enterprise under MSMED Act, 2006 

 

To, 

_________ 

_________ 

_________ 

 

Subject: Declaration as regard to applicability of Micro, Small & Medium 
Enterprise Development Act, 2006 

 

Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 has been introduced 
w.e.f. 02.10.2006. Following are the relevant provisions of the Act as regard to 
registration of enterprise:- 

 

8 (1) Any person who intends to establish,- 

a)    a micro or small enterprise, may, at his discretion; or 

b)   a medium enterprise engaged in providing or rendering of services may, at 
his discretion; or 

c)   a medium enterprise engaged in the manufacture or production of goods 
pertaining to any industry specified in the First Schedule to the Industries 
(Development and Regulation) Act, 1951,  

 
shall file the memorandum of micro, small or, as the case may be, of medium 
enterprise with such authority as may be specified by the State Government 
under sub-section (4) or the Central Government under sub-section (3): 

 
 Provided that any person who, before the commencement of this Act, established- 

a) a small scale industry and obtained a registration certificate, may, at his 
discretion; and 

b) an industry engaged in the manufacture or production of goods pertaining 
to any industry specified in the First Schedule to the Industries 
(Development and Regulation) Act, 1951, having investment in plant and 
machinery of more than one crore rupees but not exceeding ten crore 



  SECTION‐0 

 

rupees and, in pursuance of the notification of the Government of India in 
the erstwhile Ministry of Industry (Department of Industrial Development) 
number S.O.477(E), dated the 25 TH July, 1991 file an Industrial 
Entrepreneurs' Memorandum,  

 
shall within one hundred and eighty days from the commencement of this Act, file 
the memorandum, in accordance with the provisions of this Act. 

 
2.0 Authority as referred to in aforesaid section is the General Manager, District 

Industries Centre/District Level Officer in Directorate dealing with such 
enterprises of State Government. 

 
3.0 The definition of the enterprises as specified by the Act is as follows:- 

Type of Enterprise Manufacturing Industry*-
Investment in Plant & 
Machinery 

Service Industry- Investment 
in equipments 

Micro Enterprise Not exceeding Rs. 25 Lakh Not exceeding Rs. 10 Lakh 

Small Enterprise More than Rs. 25 Lakh & 
upto Rs. 5 Crore 

More than Rs. 10 Lakh & upto 
Rs. 2 Crore 

Medium 
Enterprise 

More than Rs. 5 Crore & upto 
Rs. 10 Crore 

More than Rs. 2 Crore & upto 
Rs. 5 Crore 

*engaged in the manufacture or production of goods, in any manner, pertaining to 
any industry specified in the First Schedule to the Industries (Development and 
Regulation) Act, 1951. 

 
4.0 As such, it is requested to provide the confirmation as regard to applicability of 

Micro, Small & Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006 to your firm by 
submitting the declaration/undertaking by ________ (date to be mentioned for 
obtaining declaration from existing suppliers/service providers):- 

 

 
(Authorized Representative of  

Concerned Contract & Procurement Division) 

 

  



  SECTION‐0 

 

Declaration/Undertaking 

 

A) I/We confirm that the provisions of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprise are 
applicable/not applicable to us and our organization falls under the definition of: 

 

(i) [   ]- Micro Enterprise  

(ii) [   ]- Small Enterprise 

(iii) [   ]- Medium Enterprise 

 

Please tick in the appropriate option box [  ] and attach documents/certificate, if any. 

 

B)  I/We also confirm that We are MSEs owned by SC/ST/Women Entrepreneurs 
(Strike out if not applicable) 

 

C) I/We also undertake to inform the change in this status as aforesaid during the 
currency of the contract, if any. 

 

(Authorized Representative of Firm) 



  SECTION‐0 

 

ANNEXURE-VIII of SECTION-0 

 (to be filled and uploaded online) 

ECS - Form 

 

NHPC Limited 

ELECTRONIC CLEARING SERVICE (CREDIT CLEARING)  

(PAYMENT TO PARTIES THROUGH CREDIT CLEARING MECHANISM)  

 

No. : 

1. BIDDER’S NAME   : __________________________________  
 

a) ADDRESS    : __________________________________ 

 __________________________________ 

___________________________________ 
 

b) Phone/ Mobile No.   : ___________________________________ 

 

2. PARTICULARS OF BANK ACCOUNT :  
 

a) BANK NAME    : ___________________________________ 

b) BRANCH NAME    : ___________________________________ 

c) ADDRESS     : ___________________________________ 

Telephone No.    : ___________________________________ 

 

d) IFSC CODE OF THE BANK   : 

 (For payment through RTGS) 

 

e) ACCOUNT TYPE    :  

(S.B. Account/ Current Account or/  
Cash Credit with code 10/11/13)  

f) ACCOUNT NUMBER   : ___________________________________ 

(As appearing on the Cheque Book)   

 

 

 

           

 

 

 



  SECTION‐0 

 

I hereby declare that the particulars given above are correct and complete. If the 
transaction is delayed or not effected at all for reasons of incomplete of incorrect 
Information, I would not hold the user Company responsible.  

    (---------------------------)  

Date :             Signature of the Bidder  

 

Certified that the particulars furnished above are correct as per our records.  

 

(Bank’s Stamp)  

               (---------------------------)  

Date:                Signature of the Authorized  

             Official from the Bank  



 

 
 

ANNEXURE-IX of SECTION-0 

(To be submitted offline as well as uploaded online (scanned copy)) 

 

 

(Format for declaration by the Bidder) 

 

“Self-Declaration by the Bidder” 

 

I/ We, M/s ----------------------------------------------------- (Name of Bidder) hereby certify 
that I/We have not been banned/ de-listed/ black listed/ debarred from business on 
the grounds mentioned in para 6 of Guidelines on Banning of Business dealings 
(Annex-A) to Integrity Pact, ITB Clause 22.0 of Tender Document. 

 

I/ We, M/s _____________________________ (Name of Bidder) hereby further 
certify that I/We have not been declared ineligible in accordance with para 6 of 
Guidelines on Banning of Business Dealings. 

 

 

 

(Seal & Signature of Bidder) 

 

Note: This ‘Declaration’ should be on the letter head of Bidder. 

  



 

 
 

ANNEXURE-X OF SECTION-0 

 (To be filled and uploaded online) 

 

 

NO DEVIATION CERTIFICATE  

 

This is to certify that our offer is exactly in line with your tender specification 
document no. ________ dated ____. This is to expressly certify that our offer 
contains no deviation either Technical or Commercial in either direct or indirect form. 

 

 

Signed By: 

                                                                                                                                    

 

 

Name  : _______________________________________________ 

 

Designation : _______________________________________________ 

 

 Organization: ______________________________________________ 

 

 Date & Place: ______________________________________________ 

 

 Phone/ Fax/Mobile/ Email: ___________________________________ 

 

 Stamp & Seal: _____________________________________________ 

 

 

 

Note: This ‘No Deviation Certificate’ should be on the letter head of Bidder. 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 

ANNEXURE-XI  OF SECTION-0 

   (To be filled and uploaded online) 

Undertaking by Bidder towards Anti-profiteering Clause of GST Act I Rules 

 
(To be submitted on letter head) 
 

To, 
 
M/s NHPC Ltd. 
……………….. 
 
 
Sub.:  Tender no. ..... . ................ 
 

Dear Sir, 

We, M/s .. ...... .......... .. .... .. .. (Name of Bidder) have submitted bid dt......... .for the 
aforesaid  tender . 

Section 171 of CGST Act. /SGST Act stipulates that it is mandatory to pass on the 
benefit of reduction in rate of tax on supply of Goods or Services or availability of Input 
Tax Credit, by way of commensurate reduction in prices. 

Accordingly, it is certified that we have duly considered the impact of Input Tax Credit 
available on supplies in the GST regime, in our quoted prices. Further, any additional 
benefit of lTC if available to bidder shall be passed on to the Employer. 

Further, we hereby confirm that our quoted prices are duly considering maximum 
possible benefit available and are in compliance with the aforesaid Section 171 of 
CGST Act / IGST Act. 

Further, if any refund on account of GST is received from the Government in future by 
the Contractor / Supplier under any GST Refund / Exemption or Subsidy Scheme, the 
same shall also be passed on to the Employer. 

In case this declaration is found faulty in any manner, we shall be fully responsible for 
the consequential effect including making good of any losses of interest etc. to NHPC 
Ltd. 

 

Place:      [Signature of Authorized Signatory of 
Bidder]  

Date:      Name: 

      Designation: 

      Seal: 

 



          
 
 

SECTION‐I 

 

GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 

 

INDEX 

Sr. No.   Description                                                                           

 

1.  Definition of Terms …………………………………………………..................  

2.  Contractor To Inform Himself Fully……………………………………………  

3.  Agreement …………………………………………………...…………………..  

4.  Performance Guarantee ………………………………………........................  

5.  Contract Drawings ……………………………………………………………….  

6.  Mistake In Drawing ………………………………………………......................  

7.  Subletting Of Contract …………………………………………………………..  

8.  Patent Rights ……………………………………………………………………..  

9.  Materials And Workmanship ……………………………………......................  

10.  Inter Changeability ……………………………………………………………….  

11.  Packing And Marking ……………………………………………………….…...  

12.  Fencing And Lighting For Works ………………………………………….……  

13.  Power To Vary Or Omit Work ………………………………………….……….  

14.  Negligence ………………………………………………………………….........  

15.  Compliance With Regulations …………………………..................................  

16.  Death, Insolvency And Breach Of Contract …………………………………..  

17.  Date Of Completion ……………………………………………………………..  

18.  Delay In Supply / Erection ………………………………………………………  

19.  Management Meetings ………………………………………………………….  

20.  Early Warning …………………………………………………………………….  

21.  Cash Flow Forecast ………….......................................................................  

22.  Extension of Time for Completion ……………………………………………..  

23.  Suspension ……………………………………………………………………….  

24.  Use Of Roads ………………………………………………………………….…  

25.  Wastage Of Materials …………………………………………………………...  

26.  Surplus Materials …………………………………………………………….…..  

27.  Safety Of Staff And Labourers …………………………………………….……  

28.  Progress Report ………………………………………………………….………  



          
 
 

SECTION‐I 

 

29.  Deviations From Specification ……………………………………………….....  

30.  Responsibility Of The Contractor ………………………………………………  

31.  Training Of Purchaser’s Staff …………………………………………………..  

32.  Inspection And Testing ………………………………………………………….  

33.  Delivery Of Plant …………………………………………………………………  

34.  Work On Site ……………………………………………………………………..  

35.  Engineer’s Supervision ………………………………………………………….  

36.  Engineer In-Charge’s Decision ………………………………………………..  

37.  Contractor’s Representative And Workmen …………………………………..  

38.  Liability For Accidents And Damages ………………………………………….  

39.  Insurance …………………………………………………………………………  

40.  Replacement Of Defective Work Or Material …………………………………  

41.  Terms Of Payment ………………………………………………………………  

42.  Deductions From Contract Prices ……………………………………………...  

43.  Final Bill …………………………………………………………………………...  

44.  Payment upon Termination ……………………………………………………..  

45.  Permits And Visas ……………………………………………………………….  

46.  Regulations Of Local Authorities ……………………………………………….  

47.  Due Date Of Payments ………………………………………………………….  

48.  Test On Completion ……………………………………………………………..  

49.  Rejection Of Defective Plants/Works ………………………………………….  

50.  Taking Over ………………………………………………………………………  

51.  Warranty …………………………………………………………………………..  

52.  Force Majeaure …………………………………………………………………..  

53.  Settlement Of Disputes ………………………………………………………….  

54.  Court Of Competent Jurisdiction ……………………………………………….  

55.  Construction Of Contract ………………………………………………………..  

56.  Breach Of Contract ………………………………………………………………  

57.  Marginal Notes And Captions …………………………………………………..  

58.  Address Of The Contractor And Notices And ………………………………...

Communications On Behalf Of The Purchaser  

 

59.  Contract Document And Matters To Be Treated ……………………………..

As Confidential 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
 

1.0 DEFINITION OF TERMS 
  

1.1 In the Contract, the following expression shall, unless the Contract otherwise 
requires, have the meanings assigned to them. 

i) ‘Approval’ shall mean the written approval of the Engineer and or the statutory 
authorities wherever such authorities are specified by any code or otherwise. 

ii) ‘Commercial use’ shall mean the use of the work, which the Contract 
contemplates or of which it is commercially capable of. 

iii) ‘Commissioning’ shall mean the satisfactory operation of the equipment/work as 
specified, after all necessary initial tests, checks and adjustments required at site, 
if any, have been satisfactorily completed and the equipment/works have been in 
continuous and uninterrupted commercial use for not less than 30 days. 

iv) The ‘Consulting Engineer’ means the firm or the person as may be duly 
appointed by the Purchaser to act as consulting engineer for the purpose of the 
work covered in the Contract. 

v) The ‘Contract’ shall mean and include the bid and its acceptance thereof, the 
General Conditions, Special Conditions, specifications, schedules, drawings, 
Form of Bid, covering letter, schedules of prices and the formal Agreement 
executed on the stamped paper or on the plain paper. 

vi) The ‘Contractor’ shall mean the bidder whose bid has been accepted by the 
Purchaser and shall include the bidder’s heir, legal representatives, successors 
and permitted assigns. 

vii) The ‘Contract Price’ shall mean the sum arrived at by multiplying the 
quantity(ies) with the rate(s) in the ‘Bill of Quantity’ given in / annexed to the 
Contract, subject to such additions and adjustments thereto or deductions there 
from, as may be made pursuant to the Contract. 

viii) The ‘Delivery of Plant/Equipment’ shall be deemed to take place on delivery of 
the Plant/Equipment to 

i) the Purchaser at his premises; or 

ii) where so provided the interim Purchaser at his premises; or 

iii) a carrier or other person named in the Contract as an interim Purchaser 
for the purpose of transmission to the Purchaser. 

iv) the destination station in case of Contract stipulating delivery of stores at 
destination station. 

ix) The ‘Engineer’ shall mean the officer placing the order for the work to the 
Contractor and such other officer as may be authorized and appointed in writing 
by the Purchaser to act as Engineer for the purpose of the Contract and in case 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

no such officer has been so appointed, the Purchaser or his duly authorized 
representative. 

x) The ‘Engineer In-Charge’ means the person appointed by the Corporation in the 
manner provided hereof and named as such in SCC to perform duties delegated 
by the Corporation. The Engineer In-Charge shall represent and act for & on 
behalf of the Purchaser at all times during the currency of the Contract. All 
notices, instructions, orders, certificates, approvals and all other communications 
under the Contract shall be given by the Engineer In-Charge, except as herein 
otherwise provided. All notices, instructions, information and other 
communications given by the Contractor to the Purchaser under the Contract 
shall be given to the Engineer In-Charge, except as herein otherwise provided. 

xi) The ‘Inspector’ shall mean any person or persons nominated by the Purchaser 
and/or the Engineer to inspect stores or works under the agreement and/or his 
duly authorised representative appointed to act as the Inspector. 

xii) ‘Letter of Award’ shall mean the Purchaser’s letter conveying his acceptance of 
the bid, subject to such reservations as may have been stated therein. 

xiii) ‘Month’ shall mean English calendar month. 

xiv) Words imparting ‘person’ shall include Firms, Companies, Corporations and 
other bodies whether incorporated or not. 

xv) ‘Plant’, ‘Equipment’, ‘Material’, ‘Work’, or ‘Works’ shall mean respectively the 
plant, equipment and material to be provided and work or works to be done by 
the Contractor under the Contract. 

xvi) The ‘Purchaser’ or the ‘Employer’ or the ‘Owner’ or the ‘Corporation’ shall 
mean the NHPC Ltd., Sector-33, Faridabad, Haryana-121003 and shall include 
its successors and permitted assigns. 

xvii) Words imparting the ‘Singular only’ shall also include the plural and vice versa, 
where the Contract so requires. 

xviii) The ‘Site’ shall mean the land/and or other places on, into or through which the 
work is to be executed under the Contract or any adjacent land, path or street 
through which work is to be executed under the Contract or any adjacent land, 
path or street which may be allotted or used for the purpose of carrying out the 
Contract. 

xix) The ‘Specification’ shall mean the specification as per the Contract or bid, as the 
case may be, and the schedules thereto (if any) and subsequent amendments 
mutually agreed upon in writing. 

xx) The ‘Subcontractor’ shall mean the person, firm/ Company named in the 
Contract for any part of the work or any person, to whom any part of the Contract 
has been sublet with the consent in writing of the Engineer In-Charge, and the 
heirs, legal representatives, permitted successors and assigns of such persons. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

xxi) The terms used under “Technical Specification and Acceptance Test” shall 
have the meaning given to them in relevant issue of the Bureau of Indian 
Standards or their approved equals applicable on the date of Letter of Award. 

xxii) ‘Tests on completion’ shall mean such tests, as are prescribed in specification, 
to be carried out by the Contractor to the satisfaction of the Engineer In-Charge 
before the work is taken over by the Engineer In-Charge. 

xxiii) ‘Writing’ shall include any manuscript, typewritten or printed, statements, under 
or over signature or seal as the case may be. 

xxiv) The expression ‘Works’ or ‘Work’ shall unless be something either in the subject 
or context repugnant to such construction, be construed and taken to mean the 
works by or virtue of the Contract constructed to be executed whether temporary 
or permanent and whether original, altered, substituted or addition. 

xxv) ‘Terms and Expression not herein defined shall have the same meaning as 
assigned to them in the Indian Sales of Goods Act 1930, failing that in the Indian 
Contract Act, 1872 and failing that in the General Clauses Act 1897 or any such 
Act as the case may be. 

 

2.0 CONTRACTOR TO INFORM HIMSELF FULLY  

2.1 The Contractor shall be deemed to have carefully examined the General 
Conditions, Specifications, schedules and the drawings and also to have satisfied 
himself as to nature and character of the work to be executed and, where 
necessary, of the site conditions and other relevant matters and details.  Any 
information thus had or otherwise obtained from the Purchaser and or the 
Engineer shall not in any way relieve the Contractor of his responsibility for 
supplying the Plant and Material and for executing the Work, as may be 
applicable, in terms of the Contract, including all details and incidental works and 
supply of all accessories though not mentioned in the Contract but necessary for 
ensuring complete erection and safe efficient working of the Plant and 
Equipment.  If he shall have any doubt as to the meaning of any portion of the 
Contract, he shall, before signing it, set forth the particulars thereof and submit 
them to the Engineer in writing in order that such doubt may be removed. 

 

3.0 AGREEMENT 

3.1 After issue of the Letter of Intent / Award, the Purchaser shall prepare the 
Agreement on the stamp paper on the Form enclosed as Annexure I for Supply & 
Erection contracts and the parties shall sign the said Agreement within 30 Days 
from the date of issue of Letter of Intent / Award. The expenses of completing 
and stamping the agreement shall be borne by the Contractor. The Contractor 
shall furnish 3 sets of such Contract Agreements to the Purchaser. After the 
Agreement, one original set shall be handed over to the Contractor and the 
remaining two sets shall be retained by the Purchaser. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

3.2 After the bid has been accepted by the Purchaser, all orders or instructions to the 
Contractor shall, except as herein otherwise provided, be given by the Engineer 
In-Charge or his authorised representative, in writing, on behalf of the Purchaser. 
 

4.0 PERFORMANCE GUARANTEE 

4.1 Within 28 days after receipt of notification of award, the Contractor shall furnish to 
the Engineer In-Charge a bank guarantee from an Indian Nationalised Bank or 
State Bank of India or any Scheduled Bank in India on the Form enclosed as 
Annexure II to these General Conditions for an amount equal to (10) ten percent 
of the Contract Price by way of guarantee for the due and faithful performance of 
the Contract along with the other terms and conditions agreed to. If the Contract 
Price increases or decreases due to variations as mentioned in Clause 13.1 to 
13.5 of the General Conditions of the Contract, the amount of Performance Bank 
Guarantee shall remain unaltered until the amount of such variations does not 
exceed 20% of the originally awarded Contract Price. Once the amount of 
variations as above, exceeds 20% of the originally awarded Contract Price, the 
amount of the PBG shall be increased or decreased by an amount equal to 10% 
(ten percent) of the amount of variations so ordered with reference to the 
originally awarded Contract Price so that the total amount of PBG shall remain as 
10% of the revised Contract Price (i.e. original Contract Price plus variations). 
The Performance guarantee shall be valid 3 (three) months beyond the warranty 
period as per Clause No. 51.1 to 51.4 of these General Conditions of Contract.  
Subject to the requirement of variations exceeding 20% of the original Contract 
Sum as specified above, the Contractor shall, at his own cost, furnish within one 
month from the date of issue of change orders for the variations, amended / 
revised /additional Bank Guarantee, required due to variations in the Contract 
price, and also get the validity period of bank guarantee furnished by him, 
extended from time to time till the completion of warranty period as per the 
provisions of the Contract.  The Contractor shall furnish extended / revised bank 
guarantee to the Purchaser one month before the expiry date of the original bank 
guarantee or any extension thereof. In case the extended / revised Bank 
Guarantee is not received by the Purchaser with in the specified period of one 
month, the Purchaser entirely at his discretion shall be at liberty to encash the 
aforesaid bank guarantee.  

4.2 On due completion and commissioning of work in all respect and on expiry of the 
warranty period as per clause 51.1 to 51.4 of these General Conditions, the bank 
guarantee shall be returned to the contractor without any interest on presentation 
of an absolute “No Demand Certificate” from the Purchaser and upon the return, 
in good conditions, of any Specifications, Drawings, tools or tackles or any other 
property belonging to the Purchaser which may have been issued to the 
Contractor. Provided always that the Purchaser shall be entitled to retain, set off, 
deduct or adjust any claim against the Contractor from the money deposited with 
or becoming payable by the Purchaser. 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

5.0 CONTRACT DRAWINGS 

5.1 The Contractor shall submit, in triplicate, to the Engineer In-Charge for his 
approval of General Arrangement and drawings, such detailed drawings as 
specified in the Contract or otherwise reasonably necessary. 

5.2 Within 30 days of the receipt of such drawing, the Engineer In-Charge shall 
signify his approval to the Contractor and in the event of his disapproving the 
drawings; the Contractor shall submit fresh/ amended drawings as per 
requirement of the Purchaser for his approval. 

5.3 No extension in contractual delivery time shall be allowed on account of the time 
consumed in submission and examination of the defective drawings and 
resubmission of the corrected drawings. 

5.4 Within a reasonable period of the notification by the Engineer In-Charge to the 
Contractor of his approval of such drawing, one set of drawings in ink and three 
sets of blue prints of the drawings as approved shall be supplied by the 
Contractor and shall be deemed to be the Contract drawings. 

5.5 These drawings when so signed shall become the property of the Purchaser and 
be deposited with the Engineer In-Charge and shall not be deviated from in any 
way whatsoever, except with the written permission of the Engineer In-Charge as 
hereinafter provided.  During the execution of the works, one set of drawings 
shall be available for reference on the site also. 

5.6 In the event of the Contractor desiring to possess a signed set of drawings he 
shall supply four sets instead of three sets, and in that case, the Engineer In-
Charge shall sign the fourth set and return the same to the Contractor. 

5.7 The Contractor, if required by the Engineer In-Charge, shall supply additional 
copies of any drawings, which may reasonably be required for the purpose of the 
Contract. 

5.8 The Engineer In-Charge or his duly authorised representative whose name shall 
have previously been communicated in writing to the Contractor shall have the 
right at all reasonable times to inspect the goods under manufacture at the 
factory / works of the Contractor during the currency of the Contract. 

5.9 Any bid, drawings, technical data or correspondence which form the basis of an 
order or a Contract as aforesaid, or which may be furnished by the Contractor for 
the Purchaser’s approval, or information as provided under the said order or 
Contract, shall be in English and if it is in any other language, a complete 
translation in English shall be duly furnished. 

6.0 MISTAKE IN DRAWING  

6.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for and shall pay the cost for alternations of 
the work due to any such discrepancies, errors and omissions in the drawings or 
other particulars supplied by him whether such drawings or particulars have been 
approved by the Engineer In-Charge or not, provided that if such discrepancies, 
errors, or omissions are due to inaccurate information or particulars furnished to 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

the Contractor by the Purchaser, any alternations in the work necessitated by 
reasons of such inaccurate information or particulars shall be paid for by the 
Purchaser.  

6.2 If any dimension figured upon a drawing or a plan differ from that obtained by 
scaling the drawings or plan, the dimension as figured in the drawing or plan shall 
be taken as correct. 
 

7.0 SUBLETTING OF CONTRACT 

7.1 The Contractor shall not, without the prior consent in writing of the Engineer In-
Charge or Purchaser, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, assign or sublet 
or transfer his Contract, or substantial part thereof other than for raw materials, 
for minor details, or for any part of the work, of which the suppliers and or 
erectors are named in the Contract, provided that any such consent shall not 
relieve the Contractor from any obligation, duty or responsibility under the 
Contract. 

 

8.0 PATENT RIGHTS 

8.1 In the event of any claim or demand being made or action being brought against 
the Purchaser for infringement or alleged infringement of patent rights in respect 
of any machine, plant, work or thing used or supplied as may be applicable in 
terms of the Contract, by the Contractor, under this Contract, or in respect of any 
method of using or working by the Purchaser of such machine, plant, work or 
thing, the Contractor shall indemnify the Purchaser from and against such claim 
or demand and all costs and expenses arising from or incurred by reasons of 
such claim whatsoever or demand.  The Purchaser shall notify the Contractor 
immediately any claim is made and that the Contractor shall be at liberty if he so 
desires with the assistance of the Purchaser, if required, but at the Contractor’s 
own expenses, to conduct all negotiations for the settlement of the same or any 
litigation that may arise there from and PROVIDED THAT no such machine, plant 
work or thing, as aforesaid, shall be used by the Purchaser for any purpose in 
any manner other than that for which they have been supplied and/or the works 
executed by the Contractor as specified under the Contract. 

 

9.0 MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP 

9.1 All plants, materials, etc., as may be required to be supplied and/or used and all 
such work to be executed by the Contractor in terms of the Contract and as per 
the specification, shall be of the best quality and workmanship, capable of 
satisfactory operation under the operating and atmospheric conditions as may be 
specified in the Contract.  Unless otherwise specified they shall conform in all 
respects to the requirements of the latest edition of the relevant Indian Standard 
specifications on that behalf.  

9.2 Contractor may offer equipments, materials etc., as aforesaid, manufactured in 
accordance with other well recognized standards but shall, in that case, supply a 
copy in English language of the standard specifications adopted by them and 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

shall clearly mention in what respect such standard specifications differ from 
corresponding Indian Standard Specifications. These should comply with one 
consistent set of standards only as far as possible. 

9.3 All materials shall be erected after being approved and passed by the Engineer 
In-Charge. The erection shall be done according to the best practices being 
followed with the best erection equipments and tools, so as to give satisfactory 
results. The dimensions shown on the drawings shall be adhered to strictly and 
work performed to the satisfaction of the Engineer In-Charge. The Contractor 
shall guarantee all workmanship executed by him to be free from defects 
whatsoever. 
 

10.0 INTERCHANGEABILITY 

10.1 All parts shall be made accurately to standard gauges so as to facilitate 
replacement and repairs. All corresponding parts of similar material shall be 
interchangeable. 

 

11.0 PACKING AND MARKING 

11.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for securely protecting and packing the plant, 
materials, etc., as may be required to be supplied by the Contractor in terms of 
the Contract, as per prescribed standards in force to withstand the journey and 
ensuring the safety of materials and also arrival of the same at destination in 
original condition and good for contemplated use so as to avoid damage under 
normal conditions of transport and to comply with such other conditions as 
specified in the Contract. 

11.2 Each bundle or package shall have the following marking on it:- 

a) The name and address of the consignee. 

b) Destination. 

c) The relevant marks, reference numbers etc. for easy identification. 

11.3 Each package shall also be accompanied with detailed packing lists to facilitate 
checking up of the contents at the destination. 
 

12.0 FENCING AND LIGHTING FOR WORKS 

12.1 The Contractor shall at all times, provide sufficient fencing, notice boards, lights 
and watchmen to protect and guard the work. In case, the Contractor fails to 
make such provision or any provision made by him is considered by the 
Purchaser to be inadequate, the Purchaser may make such provision or further 
provisions, as he may consider necessary and charge the cost thereof to the 
Contractor. 

12.2 If during, the period of erection, the Contractor or his workmen or servants shall 
injure or destroy any part of a building or other structure contiguous to the work in 
progress or if any damage shall be caused by any cause whatsoever to other 
works whether in progress or completed forming part of the work, for which the 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

plant is being installed, or if any imperfections become apparent in these works 
the cause of which imperfection are attributable to the Contractor or his workmen 
or servants, the Contractor shall make good such damages and imperfections 
and if he fails to do so within a reasonable time, the Purchaser may cause the 
same to be made good and may deduct the cost thereof from any sum that may 
be due on them or at any time thereafter become due to the Contractor or from 
his Performance Guarantee or the proceeds of sale thereof or of a sufficient 
portion thereof may recover otherwise. 
 

13.0 POWER TO VARY OR OMIT WORK 

13.1 No alternations, amendments omissions, additions, substitutions, or variations of 
the work (hereinafter referred to as ‘Variations’) under the Contract shall be made 
by the Contractor except those directed in writing by the Engineer In-Charge, but 
the Engineer In-Charge shall have full power subject to the provisions hereinafter 
contained, from time to time during the execution of the Contract by giving notice 
in writing, to instruct the Contractor to make such variation, provided the variation 
so ordered / instructed shall not result in change of the scope of the Contract and 
the Contractor shall carry out such variations, and be bound by the same 
conditions as if the said variations occurred in the Contract. 

13.2 If any suggested variation would in the opinion of the Contractor, if carried out, 
prevent him from fulfilling any of his obligations or guarantees under the Contract 
he shall notify the Engineer In-Charge thereof in writing, and the Engineer In-
Charge shall decide forthwith whether or not the same shall be carried out, and if 
the Engineer In-Charge confirms his instruction, the Contractor’s obligations and 
guarantees shall be modified to such an extent as may be justified.  The 
decisions of the Engineer In-Charge in this regard shall be final and binding. 

13.3 The difference in cost, if any occasioned by such variations, shall be added to or 
deducted from the Contract Price as the case may be.  The amount of such 
difference, if any, shall be ascertained and determined in accordance with the 
rates specified in the Agreement. 

 In case such rates are not available in the Agreement, they shall be settled 
mutually by the Engineer In-Charge and Contractor.  Even if there is 
disagreement regarding the rates to be paid, the Contractor shall carry out the 
work inclusive of the variations and the matter in difference.  Provided that in 
case no final settlement is arrived for such rates, then such disagreement shall 
be settled as per clause 53.1 to 53.4 of General Conditions of Contract.  

13.4 In the event of the Engineer In-Charge requiring any variations, such reasonable 
and proper notice shall be given to the Contractor to enable him to make his 
arrangements.  Accordingly, in cases where goods or materials are already 
prepared/procured, or any designs, drawings or patterns made or work done that 
require to be altered, a reasonable sum in respect thereof shall be allowed by the 
Engineer In-Charge. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

13.5 In every case in which the Contractor shall receive instructions from the Engineer 
In-Charge for carrying out such work which, either then or later, will be in the 
opinion of the Contractor, involve a claim for additional payment, the Contractor 
shall, as soon as reasonably possible (but not later than 30 days) after the receipt 
of such instructions, inform the Engineer In-Charge of such claim for additional 
payment. 
 

14.0 NEGLIGENCE 

14.1 If the Contractor neglect to manufacture plant & equipments or execute the work 
in terms of the Contract as the case may be, with due diligence and expectation, 
or refuse or neglect to comply with any reasonable orders given to him in writing 
by the Engineer In-Charge in connection with the work, or contravene any 
provisions of Contract, the Purchaser may give seven days notice in writing to the 
Contractor to make good the failure, neglect or contravention complained of 
within reasonable time as specified by Engineer In-Charge. If the Contractor fail 
to comply with the notice and in the event of failure, neglect, or contravention 
capable of being made good within that time, then and in such a case the 
Purchaser shall forthwith perform such work as the Contractor may have 
neglected to do, or if the Purchaser shall think fit, it shall be lawful for him to take 
the work wholly, or in part, out of the Contractor’s hands and give it to another 
person(s) or Contractor at a reasonable price or provide any other materials, 
tools, tackle, or labour for the purpose of completing the work, or any part thereof, 
and in that event the Purchaser shall, without being responsible to the Contractor 
for fair wear and tear of the same, have the free use of all the materials, tools, 
tackles, or other things which may be on the site, for use at any time in 
connection with the work, to the exclusion of any right of the Contractor over the 
same, and the Purchaser shall be entitled to retain and apply any balance which 
may be otherwise due on the Contract by him to the Contractor or such part 
thereof as may be necessary, to the payment of the cost of executing such work 
as aforesaid. 

14.2 If the cost of executing the work, as aforesaid, shall exceed the balance due to 
the Contractor and Contractor fails to make good the deficiency, it shall be lawful 
for the Purchaser to make good such deficiency in the manner it may deem fit in 
terms of the Contract and the Purchaser may recover it from the Contractor in 
any lawful manner or the Purchaser may sell the said materials, tools, tackles, or 
things belonging to the Contractor and the proceeds of such sale shall be applied 
towards the payment of such deficiency and the cost of any incidental to such 
sale and any balance remaining after crediting the same shall be paid to the 
Contractor on the certificate of the Engineer In-Charge, provided that when all 
expenses, cost and charges incurred on the completion of the work are paid by 
the Contractor, all such materials, tools tackle or other things remaining  unsold 
shall be removed by the Contractor. 

 
 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

15.0 COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS 

15.1 The Contractor shall comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, codes, 
approved standards, rules and regulations and shall procure all necessary 
municipal and government permits, licenses etc. at his own cost.  The Contractor 
shall keep the Purchaser and Engineer In-Charge harmless as a result of any 
infractions thereof. 

15.2 Unless otherwise specified, all works to the extent applicable shall be carried out 
in accordance with The Electricity Act, 2003 & relevant rules thereof, or any 
amendment thereto which may be notified during the currency of the Contract 
and the requirement of any other Rules, Regulation and Acts in India to which the 
Purchaser may be subjected to. 
 

16.0 DEATH, INSOLVENCY AND BREACH OF CONTRACT 
 

16.1 The Purchaser may at any time, by giving notice, in writing summarily determine 
the Contract without compensation to the Contractor in any of the following 
events, that is to say:           

i) If the Contractor being an individual, or a firm or any partner thereof, shall at 
any time, be adjudged insolvent or shall have received order for 
administration of his estate made against him or shall take any proceeding 
for compensation under the Insolvency Act for the time being in force or 
make any conveyance or assignment of his effects or enter into any 
arrangement or composition with his creditors or suspend payment or if the 
firm has been dissolved under the Partnership Act; or  

ii) If the Contractor being a company is wound up voluntarily or by the order of 
a court or a Receiver, Liquidator or Manager on behalf of the Debenture 
holder is appointed or circumstances have arisen which entitle the court or 
Debenture holders to appoint a Receiver, Liquidator or manager; or 

iii) If the Contractor commits any breach of the Contract not herein specifically 
provided in the Contract.  

Provided always that such determination shall not prejudice any right of action or 
remedy which shall have accrued or shall accrue thereafter to the Purchaser and 
provided also that the Contractor shall be liable to pay to the Purchaser for any extra 
expenditure he is thereby put to and the Contractor shall under no circumstances be 
entitled to gain on such purchase. 
 

 

17.0 DATE OF COMPLETION – Deleted  

17.1 The Contractor shall provide full programme of the Supplies and or Works in 
detail and delivery schedule thereto. Strict adherence to the prescribed time 
schedule mentioned in the Contract shall be the essence of the Contract. 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

18.0 DELAY IN SUPPLY/ ERECTION – Deleted 

18.1 If the Contractor fails to attain completion of the scope of work or any part thereof 
within the prescribed time for completion under clause 17.1 or any extension 
thereof under GCC Clause 22.1 to 22.3 (Extension of time for Completion), the 
Contractor shall pay to the Purchaser liquidated damages equal to the amount 
computed @1/2 (half) percent per week or part thereof of the Contract Price. The 
aggregate amount of such Liquidated damages shall in no case exceed 10% of 
the Contract Price.  

 

19.0 MANAGEMENT MEETINGS  

19.1 Either the Engineer In-Charge or the Contractor may require the other to attend a 
Management Meeting. The business of a Management Meeting to be held at the 
place decided by the Engineer In-Charge shall be to review the plans for 
remaining works and to deal with matters raised in accordance with the Early 
Warning Procedure. 

19.2 The Engineer In-Charge shall record the business of Management Meetings and 
shall provide copies of the minutes of record of the meeting to those attending the 
meeting and to the Contractor. The responsibility of the parties for actions to be 
taken is to be decided by the Engineer In-Charge either at the Management 
Meeting or after the Management Meeting and stated in such record of the 
meeting. 

 

20.0 EARLY WARNING 

20.1 The Contractor is required to warn the Engineer In-Charge at the earliest 
opportunity of specific likely future events or circumstances that may delay the 
execution of works. The Engineer In-Charge may require the Contractor to 
provide an estimate of the expected effect of the event or circumstance and 
Completion date.  

20.2 The Contractor shall cooperate with the Engineer In-Charge in making and 
considering proposals for how the effect of such an event or circumstance can be 
avoided or reduced by anyone involved in the work and in carrying out any 
resulting instruction of the Engineer In-Charge. 

 

21.0 CASH FLOW FORECAST 

21.1  When the Program is updated, the Contractor is to provide the Engineer In-
Charge with an updated cash flow forecast. 

 

22.0 EXTENSION OF TIME FOR COMPLETION 

22.1 The Time(s) for Completion specified in the Contract may be extended if the work 
is delayed or the Contractor is impeded in the performance of any of its 
obligations under the Contract by reason of any of the following: 

(a) any Change in the scope of work  



SECTION‐I 

 
 

(b) any occurrence of Force Majeure as provided in GCC Clause 52.1 to 52.5.   

(c) any suspension of work order given by the Engineer In-Charge under GCC 
Clause 23.1 to 23.4 (Suspension) hereof or reduction in the rate of progress 
pursuant to GCC Clause 23.2 or 

(d) any default or breach of the Contract by the Purchaser, specifically including 
failure to supply the items to be supplied by the Purchaser as per the 
Contract Agreement, or any activity, act or omission of any other contractors 
employed by the Purchaser or 

by such period as shall be fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and as 
shall fairly reflect the delay or impediment sustained by the Contractor. 

22.2 Except otherwise specifically provided in the Contract, the Contractor shall submit 
to the Engineer In-Charge his request for an extension of the Time for 
Completion, together with particulars of the event or circumstance justifying such 
extension as soon as reasonably practicable after the commencement of such 
event or circumstance. As soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of such 
request and supporting particulars for such time extension, Engineer In-Charge 
shall convey his decision upon the period of such extension to the Contractor.  

22.3 The Contractor shall at all times use its reasonable efforts to minimize any delay 
in the performance of its obligations under the Contract. If the Contractor has 
failed to give early warning of a delay or has failed to cooperate in dealing with a 
delay, the delays due to such failures shall not be considered in assessing the 
time extension. 

 

23.0 SUSPENSION 

23.1 The Engineer In-Charge may request, by giving notice to the Contractor, to 
suspend performance of any or all of its obligations under the Contract. Such 
notice shall specify the obligation of which performance is to be suspended, the 
effective date of the suspension and the reasons therefore. The Contractor shall 
thereupon suspend performance of such obligation (except those obligations 
necessary for the care or preservation of the work) until ordered in writing to 
resume such performance by the Engineer In-Charge. 

If, by virtue of a suspension order given by the Engineer In-Charge, other than by 
reason of the Contractor’s default or breach of the Contract, the Contractor’s 
performance of any of its obligations is suspended for an aggregate period of 
more than ninety (90) days, then at any time thereafter and provided that at that 
time such performance is still suspended, the Contractor may give a notice to the 
Engineer In-Charge requiring that the Purchaser shall, within twenty-eight (28) 
days of receipt of the notice, order the resumption of such performance or 
request and subsequently order a change Amendment excluding the 
performance of the suspended obligations from the Contract. 

If the Purchaser fails to do so within such period, the Contractor may, by a further 
notice to the Engineer In-Charge, elect to treat the suspension, where it affects a 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

part only of the Facilities, as a deletion of such part or, where it affects the whole 
of the Work, as termination of the Contract. 

23.2 If  

(a) the Purchaser has failed to pay the Contractor any sum due under the 
Contract within the specified period or has failed to approve any invoice or 
supporting documents without just cause pursuant to Payment Terms, or 
commits a substantial breach of the Contract, the Contractor may give a 
notice to the Purchaser that requires payment of such sum, with interest 
thereon as stipulated in the Contract, requires approval of such invoice or 
supporting documents, or specifies the breach and requires the Purchaser 
to remedy the same, as the case may be. If the Purchaser fails to pay 
such sum together with such interest, fails to approve such invoice or 
supporting documents or give its reasons for withholding such approval, or 
fails to remedy the breach or take steps to remedy the breach within 
fourteen (14) days after receipt of the Contractor’s notice or 

(b) the Contractor is unable to carry out any of its obligations under the 
Contract for any reason attributable to the Purchaser, including but not 
limited to the Purchaser’s failure to provide possession of or access to the 
site or other areas or failure to obtain any governmental permit necessary 
for the execution and/or completion of the Works; 

then the Contractor may by giving fourteen (14) days notice to the Purchaser 
suspend performance of all or any of its obligations under the Contract, or reduce 
the rate of progress. 

23.3 If the Contractor’s performance of its obligations is suspended or the rate of 
progress is reduced pursuant to this GCC Clause 23.1 to 23.2, then the Time for 
Completion shall be extended in accordance with GCC Clause 22.1, and any and 
all additional costs or expenses incurred by the Contractor as a result of such 
suspension or reduction shall be paid by the Purchaser to the Contractor in 
addition to the Contract Price, except in the case of suspension order or 
reduction in the rate of progress by reason of the Contractor’s default or breach 
of the Contract, by the Contractor. 

23.4 During the period of suspension, the Contractor shall not remove from the Site 
any Plant and Equipment, any part of the Work or any Contractor’s Equipment, 
without the prior written consent of the Purchaser. 

 

24.0 USE OF ROADS     

24.1 The Contractor may be allowed to use private roads, if any built by the Purchaser 
in connection with the construction work. The Purchaser may also help the 
Contractor in obtaining permission for using canal or other service roads for 
transport of Contractor’s men and materials wherever necessary and possible 
under the rules. 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

25.0 WASTAGE OF MATERIALS  

25.1 On completion of work, the Contractor will return balance items over and above 
actually used on the work. Wastage shall also be returned either in damaged 
condition or otherwise. However should the necessity arise to deliver the items in 
excess of the permissible wastage, as may otherwise be specified in the 
Contract, the cost thereof shall be recoverable from Contractor’s bills at rates as 
specified in the Contract. 

 

26.0 SURPLUS MATERIALS  

26.1 On completion of the works, all materials left surplus from those supplied by the 
Contractor under the Contract and those supplied by the Purchaser for erection 
will be handed over to the Purchaser at the Purchaser’s stores. 

 

27.0  SAFETY OF STAFF AND LABOURERS 

27.1 The Contractor shall provide and make all necessary arrangements for safety of 
staff and labourers at site of work. The Purchaser will not, in any way be 
responsible for any accident minor, major or fatal, to any person at the site of 
works or for any damages arising therefrom during erection, which shall be the 
Contractor’s sole responsibility. The staff insurance charges shall also be borne 
by the Contractor. 

 

28.0 PROGRESS REPORT   

28.1 Fortnightly reports showing the actual progress made in the receipt of materials 
by the Contractor and in completion of various works shall be regularly submitted 
in duplicate by the Contractor to the Engineer In-Charge and Engineer of the 
Contract. 

  

29.0 DEVIATIONS FROM SPECIFICATION  

29.1 All departures from the Contract Specification shall be subject to the approval of 
the Engineer/ Engineer In-Charge.  

 

30.0 RESPONSIBILITY OF THE CONTRACTOR   

30.1 The Contractor shall guarantee and be entirely responsible for the execution of 
Contract in accordance with the specification, schedules and appendices. He 
shall further guarantee and be responsible for the quality and workmanship of all 
materials and completed works, correct delivery of materials within the 
guaranteed completion and warranty period.  He shall also guarantee and be 
responsible for the correct designs and drawings and their accuracy, conformity 
of all works to the approved designs and drawings their erection, within the 
guaranteed completion and performance within the warranty period.     

30.2 The Purchaser shall have the right to require the Contractor to make any such 
change in the designs which may be necessary in the opinion of the Engineer In-
Charge to make the Plant and Works as the case may be, conform to the 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

provisions & contents of the specification, without any extra cost to the 
Purchaser. Approval by the Engineer In-Charge or by the representative of the 
Purchaser, to the Contractor’s or sub-contractor’s drawings, designs, materials or 
of other parts of the works involved in the Contract, or of test carried out either by 
the Contractor or by the Sub-Contractor shall not relieve the Contractor of any 
requirements/obligations of the specification or of the responsibility/obligation for 
the correctness of the Contractor’s design and drawings. Any manufacture or the 
work performed prior to the approval of drawings and tests will be at the risk and 
cost of the Contractor.  

30.3 The Contractor shall guarantee and be responsible for handling and storage of all 
the materials, as erected works upto their taking over by the Purchaser. 

 

31.0 TRAINING OF PURCHASER’S STAFF  

31.1 The Purchaser reserves the right to depute its own staff, comprising of 
Engineers/or Subordinates, in the Contractor’s / sub-contractor’s works and with 
Contractor’s personnel for the purpose of gaining experience and Contractor shall 
extend all reasonable facilities for this purpose. The Contractor shall not, 
however, be required to incur any expenditure on this account, unless specifically 
otherwise provided in the Contract.     

         

32.0 INSPECTION AND TESTING -  Deleted 

32.1 The Engineer In-Charge and his duly authorised representatives shall have, at all 
reasonable times access to the Contractor’s premises, and shall have the power, 
at all reasonable time, to inspect and examine the materials and workmanship of 
the plant during its manufacture shop assembly and tests and if part of the plants 
is being manufactured on other premises, the Contractor shall obtain for the 
Engineer In-Charge and his duly authorised representative, permission to inspect 
it as if the plant was manufactured on the Contractor’s own premises. 

32.2 The Engineer In-Charge shall, on giving seven days notice in writing to the 
Contractor setting out any grounds of objections which he may have in respect of 
the work, be at liberty to reject all or any part of workmanship connected with 
such work which in his opinion, are not in accordance with the Contract or/are, in 
his opinion, defective for any reason, whatsoever provided that, if such notice be 
not sent to the Contractor within a reasonable time after the grounds upon which 
such notice is based have come to the knowledge of the Engineer In-Charge, he 
shall not be entitled to reject the said plant or workmanship on such grounds. 
Unless specifically provided otherwise all tests shall be made at the Contractor’s 
works before shipment. 

32.3 The Contractor shall, if required, give the Engineer In-Charge, notice of any plant, 
being ready for testing, and the Engineer In-Charge or his representative, if so 
desired, shall, on giving twenty-four hours previous notice in writing to the 
Contractor, attend at the Contractor’s premises within fifteen days of the date on 
which the plant is notified as being ready failing which, visit or alternatively if the 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

Purchaser, at its own discretion waives of the inspection and testing the 
Contractor may proceed with the tests which shall be deemed to have been 
made in the Engineer In-Charge’s presence, and he shall forthwith forward to the 
Engineer In-Charge duly certified copies of the test results and certificates in six 
copies for approval of the Purchaser. The Plant shall be despatched only after 
the test certificates have been approved by the Purchaser in writing. 

32.4 In all cases where the Contract provides for tests, whether at the premises of the 
Contractor or of any sub-contractor except where otherwise specified, shall 
provide free of charges such labour, materials, electricity, fuel, water, stores, 
apparatus and instruments, as may reasonably be demanded to carry out 
efficiently such tests of the plant in accordance with the Contract, and shall give 
facilities to the Engineer In-Charge or to his authorised representative to 
accomplish such testing. 

32.5 If special tests other than those specified in the Contract, are required, they shall 
be paid for by the Purchaser as ‘Variation’ under Clause 13.1 to 13.5. If 
inspection is got done through an independent authority at the option of the 
Purchaser, the inspection fee, if any, shall be paid by the Purchaser. 

32.6 When the tests have been satisfactorily completed at the Contractor’s works, the 
Engineer In-Charge or his authorised representative shall issue a certificate to 
this effect. The Engineer In-Charge or his authorised representative will jointly 
seal the material inspected in testimony of inspection being carried out by him. 

32.7 Neither the waival of inspection nor acceptance after inspection by the Purchaser 
shall, in any way, relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of supplying the plant 
& equipment strictly in accordance with the specifications, drawing etc. 

32.8 Immediately after the acceptance of the bid of the Contractor, the Contractor shall 
send four copies of mill or ship orders for materials purchased for use in 
manufacture which will be required to be inspected at points other than the 
Contractor’s work before shipment. All such orders shall quote the requirements 
of specifications for the materials to be furnished and shall mention where the 
materials are to be manufactured. 

32.9 In all cases where the Contract provide for tests on the site, the Purchaser, 
except where otherwise specified, shall provide, free of charges, such labour, 
materials, electricity, fuel, water, stores, apparatus and instruments as may be 
required from time to time, as may reasonably be demanded to carry out such 
test of the plant or workmanship in accordance with the Contract. In the case of 
the Contractor requiring electricity for tests on site, such electricity shall be 
supplied to the Contractor in the most convenient form available. 

 

33.0 DELIVERY OF PLANT   

33.1 No plant shall be dispatched until dispatch instruction have been given to the 
Contractor by the Engineer In-Charge or his duly authorised representative. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

33.2 The Contractor shall deliver the plant/material in accordance with the terms of the 
Contract at the time/times at the place/places and in the manner specified in the 
Contract. The Contractor shall comply with the instructions that may be given by 
the Purchaser from time to time regarding the safe transit of the plant/material. 

33.3 Notification of delivery or dispatch in regard to each and every consignment shall 
be made to the Purchaser immediately after dispatch or delivery. The Supplier 
shall further supply to the consignee, in triplicate, a priced invoice and packing list 
of all stores delivered or dispatched by him. 

33.4 In case of any damage or loss occurred in transit upto destination, it shall be the 
liability of the Contractor to initiate or pursue the claim with Insurance Company. 
He should also take immediate steps to repair the damaged apparatus or 
replacement thereto. Any extension of time limit required in such contingency will 
be considered by the Purchaser on merits. 
 

34.0 WORK ON SITE 

34.1 Suitable access to and possession of the site for the purpose of erection shall be 
offered to the Contractor in reasonable time. The erection shall be carried out at 
such time as the Purchaser may approve so as not to interfere unnecessarily with 
the conduct of the Purchaser’s business, but the Purchaser shall give the 
Contractor all reasonable facilities for carrying out the work. 

34.2 No person other than the Contractor, sub-Contractor, and workmen and the 
Contractor’s duly authorised agents shall, except with the special permission in 
writing of the Engineer In-Charge or his representative, be allowed to do any 
work on the site in connection with installation work, but access to the work, shall 
at all times be accorded to the Engineer In-Charge and his representatives and 
other authorised officials of the Purchaser. 

34.3 The Purchaser shall ensure readiness of the associated Civil works including 
foundations matching with the requirements at site as per the Inspection 
Schedule approved by the Engineer In-Charge.  
 

35.0 ENGINEER’S SUPERVISION  

35.1 All the work shall be carried out under the direction and to the reasonable 
satisfaction of the Engineer In-Charge. The Contractor shall be responsible for 
the corrections of the positions, levels, and dimensions of the works according to 
the drawings, notwithstanding that he may have been assisted by the Engineer 
In-Charge in setting out the same. 

36.0 ENGINEER IN-CHARGE’S DECISION   

36.1 In respect of all matters which are left to the decision of the Engineer In-Charge 
including the granting or withholding of certificates, the Engineer In-Charge shall, 
if required, give in writing a decision thereon and his reasons for such decision. 
Such decision shall be final and binding on the Contractor. 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

37.0 CONTRACTOR’S  REPRESENTATIVE AND WORKMEN  

37.1 The Contractor shall employ at least one competent representative, whose name 
or names shall have previously been communicated in writing to the Engineer In-
Charge by the Contractor, to superintend the erection and carrying out of the 
works. The said representative, or if more than one be employed, then one of the 
representatives shall be present on the site during working hours, and any written 
orders, or instructions which the Engineer In-Charge or his duly authorised 
representative, whose name shall have been previously communicated in writing 
to the Contractor, may give to the said representative of the Contractor, shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Contractor. 

37.2 The Engineer In-Charge shall be at liberty to object to any representative or 
person employed by the Contractor in the execution of or otherwise about the 
works who, in his opinion, misconduct himself or be incompetent or negligent and 
the Contractor shall remove the person so objected to upon receipt from the 
Engineer In-Charge of notice in writing requiring him to do so and shall provide in 
his place competent representative at the Contractor’s expense.  

 

38.0 LIABILITY FOR ACCIDENTS AND DAMAGES  

38.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for loss, damage or depreciation of goods or 
plant / equipment upto delivery at site to the authorised consignee of the 
Purchaser. 

38.2 The Contractor shall be responsible for loss, damage or depreciation of the plant 
until the same is taken over as per clause 50.1 to 50.4 of these General 
Conditions or is deemed under that clause to have been taken over provided 
always that the Contractor shall not be responsible for any such loss, damage 
and depreciation occurring during such period that the plant is operated by the 
Purchaser’s staff prior to being taken over in accordance with clause 50.1 to 50.4. 

38.3 Until the plant is taken over or is deemed to have been taken over as aforesaid, 
the Contractor shall also be liable for and shall indemnify the Purchaser in 
respect of all injury to person or damage to property resulting from the negligence 
of the Contractor or from defective design or work, but not from other causes. 

38.4 Provided the Contractor shall not be liable for any loss of profit or any loss out of 
Contract or any other claim made against the Purchaser not already provided for 
in the Contract, nor for any injury or damage caused by or arising from the acts of 
the Purchaser or of any other person or due to circumstances over which the 
Contractor has no control nor shall his total liability for loss, damage or injury 
under this clause exceed the total value of the Contract. 

38.5 The Contractor will indemnify and save harmless the Purchaser against all 
actions, suits, claims, demands, costs or expenses caused in connection with 
injuries (other than such as may be attributable to the Purchaser or his 
employees) suffered prior to the date when the Plant shall have been taken over 
under clause 50.1 to 50.4 hereof by persons employed by the Contractor or his 
sub-contractor on the work whether at common law or under the Workmen’s 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

Compensation Act, 1923 or any other statue in force at the date of Contract 
relating to the question of the liability of employers for injuries suffered by 
employees, and will, if called upon to do so, take out the necessary policy or 
policies of insurance to cover such indemnity. 

38.6 In the event of any claim being made, or action brought against the Purchaser 
involving the Contractor and arising out of the matters referred to and in respect 
of which the Contractor is liable under this clause, the Contractor shall be 
immediately notified thereof and he shall with the assistance, if he so requires, of 
the Purchaser, but at the sole expense of the Contractor, conduct all negotiations 
for the settlement of the same or any litigation that may arise there from. In such 
case, the Purchaser shall at the request and expense of the Contractor afford all 
reasonable and available assistance for any such purpose. 
 

 

39.0 INSURANCE 

39.1 The Contractor shall insure the plant and equipment to be supplied by him and 
shall keep it insured against loss by theft, destruction or damage by fire, flood, 
under exposure to the weather, or riots, civil commotion, war or rebellion, or any 
other kind of loss or damage during transit for the full value of the plant from the 
time of dispatch and upto the time of its erection and successful Testing and 
Commissioning and upto its warranty period as per clause 51.1 to 51.4 of GCC.  

39.2  The Contractor shall also ensure the insurance of all the plants & equipments or 
the materials to be arranged separately by the Purchaser (as per the detail list 
provided by the Purchaser) and handed over to the Contractor for erection, 
including the estimated cost of erection etc. as per the terms of the Contract, until 
the works and the surplus materials are taken over by the Purchaser under 
Clause 50.1 to 50.4 of the General Conditions of Contract. 

 

40.0 REPLACEMENT OF DEFECTIVE WORK OR MATERIAL 

40.1 If during the progress of the work, the Engineer In-Charge shall decide and notify, 
in writing, to the Contractor that the Contractor has executed any unsound or 
imperfect work or has supplied any plant, material etc. as may be covered under 
the scope of the work, inferior in quality to that specified, the Contractor, on 
receiving details of such defects or deficiency, shall at his own expense, within 
such time as may be reasonably necessary for making it good, proceed to alter, 
reconstruct or remove such work, or supply fresh materials upto the standard of 
the Specification and in case the Contractor shall fail to do so, the Purchaser 
may, on giving the Contractor seven days notice in writing of his intention so to 
do, proceed to remove the work complained of, and at the cost of the Contractor, 
perform all such work or supply all such material, provided that nothing in this 
clause shall be  deemed to deprive the Purchaser of or affect any right under the 
Contract, which he may otherwise have in respect of such defects or deficiencies. 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

 
41.0 TERMS OF PAYMENT  

41.1 Deleted 

Subject to any deduction which the Purchaser may be authorised to make under 
the Contract and/or any additions or deductions provided for under clause 13.1 to 
13.5 of these General Conditions, the Contractor shall be entitled to payment as 
follows: 

41.1.1 FOR SUPPLY OF PLANT / EQUIPMENT ETC.: 

A. FOR SUPPLIES  

i) 90% of the Contract Price of the material supplied alongwith 100% taxes & 
duties subject to documentary evidence against presentation of the 
following documents to the Consignee: 

a) Evidence of despatch (GR / LR etc.) 

b) Contractor’s detailed invoice 

c) Detailed packing list  

d) Test Certificate(s). 

e) Inspection Report/ Despatch Instructions 

f) Copy of Insurance Intimation/ Cover. 

ii) 10% of the Contract Price and price variation claims, if any, shall be paid 
upon taking over of the equipment after successful erection and 
commissioning. 

 B.     ERECTION & COMMISSIONING  

90% of the erection cost will be paid on monthly completion of erection work at 
prorata basis/ unit rate basis as may be applicable subject to the verification of 
the bill by the Engineer In-Charge.   

Balance 10% of the cost of the erection work done will be paid on the successful 
completion and commissioning and testing of the work under the Contract. 

41.2 All payments will be made in Indian Rupees, unless otherwise specified in the 
Contract. 

41.3 In the event of the Supplier/ Contractor not being able to supply the materials or 
to carry out works in accordance with the terms of the Contract, the Purchaser 
shall have the right to recover any sums, advance from the Contractor and from 
his assets. 

     
42.0 DEDUCTIONS FROM CONTRACT PRICES 

42.1 All costs, claims, damages or expenses which the Purchaser may have paid for 
which under the Contract the Contractor is liable, may be deducted by the 
Purchaser from the proceeds of the Performance Guarantee or from any money 
due or which may become due to the Contractor under the Contract. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

42.2 Any sum of money due and payable to the Contractor (including Performance 
Guarantee returnable to him) under this Contract may be appropriated by the 
Purchaser and set off against any claim of the Purchaser out of or under any 
Contract made by the Contractor with the Purchaser. 

42.3 It is an agreed terms of the Contract that the sum of money so withheld if retained 
under this clause by the Purchaser shall be kept, withheld or retained as such by 
the Purchaser till the claims arising out of in the same Contract are either 
mutually settled or determined by the arbitrator, and the Contractor shall have no 
claim for interest or damage whatsoever on this account or any other ground in 
respect of any sum of money withheld or retained under this clause and duly 
notified as such to the Contractor. 
 

43.0 FINAL BILL  

43.1 The final bill relating to the Contract shall be prepared only when the Plant has/ 
have been installed and tested for final acceptance under Clause 48.1 to 48.3 
and it will include the adjustment of all claims against the Contractor as well as all 
claims admitted in favour of the Contractor by the Engineer In-Charge and 
awarded in his favour by the Arbitrator up to the date of preparation of the final 
bill.  

 

44.0 PAYMENT UPON TERMINATION 

44.1 If the Contract is terminated because of a fundamental breach of Contract by the 
Contractor, the Engineer In-Charge shall issue a certificate for the value of the 
work done less advance payments received upto the date of the issue of the 
certificate, less other recoveries due in terms of the Contract, less taxes due to 
be deducted at source as per applicable law. If the total amount due to the 
Purchaser exceeds any payment due to the Contractor, the difference shall be a 
“debt” payable to the Purchaser. 

44.2 If the Contract is terminated at the Purchaser’s convenience or because of a 
fundamental breach of Contract by the Purchaser, the Engineer In-Charge shall 
issue a certificate for the value of the work done, the reasonable cost of removal 
of Equipment, repatriation of the Contractor’s personnel employed solely on the 
works less advance payments received up to the date of the certificate, less other 
recoveries due in terms of the Contract and less taxes due to be deducted at 
source as per applicable law. 
 

45.0 PERMITS AND VISAS 

45.1 The Corporation shall, on application from the Contractor, assist for the issuance 
of the necessary permits and visas for the Contractor’s foreign personnel, if any. 
The Corporation shall not, however, be responsible for any delay on this account. 

 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

46.0 REGULATIONS OF LOCAL AUTHORITIES  

46.1 The Purchaser shall during the currency of this Contract and in respect of all 
matters arising out of performance thereof, assist the Contractor in the service of 
all notices and the obtaining of all consents, approval and permission required in 
accordance with the regulations and by laws of any local or other authority, if so 
necessary and applicable to the works, and also in the obtaining of right of way 
and like facilities from private parties. The Purchaser shall not, however, be 
responsible for any delay on this account and the Contractor shall not be 
absolved of any of his contractual obligation whatsoever in this regard. 

 

47.0 DUE DATE OF PAYMENT - Deleted 

47.1 Payment for erection and commissioning shall be due and payable by the 
Purchaser in accordance with the provision of clause 41.1 to 41.3 of these 
General Conditions at the end of the month following that in which value/ quantity 
of work done is measured and accepted by the Engineer In-Charge and the 
amount due is worked out. 

 

48.0 TEST ON COMPLETION - Deleted 

48.1 Whenever possible, all tests shall be carried out before shipment. Should, 
however, it be necessary for the final tests as to performance and guarantees to 
be held over until the plant is erected at site, they shall be carried out in the 
presence of the Contractor’s representative within reasonable time of the 
completion of erection. 

48.2 The final tests, as to performance and guarantees, as specified in the Contract 
shall be carried out by and in the presence of Contractor’s representative within a 
reasonable time of the completion of erection.  

48.3  If the results of these tests shall not come within the margin specified, the tests 
shall, if required to be repeated after the plant/work is ready for re-test and the 
Contractor shall repay to the Purchaser all reasonable expenses to which he may 
be put by such tests. 

 

49.0 REJECTION OF DEFECTIVE PLANTS/ WORKS 

49.1 If the completed Plants/ Works or any portion thereof, before it is taken over, be 
found to be defective, or being failed to fulfil the requirements of the Contract, the 
Engineer In-Charge shall give the Contractor notice setting forth particulars of 
such defects or failure, and the Contractor shall forthwith make the defect good or 
alter the same to make it comply with the requirements of the Contract. If the 
Contractor fails to do so within reasonable time, the Purchaser may reject and 
replace at the cost of Contractor, the whole or any portion of the Plant/Works as 
the case may be which is defective or fails to fulfil the requirements of the 
Contract, such replacement/ rectification shall be carried out by the Purchaser 
within the requirements of the Contract within a reasonable time and at the 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

reasonable price and where reasonably possible to the same specification and 
under competitive conditions. In case of such replacement/rectification delivered 
and or erected as provided for in the original Contract, such extra cost being the 
ascertained difference between the price paid by the Purchaser under the 
provisions above mentioned for such replacement/ rectification and the Contract 
price for the plant/works so replaced/ rectified and also to repay any sum paid by 
the Purchaser to the Contractor in respect of such defective plant/ works. 

49.2 In the event of such rejection, the Purchaser shall be entitled to the use of the 
Plant/ Work in reasonable and proper manner till a time reasonably sufficient to 
enable him to obtain other replacement plant/ carryout the rectification of the 
Work. During the period the rejected plant/ work is used commercially, the 
Contractor shall be entitled to a reasonable sum of payment for such use. 
Provided that the decision of the Engineer In-Charge in regard to quantum of 
such payment shall be final and binding on the Contractor. 

 

50.0 TAKING OVER   

50.1 Where the specification calls for performance tests before shipment and these 
have been successfully carried out, the Plant/Work shall be accepted and taken 
over when it has been satisfactorily put into operation on site or within one month 
of being ready to be put into operation whichever shall be the earlier and the 
Engineer In-Charge shall forthwith issue a Taking Over Certificate. 

50.2 When the Contract clause calls for tests on site, the Plant/ Work shall be taken 
over and the Taking Over Certificate issued immediately after such tests have 
been satisfactorily carried out. 

50.3 If, for any reason other than the default of the Contractor, such last mentioned 
test on site shall not be carried out within one month notice by the Contractor to 
the Purchaser of the Plant/ Work being ready for test, the Plant/Work shall be 
deemed to have been taken over as on the last day of such period and payment 
due to the Contractor on taking over, shall be made but nevertheless the 
Contractor shall, if called upon to do so by the Purchaser, but at the Purchaser’s 
expense, make the said tests during the warranty period and accept as aforesaid 
under the same obligation as specified in clause 48.1 to 48.3. 

50.4 The Engineer In-Charge shall not delay the issue of any Taking Over Certificate 
contemplated by this clause on account of minor deficiencies of material or 
defects in the Plant/ Work which do not materially affect the commercial use 
thereof, provided that the Contractor shall undertake to make good the same in 
the due course at his own expense. 
 

51.0 WARRANTY 

51.1 Deleted 

DeFor a period of 12 (twelve) calendar months commencing upon the setting to 
work of Plant or 18 months from the date of despatch of equipment (last 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

consignment in case of despatch in parts) to the Purchaser whichever is earlier 
(called the warranty period), the Contractor shall remain liable to replace any 
defective parts that may develop in the Plant of his own manufacture or those of 
his Sub-contractor under the conditions provided in the Contract under proper 
use and arising solely out of faulty design, materials or workmanship, provided 
always that such defective parts as are not , repairable at site and are not 
essential in the meantime to the maintenance in commercial use of the Plant are 
promptly returned  to the Contractor’s works at the expense of the Contractor 
unless otherwise arranged. 
 

51.2 If it becomes necessary for the Contractor to replace or renew any defective parts 
of the Plant under this clause, the provisions of the first para, of this clause shall 
apply to the parts of the plant so replaced or renewed until the expiration of six 
months from the date of such replacement or renewal or until the end of the 
above mentioned period of thirty six months, whichever may be later. 

51.3 If any defect is not remedied within a reasonable time, the Purchaser may 
proceed to do the work at the Contractor’s risk and expense, but without 
prejudice to other rights, which the Purchaser may have against the Contractor in 
respect of such defects. 

51.4 At the end of the warranty period, the Contractor’s liability shall cease. In respect 
of goods not covered by the first paragraph of this clause, the Purchaser shall be 
entitled to the benefit of such guarantee given to the Contractor by the original 
manufacturer of such goods. 

 

52.0 FORCE MAJEURE 

52.1 In the event of either party being rendered unable by force majeure to perform 
any obligation required to be performed by them under this Contract, the relative 
obligation of the party effected by such force majeure shall be treated as 
suspended for the period during which such force majeure lasts. 

52.2 For the purpose of this Contract, force majeure shall include, without limitation, 
wars, insurrections, civil disobediences, riots, earthquakes, storms, floods, acts of 
God, which is of such nature as to delay, curtail or prevent timely action by either 
party. 

52.3 Upon the occurrence of such cause and upon its termination, the party alleging 
that it has been rendered unable, as aforesaid, thereby shall notify the other party 
in writing by registered notice within 72(seventy two) hours of the alleged 
beginning and ending thereof. The Notice shall be followed by a Certificate from 
local Chamber of Commerce or the Statutory Authority as a satisfactory evidence 
in support of the claim within 15 days of occurrence and cessation of such Force 
Majeure conditions. 

52.4 Time for performance of the relative obligation suspended by the force majeure 
shall stand extended by the period for which such causes lasts. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

52.5 If works are suspended by the force majeure conditions lasting for more than two 
months, the Purchaser shall have the option to cancel, rescind this Contract in 
whole or part thereof, at its discretion. 

 

53.0 SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES  

53.1 A notice of the existence of any dispute or difference in connection with this 
Contract, shall be served by either party within 30 days from the date of existence 
of such dispute or difference or after the attempt by the parties to the Contract for 
amicable settlement as per clause 53.2 has failed, whichever is later, failing 
which all rights and claims under this Contract shall be deemed to have been 
forfeited and absolutely barred. 

53.2 No dispute or difference arising between the parties relating to or in connection 
with the Contract shall be referred to arbitration unless an attempt has first been 
made to settle the same amicably.  
 

53.3 Arbitration 

Except as otherwise provided in Clause 36.1 herein before, all dispute or 
difference in respect of which the decision has not been final and conclusive 
arising between the Contractor and the Corporation, in relation to or in connection 
with the Contract, shall be referred to arbitration in the manner provided as 
hereunder: 

53.3.1 On receipt of such notice, the Purchaser shall send to the Contractor a panel 
of three persons and thereafter the Contractor within fifteen (15) days of 
receipt of such panel, communicate to the Purchaser the name of one of the 
persons from such panel and such a person shall then be appointed as Sole 
Arbitrator by the Engineer In-Charge of the Corporation. 

53.3.2 Provided that if the Contractor fails to communicate the selection of a name 
out of the panel so forwarded to him by the Purchaser then after the expiry of 
the aforesaid stipulated period, the Engineer-in Charge shall without delay 
select one person from the aforesaid panel and appoint him as the Sole 
Arbitrator. 

53.3.3 The Arbitrator to whom the matter is originally referred being transferred or 
vacating his office or being unable to act for any reason, then the Purchaser 
shall appoint another person to act as Sole Arbitrator in the same manner as 
provided in clause 53.3.2 herein above.   Such person shall be entitled to 
proceed with the reference from the stage at which it was left by the 
predecessor. 

53.3.4 The award of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding on both parties to the 
Contract.  The Arbitrator’s fees, as well as the cost of Arbitration proceedings 
shall be borne equally by either party.  

53.3.5 Irrespective of the amount of claim, the Arbitrator shall give reasons for the 
award.  



SECTION‐I 

 
 

53.3.6 Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 or any statutory amendment or re-
enactment thereof and the rules made thereunder and for time being in force 
shall apply to the arbitration proceedings under this clause.  

53.3.7 The venue of the arbitration proceedings shall be in Delhi or any other 
suitable and convenient place in India as may be decided by the Learned 
Arbitrator.  

53.3.8 The Language of arbitration proceedings and of all documents and 
communications between the parties shall be English.  
 

53.4 Notwithstanding any reference to the Arbitration herein, 

(a) the parties  shall  continue  to  perform  their  respective obligations under 
the Contract unless they otherwise agree to the contrary. 

(b) the Purchaser shall pay the Contractor any moneys due to the Contractor. 

 

54.0 COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION  

54.1 Any action taken or proceedings initiated on any of the terms of this Agreement 
shall be only in the court of competent jurisdiction under the High Court of 
Haryana at Chandigarh. 

 

55.0 CONSTRUCTION OF CONTRACT 

55.1 The Contract shall in all respects be construed and operated, as a Contract as 
defined in The Indian Contracts Act 1872. 

 

56.0 BREACH OF CONTRACT 

56.1 In case of non-performance in any form or shape of the covenants and conditions 
in this Contract by the Contractor the Corporation shall have power to annul, 
rescind, cancel or terminate the Contract and upon its notifying in writing to the 
Contractor that it has so done this Contract shall absolutely determine. The 
decision of the Purchaser in this regard shall be final and binding. 

 

57.0 MARGINAL NOTES AND CAPTIONS 

57.1 The various headings, marginal notes provided in the Contract against various 
clauses are only for the facility of reference and shall not be taken into account in 
the construction of any such clause or the Contract. 
 

58.0 ADDRESS OF THE CONTRACTOR AND NOTICES AND COMMUNICATION 
ON BEHALF OF THE PURCHASER 

58.1 For all purposes of the Contract, including arbitration there under, the address of 
the Contractor mentioned in the bid shall be the address to which all 
communications addressed to the Contractor shall be sent, unless the Contractor 
has notified a change by separate letter containing no other communications and 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

sent by registered post acknowledgement to the Purchaser/ Engineer In-Charge. 
The Contractor shall be solely responsible for the consequence of an omission 
committed on his part to notify a change of address in the manner aforesaid. 

58.2 Any communication or notice on behalf of the Purchaser in relation to the 
Contract may be issued to the Contractor by the Engineer In-Charge and all such 
communications and notices may be served upon the Contractor either by 
registered post or under certificate of posting or by ordinary post or by hand 
delivery or by fax at the option of such officer. 

 

59.0 CONTRACT DOCUMENT AND MATTERS TO BE TREATED AS 
CONFIDENTIAL  

59.1 All documents, correspondence, decisions and other matters concerning the 
Contract shall be considered as confidential and of restricted nature by the 
Contractor and he shall not divulge or allow access thereto to unauthorised 
person of any kind. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

  ANNEXURE-I 

 
AGREEMENT 

 

This AGREEMENT is made on the …… day of ……………..   BETWEEN    

 

(1) NHPC Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the laws of INDIA and having its 
principle place of business at NHPC OFFICE COMPLEX, SECTOR-33, 
FARIDABAD-121003, HARYANA (hereinafter called “the Employer”), and which 
expression shall include its permitted successors and assigns.  

(2) M/s …………………….. and having registered office at ………… 
……………………… (herein after referred to as `The Contractor’) which 
expression shall include the permitted successors and assigns. 

 

“WHEREAS the Employer is desirous of ……………………….. 
………………….(hereinafter called ‘Works’) and have invited enquiries vide ……………. 
………………………. for the purpose of the work. 

 

AND WHEREAS the contractor has submitted its tender AND WHEREAS the Employer 
has accepted the tender of the contractor and execution of the said work upon the terms 
and subject to the conditions herein after mentioned below in the agreement. 

This Contract comprises of the following component / parts, all of which shall form an 
integral part of this contract as if herein set out verbatim or if not attached as if here to 
attached. 

i) Volume-1           : Contract Agreement, Letter of Award & Schedule of 
Quantities & Prices, and Integrity Pact 

ii) Volume -2 : General Conditions of Contract (GCC) and Special 
Conditions of Contract (SCC) 

iii) Volume-3 : Technical Specifications, Technical Data Sheets and 
Drawings  

 

AND WHEREAS the Employer has accepted the tender of the Contractor and the 
execution of the said work for the sums as per Schedule of Quantities and Prices 
contained in the Volume-1 upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter 
mentioned and more particularly described in Volume-1 to 3 respectively which shall 
form integral part of this Contract (hereinafter to be collectively referred to as ‘Contract 
Documents’). 

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

NOW THESE PRESENT WITNESS AND the parties hereto hereby agree and declares 
as follows.  

That is to say, in consideration of the payments to be made to the Contractor by the 
Employer as hereinafter mentioned, the Contractor shall duly provide the plant for the 
said works and shall do and perform all other works and things in the contract mentioned 
or described which are implied there from or herein respectively or may be reasonably 
necessary for the completion of the said work within and at the times and in the manner 
and subject to the terms & conditions and stipulations mentioned in the said contract 
document. 

AND in consideration of the due provision and satisfactory Supply, Installation, 
Commissioning and Completion of the said works and the maintenance thereof as 
aforesaid, the Employer will pay to the Contractor the sums as per the Schedule of 
Quantities and Prices contained in Volume-1 or such other as may become payable to 
the Contractor under the provisions of this Contract, such payment to be made in time 
and in such manner as is provided by the Contract. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF The Parties hereto have signed this deed hereunder on the 
date respectively mentioned against the signature of each. 

 

 

            (For and on behalf of                                                           (For and on behalf of 
   the Contractor)                                          the Employer)                  
 

  

  

In the presence of In the presence of 

  

1. 1. 

 

 

 

  

 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

ANNEXURE – II 

Performance Guarantee Form 

Bank Guarantee 

 

(To be stamped in accordance with Stamp Act  

if any, of the Country of the issuing Bank) 

   

 Bank Guarantee No. .............. 

 Date ...............................……. 

To, 

[Employer’s Name & Address] 

 

Dear Sirs, 

 

In consideration of the .... [Employer’s Name] ........ (hereinafter referred to as the 
‘Employer’ which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, 
include its successors, administrators  and  assigns) having awarded to M/s ..... 
[Contractor’s Name] ..... ....... with its Registered/Head Office at ............................. 
(hereinafter referred to as the ‘Contractor’, which expression shall unless repugnant to 
the context or meaning thereof, include its successors administrators, executors and 
assigns), a Contract by issue of Employer’s Letter of Acceptance No. ................ dated 
.................. and the same having been acknowledged by the contractor, for …………… 
[Contract sum in figures and words] for ………. [Name of the work] and the Contractor 
having agreed to provide a Contract Performance Guarantee for the faithful performance 
of the entire Contract equivalent to ……(*)……….. of the said value of the aforesaid 
work under the Contract to the Employer. 

We............... [Name & Address of the Bank] ..…........ having its Head Office at 
................... (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Bank’, which expression shall, unless 
repugnant to the context of meaning thereof, include its successors, administrators, 
executors and assigns) do hereby guarantee and undertake to pay the Employer, on 
demand any and all monies payable by the Contractor to the extent of .............. (*) 
............... as aforesaid at any time upto ................ (@) ........... [days/month/year] without 
any demur, reservation, contest, recourse or protest and/or without any reference to the 
Contractor. Any such demand made by the Employer on the Bank shall be conclusive 
and binding notwithstanding any difference between the Employer and the Contractor or 
any dispute pending before any Court, Tribunal, Arbitrator or any other authority. The 
Bank undertakes not to revoke this guarantee during its currency without previous 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

consent of the Employer and further agrees that the guarantees herein contained shall 
continue to be enforceable till the Employer discharges this guarantee or till 
……………[days/month/year] whichever is earlier. 

The Employer shall have the fullest liberty, without affecting in any way the liability of the 
Bank under this guarantee, from time to time to extend the time for performance of the 
Contract by the Contractor. The Employer shall have the fullest liberty, without affecting 
this guarantee, to postpone from time to time the exercise of any powers vested in them 
or of any right which they might have against the Contractor, and to exercise the same at 
any time in any manner, and either to enforce or to forbear to enforce any covenants, 
contained or implied, in the Contract between the Employer and the Contractor or any 
other course or remedy or security available to the Employer. The Bank shall not be 
released of its obligations under these presents by any exercise by the Employer of its 
liberty with reference to the matters aforesaid or any of them or by reason of any other 
act or forbearance or other acts of omission or commission on the part of the Employer 
or any other indulgence shown by the Employer or by any other matter or thing 
whatsoever which under law would, but for this provision have the effect of relieving the 
Bank. 

The Bank declares that this Bank Guarantee is issued by the Bank, utilizing the credit 
limit of M/s ………………..(name of contractor) and also agrees that the Employer at its 
option shall be entitled to enforce this Guarantee against the Bank as a principal debtor, 
in the first instance without proceeding against the Contractor and notwithstanding any 
security or other guarantee the Employer may have in relation to the Contractor’s 
liabilities. 

i) Our liability under this Bank Guarantee shall not exceed ………………….. 
 

ii) This Bank Guarantee shall be valid up to ……………………… 
 

iii) We are liable to pay the guaranteed amount or any part thereof under this Bank 
Guarantee only and only if Employer serve upon Bank a written claim or demand 
on or before ……………..@………….. 

 

Dated this.................... day of ..................... 200…......... at ................................. 

 

WITNESS 

  

Signed for and on behalf of the 
Bank 

 

1. ................................................ 
 (Signature) 

 ............................... 

(Signature) 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

 

 ................................................ 
 (Name) 

 ..................................... 
(Name) 

 

 ................................................ 
 (Official Address) 

 ................................................. 
(Designation with Bank Stamp) 

 

2. ................................................ 
 (Signature) 

  

Attorney as per Power
of Attorney No. ........................
Dated....................................... 

 ................................................ 
 (Name) 

 

  

 ................................................ 
 (Official Address) 

  

 

Communication address of the Bank 
 
Name of the contact person 
 
Tel. No. 
 
Fax No. 
 
Email:  

  

Notes: 1. (*) This sum shall be ten percent (10%) of the Contract Price 
denominated in the types and proportions of currencies. 

 

  (@) This date will be Ninety (90) days beyond the Defects liability period 
as specified in the Contract. 

2. The stamp papers of appropriate value shall be purchased in the name of 
guarantee issuing Bank. 



SECTION‐I 

 
 

3. Vendor’s stamp with full details i.e. name of the purchaser in whose favour 
this stamp paper has been purchased, should be invariable mentioned on the 
back side of the stamp paper. 

4. Bank Guarantee is required to be submitted directly to the Employer by the 
issuing bank (on Behalf of the Contractor) under the registered post (A.D.). 
The Contractor can submit an advance copy of Bank Guarantee to the 
Employer. However, in case of exceptional circumstances where efficient 
postal services are not in force, the Bank Guarantee may be submitted by the 
Contractor directly to the Employer and the issuing Bank shall submit an 
unstamped duplicate copy of Bank Guarantee directly under the registered 
post (A.D.) to the Employer, with a forwarding letter. 

 

**************** 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT (SCC) 

1. GENERAL: 

These Special Conditions of Contract shall be read and construed along with the 
General Conditions of Contract (Section-I) and in case of any conflict or 
inconsistency, between these Special Conditions of Contract and General 
Conditions of Contract; provisions of these Special Conditions contained herein 
shall prevail. 
 

2. SCOPE OF WORK: 

NHPC intends to develop a Server Rack Infrastructure at its Corporate Office in 
Faridabad which will be primarily used for running and maintaining of various IT 
applications being used for own purposes. This facility is being proposed on the 
space earmarked on the second floor of the Neer Shakti Sadan of NHPC Office 
Complex. The facility shall be developed for 10 integrated racks. The detail of 
Scope of Work (SoW) is as per Annexure-A to the SCC.  

Note: The Scope of Work (SoW) mentioned in the tender is indicative and may 
not be exhaustive in any manner. The bidder shall be assumed to have 
accounted for best current practices, all services and equipments necessary for 
the establishment of the server room as per actual site conditions. The layout of 
NHPC Server room is attached to Annexure-X of Section-III. Before bidding, the 
prospective bidders may choose to do the actual site inspection/ visit, if required, 
in their own interest. 
 

3. COMPLETION OF WORK: 
(GCC Clause no. 17.0 is deleted and is replaced as below :) 

 

The complete material/items shall be delivered, installed and integrated in full 
within 12 weeks from the date of intimation of readiness of site by NHPC. NHPC 
shall provide site readiness within 02 weeks from the date of issue of LOA 
(Clause no.1.3 of SoW). 
 

4. PRICES, TAXES AND DUTIES: 
 

The Prices shall be Firm and on F.O.R destination basis i.e. NHPC Corporate 
Office, Sector-33, Faridabad, Haryana inclusive of charges for packing, handling, 
forwarding, transportation, insurance and all applicable taxes & duties, including 
those assessed on the Employer.   
  

4.1 Further, the Contract unit rates shall also be after taking into account the Input 
Tax Credit and other benefits.  
 

4.2 Taxes, duties and levies, as applicable twenty eight (28) days prior to deadline 
for submission of bids (Including on Transportation), shall be mentioned  in Price 
Bid i.e. ‘Schedule of Quantities and Prices’, and paid accordingly. 
 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

4.3 All taxes & duties mentioned in the price Bid as per clause 4.2 above shall be 
paid/ reimbursed against proper invoice as per rules and other relevant 
documents, if any and restricted to the total amount of Taxes Duties in Price Bid 
subject to clause 4.4 below. No other taxes and duties shall be payable/ 
reimbursable by NHPC.  
 

TDS wherever statutorily required under any Tax Act / Rule shall be deducted 
and deposited and necessary certificate will be provided by the Employer. 
 

4.4 Statutory variation, in Taxes and Duties or levy of any new Tax after 28 (Twenty 
Eight) days prior to deadline for submission of bid will be adjusted/ reimbursed 
against production of documentary evidence. 
 

4.5 Invoices and other documents submitted by contractor for payment under Interim 
Payment Certificate/Final Payment Certificate or any other payment under the 
contract shall be in accordance with the GST Law. 
 

The contractor shall furnish a certificate along with Interim Payment 
Certificate/Final payment certificate that GST payable by him has been 
deposited / will be deposited to the Govt. Treasury.  

 

4.6 The applicable GST on LD/Encashment/Adjustment of PBG & EMD in the nature 
of penalty, if any shall be on the account of Contractor/ Bidder and same shall be 
recovered from Contractor/Bidder. 

     

5. TECHNICAL COMPLIANCE: 
 Installation of all components/items shall conform to the minimum technical 

specifications enclosed.  
 Firmware and Operating systems of all the items supplied should be as per 

technical specifications or latest. 
 

6. WARRANTY & ONSITE SUPPORT: 
(GCC Clause no. 51.1 is deleted and replaced as below :) 

 

Successful bidder shall provide on-site comprehensive warranty and on-site 
support for trouble free operation of whole system for at least three(03) year for 
individual components (Hardware/ Software) after completion of 
work/commissioning of the complete system  (ref. clause 3.0 above). During this 
period, it will be the responsibility of Successful bidder to provide all supplies and 
spares necessary for the maintenance of the system. Successful bidder shall also 
transfer warranty in totality offered by the OEM to NHPC.  

Warranty shall include following: 

a) Onsite/Online Monitoring: -  Successful bidder shall monitor the ‘Complete 
Integrated Rack Infrastructure’ onsite/ online to ensure desired quality of service 
and uptime (Clause no.2 of SOW). 
 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

b) Preventive Maintenance:-. As per Clause no.2.1 of Scope of Work. In case 
of failure of Preventive Maintenance as per said Clause, recovery shall be made 
as per SCC Clause 10 - Liquidated Damages. 
 

c) Breakdown maintenance: - In case of breakdown of system, fault occurs in 
any component/ item, the same shall be rectified/ replaced within 24 Hrs. from the 
time of intimation by NHPC (through email/ fax or any other communication 
media). In case of delay in rectification / restoration of item beyond 24 Hrs. the 
recovery shall be made as per SCC Clause 10, Liquidated Damages. 
Dismantling/ servicing/ transportation and re-installation etc. during breakdown 
maintenance shall be successful bidder’s responsibility. 

 

7. PERFORMANCE BANK GUARANTEE  
 

As per Clause no. 4 of General Conditions of Contract (Section-I).  
 

8. INSPECTION & TESTING: 
(GCC Clause no. 32.0 is deleted and replaced as below :) 
  

(i) Physical Inspection of material as per BOQ of Letter of Award shall be carried 
out by the authorized representative of Engineer-in-charge at the time of 
receipt of material at site.  

(ii) The technical inspection of all items as per Detail Technical Specification shall 
be carried out by the authorized representative of Engineer-in-charge during 
installation & commissioning of material as per LOA. 

 

9. PAYMENT TERMS:  
(GCC Clause no. 41.1 is deleted and replaced as below :) 

(a) Payment of 70% of charges for supply of the material (item 1 to 7 of Schedule 
of Quantity) including 100% taxes, duties and levies, if any, against 
documentary evidence, shall be released only after receipt of material at 
NHPC Office, Faridabad on submission of the following documents:- 

 Invoice in triplicate. 
 Warranty Certificate. 
 Delivery Challan. 
 Acceptance of Performance Bank Guarantee. 
 Inspection report as per 8.0(i) above 

(b) The 10% of the supply of material and 100% of Installation and 
commissioning charges (item 8 of Schedule of Quantity) including taxes shall 
be released after submission of following: - 

  

 Certification from Engineer-in-charge of IT&C Division regarding 
successful completion of work (ref. clause 1.0 of Scope of Work). 

 Inspection report as per 8.0(ii) above. 
 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

(c) Balance 20% payment of the supply of material shall be released in 6 equal 
instalments in arrears during the subsequent period of 3 years on submission 
of following: 

 

(i) Certificate of satisfactory performance from Engineer-in-Charge and 
preventive maintenance reports as per clause no. 6 (b) of SCC. 
 

(ii) Certificate from Engineer in Charge that the Successful bidder had 
rectified/replaced the faulty component/ item within 24 Hrs. from the time 
of intimation by NHPC as per clause no. 6 (c) of SCC, if any. 

 

In case of MSE: 

 All the payments for the supplies and services rendered by MSEs (Micro & 
Small Enterprises) Supplier/ Contractor under the Contract shall be 
released within forty five (45) days from the day of acceptance*. 

 In case, payment are not released as mentioned above, NHPC shall pay the 
principal amount plus compound interest with monthly rests from the date of 
immediately following the date agreed upon @ three times of bank rates as 
notified by Reserve Bank of India from time to time. 

In case of non-MSE: 

 All the payments for the supplies and/ or services [as applicable] rendered 
by non-MSEs (non-Micro & Small Enterprises) Supplier/ Contractor under 
the Contract shall be released within forty five (45)  days from the receipt of 

invoice/ bills from the Contractor/ Supplier complete in all respect. 

In case, payment are not released as mentioned above, NHPC shall pay the 
principal amount plus simple interest from the date immediately following 
the date agreed upon @ 8% (eight percent) per annum. 

* Day of Acceptance means - day of the actual delivery of goods or the 
rendering of services; where any objection is made in writing by the buyer 
regarding acceptance of goods or services within fifteen (15) days from the date 
of delivery of the goods or the rendering of  services, the day on which such 
objection is removed by the Supplier 
 

10. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES: 
(GCC Clause no. 18.0 is deleted and replaced as below :) 
 

10.1 (i) During Supply and Installation: 

a) If the Successful bidder fails to complete the Supply, installation, testing & 
commissioning of the scope of work or any part thereof within the prescribed 
time for completion under Clause 3.0, the Successful bidder shall pay to the 
Purchaser or shall be deducted from bill, liquidated damages equal to the 
amount computed @ ½ (half) percent per week or part thereof of the contract 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

value. The aggregate amount of such Liquidated damages shall in no case 
exceed 10% of the total contract value.  
 

(ii) During Warranty/Support period: 

b) In case of half yearly up-time of complete Integrated Rack Infrastructure 
falling below 99.9%, an LD of Rs. 2,500/- per hour downtime or part thereof 
shall be deducted from balance 20% of supply of material. 

c) In case the preventive maintenance is not done as per Clause 6(b) of SCC, 
an LD of Rs. 20,000/- per quarter shall be deducted from balance 20% of 
supply of material.  

d) In case of delay in rectification / restoration of individual item beyond 24 Hrs. 
as per Clause 6.0 (c) of SCC, the recovery shall be made @Rs5000/- per day 
from balance 20% of supply of material. 

e) The upper limit of recovery/LD during warranty and support period (b, c & d 
above) shall be as per actual charges being released for the half year (c of 
payment terms 9.0 above). 
 

10.2  Any GST liability on account of Liquidated damages shall be borne by the 
Contractor. 

11. DOCUMENTATION:   

The successful bidder shall supply OEM manuals and documentations related to 
the product(s) supplied. 
 

12. ENGINEER-IN-CHARGE: 
 

GM (IT), IT & C Division, Corporate Office, NHPC Ltd. Sector-33, Faridabad – 
121003 (Haryana) or his authorized representative, shall act and represent 
NHPC at all time during the currency for order. 
 

13. CONSIGNEE: 
DGM (IT), IT & C (Store), NHPC Ltd. Sector-33, Faridabad – 121 003 (Haryana), 
or his authorized representative shall be the Consignee. 
 

14. PAYING AUTHORITY: 
GM (Fin- Misc. Bills), Finance Division, NHPC Ltd. Sector-33, Faridabad 
 

15. SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTE: 
 

15.1 The Employer and the Contractor shall make every effort to resolve amicably by 
direct informal negotiation any disagreement or dispute arising between them 
under or in connection with the Contract.  

15.2 If, after twenty-eight (28) days, the parties have failed to resolve their dispute or 
difference by such mutual consultation, then either the Purchaser or the 
Contractor may give notice to the other party of its intention to commence 
arbitration, as hereinafter provided, as to the matter in dispute, and no arbitration 
in respect of this matter may be commenced unless such notice is given.  



SECTION‐II 

 
 

  Any dispute or difference whatsoever arising between the parties and of or 
relating to the construction, interpretation, application, meaning, scope, operation 
or effect of this Contract or the validity or the breach thereof, shall be settled by 
arbitration in accordance with International Centre for Alternate Dispute 
Resolution (ICADR), New Delhi.   

The cost and expenses of Arbitration proceedings will be borne by each party as 
per terms of the named Institution in the Contract. The seat for arbitration shall be 
New Delhi. However, the expenses incurred by each party in connection with the 
preparation, presentation etc. of its proceedings shall be borne by each party itself. 

Performance under the Contract shall continue during the arbitration proceedings 
and payments due to the Contractor by the owners shall not be withheld, unless 
they are the subject matter of the arbitration proceedings. 

The Arbitral Tribunal shall give a written reasoned Award and the final award by a 
majority of Arbitrators rendered in writing shall be binding upon the parties.  

Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 or any statutory amendment or re-
enactment thereof and the rules made thereunder and for time being in force 
shall apply to the arbitration proceedings under this clause. 

In case of Contract with another Public Sector Enterprises and Central 
Government Departments(s) following Arbitration clause shall be applicable: 

Any dispute in respect of which the Engineer In-Charge’s decision (if any) has not 
become final and binding shall be finally settled in terms of Office Memorandum F 
No. 4 (1)/2013-DPE(PMA)/FTS/1835 dated 11.04.2017 of the DPE or as 
amended from time to time. Unless otherwise agreed by both Parties. 

In the event of any dispute or difference relating to the interpretation and 
application, of the provisions of the contracts, such dispute or difference shall be 
referred by either party for Arbitration to the sole Arbitrator in the Department of 
Public Enterprises to be nominated by the Secretary to the Government of India 
in-charge of the Department of Public Enterprises. The Arbitration and 
Conciliation Act, 1996 and The Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 2015 shall not be 
applicable to the arbitration under this clause. The award of the Arbitrator shall be 
binding upon the parties to the dispute, provided, however, any party aggrieved 
by such award may make a further reference for setting aside or revision of the 
award to the Law-Secretary, Department of Legal Affairs, Ministry of Law  & 
Justice, Government of India. Upon such reference the dispute shall be decided 
by the Law-Secretary or the Special Secretary/ Additional Secretary, when so 
authorised by the Law-Secretary, whose decision shall bind the Parties finally 
and conclusively. The Parties to the dispute will share equally the cost of 
arbitration as intimated by the Arbitrator. 

15.3 Notwithstanding any reference to the Arbitration herein, 

(a) the parties  shall  continue  to  perform  their  respective obligations under 
the Contract unless they otherwise agree  



SECTION‐II 

 
 

(b) the Employer shall pay to the Contractor any money due to the Contractor. 
 

16. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE: 
In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between the conditions/ sections of 
Contract Document, the order of preference shall be the order in which the 
conditions/ sections listed below: 

i) Letter of Award and Schedule of Quantities & Prices 

ii) Special Conditions of Contract 

iii) Detailed Technical Specifications 

iv) General Conditions of Contract 

v) Any other Document 
 

17. Social Accountability 8000 Compliance: 
 

           The Contractor shall comply with all the requirements of SA 8000:2001 and 
maintain appropriate records in support thereof, and produce for inspection by 
NHPC representatives as and when called for. 

18. NHPC’s Bank Details for preparation of Bank Guarantees: 

Bank Account No. 00000010813608692 

Beneficiary Name NHPC Limited 

Credit Bank  State Bank of India 

IFSC SBIN0009996 

Branch Address Corporate Accounts Group Branch, Jawahar Vyapar 
Bhawan, Tolstoy Marg, New Delhi-110001 

 

19. The GSTIN along with relevant details for NHPC Limited has been indicated 
below for your ready reference. 

Name of Project/Unit : Corporate Office, NHPC Limited 

Address of Principal place of business/ 

Additional place of business 
:

Sector-33, Faridabad 

State : Haryana 

State Code : HR 

GSTIN : 06AAACN0149C1Z3 

Principal place of business for the purpose 
of GST 

: Sector-33, Faridabad  

 

 

 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

ANNEXURE-A of SECTION-II (SCC) 

 

SCOPE OF WORK (SOW) 
 

General: 

NHPC intends to develop a Server Rack Infrastructure at its Corporate Office in 
Faridabad which will be primarily used for running and maintaining of various IT 
applications being used for own purposes. This facility is being proposed on the 
space earmarked on the second floor of the Neer Shakti Sadan of NHPC Office 
Complex. The facility shall be developed for 10 integrated racks.  

1. The overall Scope of Work (SOW)  

The overall Scope of Work (SoW) for the successful bidder includes the following. 

 Supply, installation and setting up of the necessary Infrastructure (Integrated 
Racks, UPS, Precision Air-Conditioning System,  Access Control, Rodent 
Management,  Fire Detection and Suppression System, Power & Network 
Cabling etc.) as per Bill of Quantity and their respective Minimum Technical 
Specifications.  

 Three (3) year comprehensive warranty and on-site support of all the 
equipments and components supplied in setting up the infrastructure in the 
proposed Server room from the date of commissioning. 

 

The successful Bidder shall build NHPC Server room & maintain the same for a 
period of 3 years from the date of successful completion of supply, erection, 
installation, commissioning and Final Acceptance Test. 

 

1.1 Scope of Supply and Installation: 

 The Scope of work includes supply, delivery at site, unloading, handling, 
proper storage at site, installation, testing and commissioning at site of 
intelligent integrated Data Centre Rack infrastructure as detailed in the 
specifications, complete with all accessories required for efficient and trouble 
free operations and the Detailed Specification of the Intelligent Integrated 
Data Centre shall adhere to TIA-942 standard. 

 The detail specifications of the intelligent integrated Rack infrastructure shall 
be in adherence to Data Centre guidelines & thus shall be composed of 
redundant power and cooling Units. 

 The Intelligent Integrated Rack Infrastructure shall include redundant UPS 
and precision air conditioning; environmental controls (e.g. fire detection and 
suppression, Water leak detection, humidity sensor etc.), security devices, 
monitoring & alert devices etc. Precision Air-conditioning system will have 
N+1 topology and UPS will have N+N topology. 

 The Intelligent integrated rack infrastructure shall be having foot print 
approximately 18 Sq. Mtr. having 10 nos. of Racks for housing IT equipments. 

 The Intelligent integrated rack infrastructure shall provide single point of 
service. 

 Scope of work also includes various Electrical erection works like laying of 
electrical cable for raw power input, laying of network cables, battery bank 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

installation, cooling outdoor unit installation and piping, cable tray installation 
etc. 

 All the installation works shall be carried out as per OEM guidelines and 
prevailing best practices. 

 Precision cooling system of 40 KW capacity in N+1 configuration. Cooling 
system shall maintain integrated rack temperature at 22+/- 1˚C.  Cooling 
system should be of variable capacity with automatic adjustment of cooling as 
per IT equipment load.  

 Mounting structure for outdoor cooling units shall be fabricated & 
commissioned by the successful bidder. 

 IT equipment load per rack is to be considered as 4 KW. 

 Integrated rack infrastructure shall have integrated cooling, VESDA, rodent 
repellent, Fire suppression, biometric access control system, intelligent rack 
PDU, IP based monitoring system, water leakage detection system, electrical 
panels for power distribution. 

 Monitoring system shall provide various alarms based on environmental 
conditions, rack door position, CCTV camera motion detection and server 
room’s emergency exit door position. 

 Thermal containment and insulation of the integrated racks should be proper 
to avoid any cooling loss. 

 There should be provision for addition of racks in integrated rack 
infrastructure in future. 

 UPS and Cooling Unit & their accessories should confirm to the specifications 
of respective OEM’s. 

 Electrical Cables for input connection of UPS and cooling units, cables for 
UPS output/ rack input shall be of requisite size and make as recommended 
by Integrated Rack/ UPS OEM. 

 Mounting frame for UPS batteries as per site conditions shall be provided by 
the bidder. 

 Successful bidder shall lay 02 nos. optical fibre trunk cables MPO-MPO (400 
mtr length) between old building basement server room or any other 
appropriate location and New building 2nd floor server room in HDPE pipe. 
Road cutting, digging etc. as required shall be done by the successful bidder 
and NHPC site shall be restored as per original after completion of work. 

 Audio/ Visual Alarms from Fire alarm panel for battery room as well as 
Integrated Racks shall have to be extended up to NHPC building BMS room 
on basement (-1) of Neer Shakti Sadan. 

 Successful bidder shall dismantle, shift all the IT equipments (Server, Switch 
etc.) installed in old building basement server room and install the same in 
new server room as per directions of Engineer-In-Charge. 

 Successful bidder shall take due care for safe shifting and reinstallation of the 
equipments and in case of any damage to the equipment due to mis-handling 
or negligence, successful bidder shall repair/ replace the equipment with 
same or higher configuration equipment at his own cost as directed by 
Engineer-In-Charge. 

 Earthing copper strip shall be laid up to server room through existing 
raceway/shaft/ wall with proper clamping arrangement. 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

 Earth pit shall be covered with RCC cover and site shall be leveled properly. 

 All electrical cables, pipes, network cables etc. shall be laid in conduits with 
proper clamping arrangements, properly terminated using terminal blocks/ 
thimbles and clearly marked at both the ends. 

 All cables, connectors, fixtures and other essential accessories which are 
required for complete installation/ commissioning of the system are to be 
supplied by the successful bidder as per Technical Specifications and layouts. 
Any additional component/ interface cable/ convertor/ accessory etc. not 
mentioned in the Schedule of Quantity, if required for making the system fully 
operational for intended use shall be supplied by the successful bidder 
without any additional cost. 

 All the items are to be installed aesthetically on ceiling/ wall and racks as 
applicable. 

 Any other work related to dressing like crimping, punching, shifting/relocation 
etc. which is not specified in scope of work and required during the execution 
of the work shall be done by successful bidder without any additional cost. 

 Putting number strip on Jack Panel, LIU and marker ties with numbering at 
both ends of patch cord in sequential manner is to be done (dressing & 
cabling with labels). 

 The successful bidder shall provide labor and material for installation of the 
above. 

 After installation, NHPC site shall be restored as per original. 
 

1.2 Critical Components 

 Racks 
 Cooling system 
 UPS system 
 Rack PDU 

 

1.3 Readiness of Site  

NHPC shall provide the server room with required floor strengthening, false 
ceiling, partition for battery room, comfort cooling for server and battery room, 
lighting in the rooms, space for earth pits and outdoor units, shaft for laying of 
cooling pipes.  

Raw power connection has to be drawn by successful bidder from adjacent 
electrical room. Connection has to be taken from Schneider I-LINE busbar 
trunking system installed in Electrical room.  

The provision of basic resources like water, electricity etc for installation/ 
integration of the system shall be the responsibility of NHPC. 
 

1.4 Testing and Commissioning 

Commissioning shall involve the completion of the supply and installation of the 
required components and making the server room available to NHPC for carrying 
out live Operations and getting the acceptance of the same from the NHPC. 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

Testing and Commissioning shall be carried out before the commencement of 
Operations. 

 It should be noted that the successful bidder has to arrange all the 
necessary equipments / tools / other resources / manpower etc., which are 
required for carrying out such testing by the NHPC. Cost of such items 
shall be borne by the successful bidder itself.  

 All the features, operation of various equipments shall be tested for at least 
15 days. Successful bidder shall demonstrate the various features and 
tests as per OEM documentation. 
 

1.5  Documentation 

The successful bidder should provide documentation, which follows the 
ITIL/ISO20000 (Information Technology Infrastructure Library / ITSM) standards. 
This documentation should be submitted as the project undergoes various stages 
of implementation. 

Indicative list of documents include: 

• Project Commencement:  Project Plan in giving out micro level activities with 
milestones & deadlines 

• Delivery of Material: Original Manuals from OEMs. 

• Training:  Training Material will be provided which will include the 
presentations/demo used for trainings and also the required relevant 
documents for the topics being covered. 

• Process documentation:  The successful bidder shall be responsible for 
preparing process documentation related to the operation and maintenance of 
each and every component of the server room. The prepared process 
document shall be formally signed off by NHPC before completion of final 
acceptance test.  

- The successful bidder shall document all the installation and 
commissioning procedures and provide the same to the NHPC within one 
week of the commissioning of server room.   

- The successful bidder shall submit a complete set of Floor Layout 
Drawings, Monitoring System components, Single Line diagram, a 
complete cabling system layout (as installed), including cable routing, 
telecommunication closets and telecommunication outlet/ connector 
designations etc. The layout shall detail locations of all components and 
indicate all wiring pathways. 

- The successful bidder shall be responsible for documenting configuration 
of all devices and keeping back up of all configuration files, so as to 
enable quick recovery in case of failure of devices. 
 

• Statutory Certificates/permission:  The successful bidder shall obtain on 
behalf of NHPC, all the requisite statutory certifications/permissions, if any, for 
the installation and commissioning of the ‘Intelligent Integrated Rack 
Infrastructure. 



SECTION‐II 

 
 

2. Onsite support & Maintenance and LD:  

Successful bidder shall provide comprehensive warranty and on-site support for 
all the components supplied under this contract for a period mentioned in scope 
of work. Successful bidder shall ensure 99.9% uptime (calculated half yearly) of 
‘complete Integrated Rack Infrastructure’. Spares and consumables (including 
UPS batteries) as required for ensuring 99.9% availability shall be arranged by 
the successful bidder. In case of failure in maintaining 99.9% availability 
liquidated damages shall be deducted as per Cluase-10 of SCC.  

   

2.1  Maintenance Activities  
 

The successful bidder has to carry out the Preventive & Reactive maintenance of 
complete Integrated Rack infrastructure/ components. This includes carrying out 
the necessary repairs  and replacement of parts wherever needed. Such 
preventive maintenance shall not be carried out during the normal office Hours 
(i.e. 9am to 6pm on weekdays) of NHPC operations. The successful bidder 
needs to maintain the Log Book for such preventive and reactive maintenance 
activities. For Scheduled and Preventive Maintenance by the successful bidder 
for the Hardware /or Software /or Active /or Passive shall be done with prior 
written intimation to NHPC at least 72 hours in advance and undertake the 
activity with written consent of NHPC. Preventive Maintenance should be carried 
out at least once in every quarter, which includes minimum:  

i.    Checking for any loose contacts in the cables & connections for the respective 
infrastructure and equipment. 

ii.    Run diagnostics tests on respective infrastructure and equipment. 

iii. Ensuring that firmware/software of various components of integrated rack 
infrastructure are latest/up to date. 

iv. Cleaning and removal of dust and dirt from the interior and exterior of the 
equipment. 

v.    Ensuring that wiring is done as per the standard. 

vi. Ensuring that wiring diagrams are updated, whenever there are modifications. 

vii. Ensuring the management of rack space as needed. 

viii. Ensuring that all Software, Tools (CD / DVD), OEM Documentation 
(Knowledge base), NHPC documentation (with Manuals), disks and other 
media are kept properly labelled and organized in Catalogue. 

ix. Carrying out and verifying back-ups consistency on regular interval. 

x.    Checking and listing all wear and tear of the equipment and site environment. 

xi. Ensuring no flammable material is present. 

xii. Clearing up of any unnecessary items or Spares. 

xiii. Configuration of intelligent integrated Data Centre Rack infrastructure and 
associated system, and fine tuning of various parameters for optimum 
performance of the system from time to time. 

xiv. Any other assistance/work/activity required for smooth operation of intelligent 
integrated Data Centre Rack infrastructure and associated system. 



SECTION‐III 

 
 

TECHNICAL COMPLIANCE SHEET 

MINIMUM TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

Schedule: A - Integrated Rack Infrastructure 

Schedule Description of Item 
Offered Make 

& Model 
Compliance 

(Y/N) 

Schedule‐A  Integrated Rack Infrastructure

1. General Requirements: 

i 

Integrated Rack Data Centre Solution suitable for 40 KVA IT load 
distributed in 8 Server Racks & 2 Network Racks Integrated with 
Suitable redundant Cooling units, Fire detection & Suppression and  
Monitoring system. Integrated Rack infrastructure of 10 racks should 
have footprint of maximum 9.2m x 2m. 

 

ii 

Integrated racks, precision cooling units, monitoring 
system and rack PDU should be from single OEM, who 
shall be responsible for overall design and optimum 
functioning of integrated rack infrastructure including UPS. 
A certificate/ undertaking in this regard shall be submitted 
from OEM. 

 

iii 

The detail specifications of the intelligent integrated/inbuilt 
infrastructure, standalone system shall be in adherence to standard 
Data Centre guidelines thus shall be composed of multiple active 
power and cooling distribution paths.    

 

iv 

Solution should be modular and scalable. All the critical components 
should have redundancy. It shall include internal environmental 
controls, fire detection & suppression, water leak detection, 
temperature, humidity sensors and security devices. 

 

2 Precision Cooling System: 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i 
Cooling System should be DX (Variable) type In-Row closed loop 
precision cooling system of 40 kW capacity with N+1 redundancy of 
cooling units. 

 

ii  Inbuilt Humidifier to cater IT load up to 40kW  

iii Cooling system must provide rated cooling load at 45˚ C Ambient 
temperature 

 

iv 

Cooling sytem should be designed for high sensible heat ratio with 
variable cooling technique to match the low latent load of system and 
should provide effective and uniform distribution of cooling from 1U to 
42U. 

 

v 
Each compressor should be equipped with preset hogh and low 
pressure switches for protection against high condensing and low 
evaporating temperatures. 

 

vi Cooling units shall utilize R410a cooling medium.  

vii Power cable for cooling outdoor unit shall be OEM recommended 
cable of requisite size & length. 

 



SECTION‐III 

 
 

viii Each cooling unit should have EC direct drive fan modules.  

ix 
The cooling units should be powder painted with insulation and 
protection against corrosion. The unit should be front and rear 
accessible for maintenance. 

 

x 
The microprocessor based controllers for cooling units should be 
networked for optimum performance with monitoring of rack 
temperature. 

 

xi The controller should have ability to be monitored over LAN through 
SNMP or HTTP capabilities. 

 

xii 
The cooling system should have condenser and humidifier complete 
with water inlet valve. 

 

xiii 
Insulated refrigerant piping with stand and accessories from indoor 
unit to outdoor unit on roof (piping length approx 30mtr/unit) 

 

3 Integrated Racks 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i 
42U size 600mm  Server Rack with front glass door with comfort 
handle, lock insert, Top cover with cutout with cover plate for cable 
entry. 

 

ii 
42U size 800mm Network Rack with front glass door with comfort 
handle, lock insert, Top cover with cutout with cover plate for cable 
entry. 

 

iii 42U racks should have load carrying capacity up to 1000 Kgs.  

iv 
The hot and cold aisle containment shall be part of integrated rack 
infrastructure and should be of same OEM. 

 

v Blanking panels for 70% rack space.  

vi 
Horizontal & vertical cable management system on front and back 
sides of integrated rack infrastructure. Plastic duct for cable routing 
between racks. 

 

vii Thermal shielding & insulation for integrated rack infrastructure.  

viii 
Biometric access control system for integrated rack infrastructure front 
doors. 

 

ix LED lights for integrated racks.  

x Earth Rail and straps for integrated rack infrastructure.  

xi 
Automatic rear door opening/ ventilation system operation in case of 
high temperature. 

 

4 Power Distribution System 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i 
Intelligent rack PDU 32A, 230V with PDU level monitoring with 18 nos. 
IEC C13, 4 nos. IEC C19 sockets with power cord plug and socket for 
PDU input. 

 

ii 
2 nos. 5x15 Amp Indian socket PDU, with power cord, plug and socket 
for PDU input. 

 

 



SECTION‐III 

 
 

5 Raw Power Distribution Panel 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i 
Raw Power Distribution panel should have provision for distribution of 
electrical power to UPS, cooling units as per OEM design with spare 
MCBs. 

 

ii Busbar should be copper busbar  

iii Power rating should be designed considering the load of equipments.  

iv 
Complete single line diagram should be got approved from Engineer-
In-Charge before start of work. 

 

6 Fire Detection and Suppression System 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i 
Integrated rack solution should have integrated fire detection, VESDA 
system and suppression system. 

 

ii 
Fire suppression agent shall be Novec 1230 gas as per NFPA 2001 
guidelines. 

 

iii 
The entire enclosed volume of the rack containment should be 
protected with fire detection and suppression system. 

 

7 Access Control System 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i 
Biometric access control system shall be deployed for access of 
integrated rack infrastructure to authorized persons only. 

 

ii Record, report and archive each and every activity with log formats.  

iii 
Fail safe operation in case of no-power condition and abnormal 
conditions such as fire, loss of access control etc. 

 

iv 
4 nos. full HD CCTV cameras, cameras should support motion 
detection. 

 

v 4 channel DVR (1 TB hard disk space) for recording.  

8 Environmental Controls 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i Very Early Smoke detectors for integrated racks.  

ii Water leak detection system for integrated racks.  

iii Temperature/ Humidity sensor  

iv Door sensor  

v Alarm Beacon  

vi Rodent Repellant system for integrated rack infrastructure  
 

 



SECTION‐III 

 
 

9 Monitoring System 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i 
Integrated rack infrastructure shall have IP based monitoring system 
for all the rack parameters with sensors and notification system. 

 

ii 
Email and SMS alert notifications based on preset parameters 
(including GSM modem) 

 

iii 

The system shall continuously collects critical information from 
network connected devices such as UPS system, Cooling Units , 
temperature & humidity sensors, Door sensors, Water Leak sensor 
and other dry contact monitoring. 

 

10 Installation 

i 
The entire system shall be installed and commissioned as per OEM 
recommendations & instructions including all interconnections for 
supply and control circuit. 

 

 

 
 

Schedule: B - 40 KVA UPS 

Schedule Description of Item 
Offered Make 

& Model 
Compliance 

(Y/N) 

Schedule B  40 KVA UPS     

S.N.  Description 
Compliance 

(Y/N) 

i 
Design, Installation, testing and commissioning of Rack/frame 
mountable 40 KVA UPS.  

ii 
UPS should be solid state Double Conversion IGBT based on-line 
UPS with >94% efficiency  

iii Input Voltage: 3 phase 415V AC  

iv Input Voltage range: 360V-478V AC  

v Input frequency range: 40 Hz to 70 Hz  

vi Input Power factor at full load >0.99  

vii Output Voltage: 415V (3-phase)/230V (1-phase)  

viii Output Voltage Regulation: <+/- 1%  

ix Output Voltage distortion: <2% THD for 100% linear loads  

x Output frequency: 50 Hz  

xi Pure sine wave output waveform  

xii Power factor: 0.9 lagging  

xiii Crest Factor: 3:1  

xiv Over load capacity: 125% for 5 minutes with automatic transfer to  



SECTION‐III 

 
 

bypass 

xv Should have static bypass facility.  

xvi 
Battery Bank:  12 V SMF battery bank for 15 minute backup on each 
UPS (each battery minimum 65 AH)  

xvii 
Battery Protection: Short circuit, over voltage, under voltage 
protection.  

xviii 
Mounting: Rack Mounting (Size Maximum 10U) shall be installed on 
Server rack. ( if UPS size is more than 10U, OEM rack/ mounting 
frame  should be supplied with UPS for mounting) 

 

xix Operating Temperature: 0 to 45 ˚ C  

xx Relative Humidity: 95%  

xxi Protection: IP 20  

xxii Monitoring: SNMP based  

xxiii 
UPS output distribution panel shall be provided for distribution of UPS 
power to Network, Server racks & other auxiliaries of integrated rack 
infrastructure 

 

xxiv 
Power cable for input of UPS shall be OEM recommended cable of 
requisite size and length  

xxv 
Power distribution to Network & Server racks shall be through 32A DP 
MCBs.  

xxvi 
Panel should at least 10% spare MCB's for each category (rating) of 
MCB.  

  

Schedule: C- Access Control System 

S.N. Description of Item 
Offered Make 

& Model 
Compliance 

(Y/N) 

Schedule: C  Access Control System

1 Biometric Access Control System:   

i Fingerprint based biometric system for physical access control.  

ii Access control system should support 2 access points (1 IN & 1 OUT)  

iii 
The software package shall download the biometric data (upto 1000 
users) to the access panel over the network and this information shall 
be stored on the panel. 

 

iv 

In case of communication failure between controller and access panel, 
minimum 1000 events should be stored in panels buffer. Upon 
restoration of communication all event data shall be automatically 
uploaded to the controller. 

 

2 Biometric Fingerprint Identification Reader

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i Biometric reader should store minimum 1000 templates.  

ii System should have fail safe operation in case of no power condition  



SECTION‐III 

 
 

and abnormal conditions such as fire, loss of access control etc. 

iii System should include IN and OUT controller for double leaf door.  

3 
Electromagnetic Lock for Double Leaf 
Door 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i Electromagnetic door closer for double leaf door (IN & OUT).  

ii 
Access control system should have provision of monitoring of 
Emergency Exit door with Alarm generation facility.  

4 Fire Rated Door 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance 
(Y/N) 

  

i Door size 1500 x 2100 mm  

ii 

Providing of 60 mm thick double leaf nonmetallic asbestos free, fire 
/smoke check door shutters of 2 hour fire rating, as per manufacturers 
specifications with overall size as per site requirement, including door 
frame of section 140 x 65mm made out of second class Hard wood of 
Density 650kg./cumtr ( Mirandy wood), and shutter comprising of 2 
nos. calcium silicate board each 12 mm thick, fixed overall hardwood 
internal frame of size 100 x 30mm including sandwiching 25-31mm 
thick fire resistant insulation filler faced with 3mm thick commercial ply 
on both the faces and Hard wood lipping all around the shutter with 
heat activated Intumescent fire seal strip of size 10 mm x 4 mm on all 
sides except bottom (for smoke sealing).including provision for 
hardwares , Stainless Steel Dead lock,  Door Closer (Heavy Duty), D-
type Pull Handle, SS Ball Bearing Hinges, fixing as approved. A glass 
vision panel (wired) 5 mm thick of size 200 x 300mm should be 
included. All shutters shall be mounted on door frames with the help of 
4 Nos stainless steel ball bearing hinges etc. including frame, painting 
etc. 

 

  

Schedule: D - Rodent Repellent System  

S.N. Description of item 
Offered Make 

& Model  Compliance 
(Y/N) 

1  Rodent Repellent System

i 
Rodent repellent system with compact, safe, environment friendly, 
non-irritating VHFO pest repellent units.  

ii It should be non-chemical non toxic device.  

iii VHFO frequency should be inaudible to humans.  

iv 
Microprocessor based console to generate a pattern of ultrasonic 
waves.  

2 Satellite Units 

Offered Make 
& Model 

Compliance
(Y/N) 

  

i It should support minimum 12 satellite units.  



SECTION‐III 

 
 

ii 
Satellite shall cover an open floor area of approximately 300 Sft and 
false ceiling area of approximately 150 Sft.  

  

 

Schedule: E - Fire Alarm System for Battery room  

S.N. Description of Item 
Offered Make 

& Model 
Compliance 

(Y/N) Schedule: E  Fire Alarm System for Battery Room

1 Fire Alarm System  

i Addressable or conventional Fire Alarm Panel with LCD display with 
communication port for BMS and synchronizing with Gas Suppression. 
The fire alarm control panel shall be microprocessor based using the 
multiple microprocessors throughout the system providing rapid 
processing of smoke detector and other initiation device information to 
control system output functions. 

 

2 
Analogous Addressable Photoelectric 
Type Multicriteria Detector with Base 

Offered Make 
& Model Compliance 

(Y/N) 
 

i The smoke detector shall be an intelligent digital photoelectric detector 
with a programmable heat detector.  Detectors shall be listed for use 
as open area protective coverage and shall be insensitive to air 
velocity changes. 

 

3 
Addressable Fire Alarm Sounder with 
Strobe 

Offered Make 
& Model Compliance 

(Y/N) 
 

i 
In case of fire, the fire alarm panel shall provide signal/alarm for 
operation of fire alarm sounders, Access control system, Building BMS 
etc. (total 8 devices). 

 

ii 
Audio/Visual alarm from fire alarm system shall be extended upto 
building BMS room on basement of office building.  

 

 

 

 

Schedule: F - Electrical Works 

S.N. Description 
Offered Make 

& Model 
Compliance 

(Y/N) Schedule: F  Electrical Works

1 Power Cables  

i 
All Power Cables shall be 1100 V grade, FRLS copper Conductor 
cables conforming to IS codes  

ii 
All equipments, materials and electrical system shall in general 
confirm to the latest edition of relevant national standards.  



SECTION‐III 

 
 

2 Cable Trays 

Offered Make 
& Model Compliance 

(Y/N) 
 

i 

Pre-fabricated GI MS cable Tray 300X40 mm, 1.6mm thickness with 
support arrangement and accessories shall be assembled & erected 
at site as per instructions of manufacturer. Cable trays shall be 
supported using anchor fasteners on wall/ceiling surfaces by suitable 
anchoring system having adequate load bearing capability. 

 

ii 
All tray runs shall be installed parallel to the trench/building walls and 
floors except otherwise required.  

iii 
As far as practicable, cable trays shall be supported from one side 
only in order to facilitate installation and maintenance of cables from 
the other side. 

 

iv 
The cable trays shall be supported in general at a span of 1.5 meters 
horizontally and at a distance of 1.0 meter vertically.  

v 
Sufficient spacing not less than 250 mm shall be provided between 
trays and maintained to permit adequate access for installing and 
maintaining the cables. 

 

vi 
Cable Tag & Marker: Each cable shall be tagged with numbers that 
appear in the cable schedule.  

3 Protective Earthing 

Offered Make 
& Model Compliance 

(Y/N) 
 

i 
Supply, installation & testing and commissioning of Chemical Earth 
pits of  FAST EARTH ELECTRODE-COPPER  with Chamber and 
cover. 

 

ii 
Earthing system shall be in accordance with IS: 3043-1966 Code of 
Practice for Earthing.  

iii 
Earthing shall be chemical copper earthing with copper strips upto 
server & battery room  

iv The resistance of each earth station should not exceed 1 ohm  

  

Schedule: G - Passive Cabling Works  

S.N. Description 
Offered Make 

& Model 
Compliance 

(Y/N) 

1  

Supply & Installation of Cat 6A 1U fully loaded Patch 
Panels for accommodating 24 port termination and 
shall  facilitate cross-connection and inter-
connection using modular patch cords and shall 
conform to EIA standard, 19-inch rack mounting 
requirements. Panel shall have label holders and 
designation labels as part of the standard device, 
complete with cable manager. 

 

 

2  
CAT6A Patch Panel shall have IDC Connectivity at 
rear end & RJ-45 jack on front panel. 

  

3  
CAT6A TIA UTP cable 4 pair, 23 AWG cable, UL 
verified. 

  



SECTION‐III 

 
 

4  

Optical fibre trunk cable MPO-MPO with 12 fibres 
fully loaded with MPO cassete, LIU and LC 
connectors. 
Type: The optical fiber cable used in construction of 
the optical fiber trunk cables shall contain 12 
9/125µm fibers
Standard: Trunk Assemblies should comply with the 
most recent revision of TIA/EIA-568-C.3 and 
ISO/IEC 11801 standards.
MPO cassettes shall house single-mode, 12-fiber 
break out assemblies.
Cassettes shall have 12 LC connectors on the front 
and One (12-fiber) MPO connections on the back.
 1U, 19 Inch Drawer Style rack mountable LIU with 
3/4 slots for MPO cassettes with mounting bracket. 

 

 

5  
Optical Fiber duplex patch cords shall comprise of 
Single Mode (9/125µm) LSZH Fiber 

  

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



S
m

a
rt R

o
w

F
u

tu
re

 S
m

a
rt R

o
w

D
o
o
r

W
in

d
o
w

B
a
tte

ry B
a

n
k 1

Battery Bank 2

S
E

R
V

E
R

 R
O

O
M

BATTERY ROOM

E
m

e
rg

e
n

cy
 E

xit

E
n
try

Viewing Glass

S
h

a
ft

S
h

a
ft

9
.2

m
 x 2

m

1
2

.2
0

m
 x 7

.5
0
m

2.40m x 7.25m

2m x1m

1
.5

0
m

1
.5

0
m

1
.5

0
m

L
A

Y
O

U
T

 O
F

 N
H

P
C

 S
E

R
V

E
R

 R
O

O
M

1
.0

0
 m

2
.0

0
 m

1
.5

0
 m

1
.0

0
 m

1
.1

0
 m



Name of the 

Bidder/ 

Bidding Firm / 

Company :

NUMBER # TEXT # NUMBER # TEXT # NUMBER # NUMBER TEXT NUMBER # NUMBER # TEXT #

Sl.

No.

Item Description Quantity Units BASIC RATE In 

Figures To be 

entered by the 

Bidder  in INR

Rate of 

applicable GST

In percentage 

(%)

Any Other 

Duties/Levie

s etc. per 

unit

 In INR

TOTAL AMOUNT  

Without Taxes

col (8) = (3) x (5)

 in INR

TOTAL AMOUNT  

With Taxes F.O.R. 

Corporate Office, 

NHPC Ltd., 

Faridabad

col (9) = [col (8) + 

{col (5) X col (6)/100 

+ col (7)} x col (3)] 

in INR

TOTAL AMOUNT In Words

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

1

(A) Integrated Racks : Integrated Racks Data Centre 
Infrastructure (suitable for 40 KVA IT load distributed in 8 
Server Racks & 2 Network Racks Integrated with Suitable 
redundant Inrow Cooling units, Fire detection & Suppression 
and  Monitoring) consisting of the following components 

(from sr. no. 1.01 to 1.24):

1.00 Lot 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

1.01
42U size 600mm  Server Rack with front glass door with 
comfort handle, lock insert, Top cover with cutout with cover 
plate for cable entry.- 8 Nos.

1.02
42U size 800mm  Network Rack with front glass door with 
comfort handle, lock insert, Top cover with cutout with cover 
plate for cable entry.- 2 Nos.

1.03
Raw Power Distribution panel for distribution of electrical 
power to UPS, cooling units etc.- 1No

1.04
Intelligent rack PDU 32A, 230V with PDU level monitoring 
with 18 nos. IEC C13, 4 nos. IEC C19 sockets with power 
cord, plug and socket for PDU input - 20 Nos.

1.05
2 nos. 5X15Amp Indian sockets PDU,  with power cord, plug 
and socket for PDU input - 20 Nos.

PRICE SCHEDULE

(DOMESTIC TENDERS - RATES ARE TO GIVEN IN RUPEES (INR) ONLY)

(This BOQ template must not be modified/replaced by the bidder and the same should be uploaded after filling the relevant columns, else the bidder is liable to be rejected for this tender. Bidders are allowed to enter the Bidder Name and Values 

only )

(The bidder has to quote the rates for all items/systems including the cost of 3 (three) year comprehensive warranty and on-site support)

Item Wise BoQ

Tender Inviting Authority: Chief Engineer (E), Contracts (E&M) Division-IV, 2nd Floor, Jyoti Sadan, NHPC Office Complex, Sector-33, Faridabad-121003 (Haryana)

Name of Work: Development of server room with integrated racks at 2nd floor of Neer Shakti Sadan, Corporate Office, Faridabad.

Contract No: NH/Conts(E&M)-IV/CO-38/PR10017/302/2018

Validate Print Help



1.06 Blanking panels for 70% rack space - 1 Lot

1.07
Horizontal & vertical cable management system for 
integrated rack infrastructure - 1 Lot

1.08
Redundant Precision Cooling Systems(40 KW) in n+1 
configuration Suitable for IT load with scroll compressor - 1 
Lot

1.09
Insulated refrigerant piping with stand and accessories from 
indoor unit to outdoor unit on roof (piping length approx 
30mtr/unit) - 1 Lot

1.10
Power cable for outdoor units of requisite size & length - 1 
Lot

1.11
Thermal shielding & insulation for integrated rack 
infrastructure - 1 Lot

1.12
Fire Detection system for integrated rack infrastructure - 1 
Lot

1.13
Novec 1230 gas fire suppression system for integrated rack 
infrastructure - 1 Lot

1.14
Rodent Repellent system for integrated rack infrastructure - 
1 Lot

1.15 VESDA system for integrated rack infrastructure - 1 Lot

1.16
Water leak detection system for integrated rack 
infrastructure - 1 Lot

1.17
Environment monitoring including humidity and temperature 
sensors for racks - 1 Lot

1.18
Biometric access control system for integrated rack 
infrastructure - 1 Lot

1.19
Email and SMS alert notifications (including GSM modem) - 
1 Lot

1.20 Beacon for audio alarms - 1 Lot

1.21
Full HD CCTV cameras with recording for integrated rack 
infrastructure - 4 Nos.

1.22 4 channel CCTV DVR with 1TB HDD for recording - 1 No.

1.23
Integrated IP based monitoring system for integrated rack 
infrastructure - 1 Lot

1.24
Earth Rail and straps for integrated rack infrastructure - 1 
Lot

2 (B) UPS System :

2.01

40 KVA capacity Rack/frame mounted continuous duty,
three-phase, solid-state, static Uninterruptible Power system
(UPS) with sealed maintenance free battery bank for 15
minutes backup complete with power cables of requisite
size & length for input connection and 40 KVA UPS output
power distribution units for electrical power distribution to
racks and other integrated auxiliaries of Integrated Rack
infrastructur

2.00 Nos 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

3 (C) Access Control System :

3.01
Microprocessor based  Access Controller with Door 
Controller with Power Supply & Battery Charger and 
network connectivity

1.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

3.02
Biometric fingerprint identification reader. Mountable unit
containing Biometric Fingerprint reader 2.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

3.03 Electromagnetic Lock for double leaf door 2.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only



3.04
2 hr fire rated double leaf door (1500x2100mm) complete
with handles, door closers , air seal, fire rated vision glass
etc.

1.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

4 (D) Rodent Repellent System :

4.01
Master Console capable of connecting to 12 Satellite units 
complete with all accessories 

1.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

4.02 Satellite Units 12.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

4.03 Connecting Cables with 20mm PVC conduit/casing caping 150.00 Mtr 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

5 (E) Fire Alarm System :

5.01 Fire Alarm Control Panel 1.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

5.02
Analogue Addressable Photoelectric type multicriteria
detector with base

10.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

5.03 Addressable Fire Alarm Sounder with Strobe 2.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

6 (F) Electrical Works :

6.01
4 Core 70 sqmm copper cable for mains connection from
Mains riser in adjacent electrical room

30.00 Mtr 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

6.02
Chemical Copper Earthings complete with copper strips up
to Server room

5.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

6.03
300 mm perforated cable tray for electrical cables
(300X40mm,1.6mm thickness)

50.00 Mtr 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

6.04
300 mm ladder type cable tray for network
cables(300X40mm,1.6mm thickness)

50.00 Mtr 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

7 (G) Network Works :

7.01
24 Port fully loaded CAT-6A Patch panels (1U size) with
cable manager

32.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

7.02
CAT-6 A UTP cable for interconnection between Server and
Network Racks (305m box)

10.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

7.03
Optical Fibre Trunk Cable - MPO-MPO Female, 12-fibre
single mode cable including MPO cassette and LIU with LC

2.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

7.04
Optical Fibre Trunk Cable - MPO-MPO Female, 12-fibre
single mode cable including MPO cassette and LIU with LC

2.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

7.05
Optical Fibre Trunk Cable - MPO-MPO Female, 12-fibre
single mode cable including MPO cassette and LIU with LC

2.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

7.06 7 ft length CAT-6A UTP patch cord 50.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only
7.07 1 ft length CAT-6A UTP patch cord 50.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only
7.08 3 mtr length LC-LC single mode fibre duplex patch cord 50.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only
7.09 3 mtr length LC-SC single mode fibre duplex patch cord 50.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only
7.10 3 mtr length SC-SC single mode fibre duplex patch cord 20.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

7.11
10 mtr length LC-LC single mode fibre duplex patch cord

10.00 Nos. 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

8 (H) Installation Works :

8.01
Installation and Commissioning charges for Complete
infrastructure including Smart Row, UPS, Cooling and other
associated works.

1.00 Lot 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

8.02

Dismantling, Shifting and Re-installation of existing IT
equipments (Servers/ Router/ Switches/ Firewalls etc) from
Jyoti Sadan(old building) server room to New Server room.

1.00 Lot 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

Total in Figures 0.00 0.00 INR Zero Only

Quoted Rate in Words INR Zero Only


	1. NIT
	2. SECTION_0_ITB
	3. SECTION_I_GCC
	4. SECTION_II_SCC
	5. SECTION_III_TS
	6. Drawing_Annexure_X
	7. BOQ_ItemWise_Template

