













































Revised Draft 9


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

1 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

E-Tender for rate contract for scanning & 
digitization of physical documents / records & 
preparation of metadata on behalf of various 

Govt. Departments.  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited. 
HARTRON BHAWAN 

BAYS No. 73-76, Sector 2, Panchkula – 134 109 
Phone 0172-2560073 

 
Email: - mdhartron@gmail.com, eofficeharyana@gmail.com  

 
Website: http://hartron.org.in, http://etenders.hry.nic.in 

 
 
 
 

(Volume-I, 01.06.19)

mailto:mdhartron@gmail.com
mailto:eofficeharyana@gmail.com
http://hartron.org.in/
http://etenders.hry.nic.in/


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

2 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
 

Index 
 

S# Particulars Page No. 

1.  Introduction & Important Information 3 

2.  Main Particulars of Tender 5 

3.  Instructions to Bidder on Electronic Tendering System 6 

4.  Online Transfer of Tender Document Fee & EMD: 7 

5.  Site, Scope & Objective  7 

6.  Eligibility Criteria of Bidder  8 

7.  Scope of the Project 12 

8.  Timelines for Completion of Job 20 

9.  Schedule of Tender 20 

10.  Procedure for Submission of Bid 21 

11.  Evaluation of Bid 22 

12.  Negotiations 24 

13.  Release of Order 24 

14.  General Terms & Conditions 25 

15.  Pre-Qualification cum Technical Bid Format  32 

16.  Commercial Bid Format 35 

17.  Bidder Acknowledgement Form (Annexure – 1) 37 

18.  Affidavit on not being Blacklist (Annexure – 2) 38 

19.  Statuary Undertaking (Annexure – 3) 40 

20.  Certificate of Conformity / No Deviation (Annexure-4) 41 

21.  Undertaking of Rates (Annexure – 5) 42 

22.  
Format for Relaxations to Haryana based Manufacturing Micro & 

Small Enterprises (MSEs) (Annexure – 6) 
43 

23.  
Format for Relaxations to Haryana based manufacturing Medium 

Enterprise (Annexure – 7) 
44 

24.  Format for Pre-bid Queries 45 

25.  Checklist of document to be enclosed with PQ cum Technical Bid  46 

 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

3 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
INTRODUCTION 

 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd. (Hartron) is a Haryana State Govt. 
undertaking and is a Nodal Agency of Govt. of Haryana for the promotion of Electronics & 
Information Technology in the State. The Corporation provides solutions to meet the specific IT 
related requirement of the various State Govt. Departments/Corporations/Boards and Agencies 
including U.T. Chandigarh and Punjab & Haryana High Court. The Corporation expertise includes 
preparation of DC, DR, Providing Network Solutions (Structured LAN, Wi-Fi Zone, Wi-Fi Hotspot 
etc.), Security, Development of application software, supply & installation of computer system & 
related peripherals and allied items, Digitization of Records, Modern Labs, Cyber Securities etc. as 
per customer requirement. As a part of the routine process, Hartron invites ebid for rate contract 
for scanning & digitization of physical documents / records & preparation of metadata on behalf of 
various Govt. Departments. 
 
Bidders are advised to study the tender document and terms & conditions carefully and completely. 
Submission of Bids shall be deemed to have been done after careful study of tender document and 
examination of terms & conditions with full understanding of its implications. 

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 

1. 
Tender Inviting Authority Designation  
and Address 

Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation 
Ltd., HARTRON Bhawan, Bays No. 73-76, Sector-2, 
Panchkula – 134109. Ph. 0172-2560073. 

2. 

a. Name of the Work 
Rate Contract for scanning & digitization of physical 
documents / records & preparation of metadata on 
behalf of various Govt. Departments. 

b. Tender reference E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

c. Online Tender ID As per eTender Portal  

d. Place of Execution Within Haryana & Chandigarh 

e. Publication of Tender document On various National newspapers on 03.06.2019 

f. Publication of Tender Notice & 
Tender Document on Website 

Tender Notice & Tender Document is available at 
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app 
from 03.00 AM onwards 03.06.2019 

g. Tender document availability for 
bidding 

Tender Notice & Tender Document is available at 
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app  
from 09.00 AM onwards 04.06.2019 

3. 

a. Approximate Project Cost Rs. 90.00 Lacs  

b. Processing Fee for Tender 

The Payment for Tender Document Fee is Rs.10,000/- 

(Rupees Ten Thousand Only) + 18% GST can be made 
by eligible bidders through Demand Draft / Bank 
Cheque / Pay Order  / Online in favour of Haryana 
State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 
payable at Panchkula (scanned copy of Demand Draft 
/ Bank Cheque / Pay Order / Online Payment Receipt 
is to be uploaded with PQ cum Technical e-bid). 

c. Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) 

The Payment for EMD of Rs.5,00,000/- (Rupees Five 
Lacs only) can be made by eligible bidders through 
Demand Draft / Bank Cheque / Pay Order / Online in 
favour of Haryana State Electronics Development 
Corporation Limited payable at Panchkula (scanned 
copy of Demand Draft / Bank Cheque / Pay Order / 
Online Payment Receipt is to be uploaded with PQ 
cum Technical e-bid) 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

4 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

4. 
Last date for receiving pre-bid queries / 
clarifications / suggestions through 
emails at below mentioned email IDs. 

 
10.06.2019 by 03.00 (15.00) PM  
(via mail in excel sheet as per provided format) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

5. Pre-bid conference                               

11.06.2019 at 03.00 (15.00) PM at Conference Room 
of HARTRON Bhawan, Panchkula. 
 
Note: - No queries / clarifications will be entertained 
after the Pre-bid conference. 

6. 

Email address for communication for any 
queries/clarifications/suggestions 

 mdhartron@gmail.com 

 eofficeharyana@gmail.com 

Response to vendor queries/release  of 
corrigendum (if required by Committee) 

Upto 14.06.2019 by 5.00 (17:00) PM 

7. 
Last date and time for submission of   e-
bid 

25.06.2019 by 2:30 (14:30) PM  

8. 
Tentative Date and Time for Opening 
of Technical Bids 

25.06.2019  at 4:30 (16:30) PM  

9. 
Tentative Date and Time for Opening of 
Commercial Bids 

To be intimated later on 

10. Validity of e-bids 
180 days from the date of opening of PQ cum Technical 
e-bids 

11. 
Validity of R/C after finalization from 
HPPC / Purchase Committee.  

1 year. 

12. 

Further for any clarification / queries during process for e-tendering, the bidders are requested 
to contact the at the following:- 
Tel: 0120-4200462, 0120-4001002, Mobile: 8826246593, E-Mail: support-eproc@nic.in, 
 
For support related to Haryana Tenders in addition to helpdesk you may contact at 0172-2700275 
and E-Mail: eproc.nichry@yahoo.com 

13. 

i. Eligibility Criteria: Please refer to Tender Document. 
ii. Two Bid System i.e. Stage-1 Prequalification cum Technical Bid; Stage-2 Commercial Bid.  

iii. Tenders received after due date and time will be summarily rejected. 
iv. The nomenclature of the language of the Annexure should not be changed. 
v. Bidder(s) will submit the hard copy of pre-qualification & technical bid as uploaded on Govt. 

of Haryana e-Procurement Portal within two working days after opening of pre-qualification 

cum technical bids. The hard copy must be submitted in the O/o AGM (Project-1), 4
th

 Floor, 
HARTRON Bhawan, Bays No. 73-76, Sector-2, Panchkula. 

vi. Final decision will be as per the description of Technical & Purchase Committee. 
vii. The Lowest bidder / Bidders will be called by the Purchase Committee for finalization of 

purchase as per purchase procedure / negogations procedure mentioned in the tender 
document.   

viii. Amendment of Tender Document: The amendments in any of the Terms and Conditions of 
this Tender Document shall be uploaded on https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app and all 
prospective bidders are advised to check websites from time to time for any updates. 

ix. Advice to the Bidders: Bidders are advised to study this tender document carefully before 
participating. It shall be deemed that submission of bid by the bidder have been done after 
their careful study and examination of the tender Document with full understanding to its 
implications. 

x. Period of Validity of Offer: Offer should remain valid for 180 days after the date of opening 
of the Pre-qualification cum technical bids as prescribed by HARTRON. An offer valid for a 
shorter period may be rejected by Hartron as non-responsive. 

xi. Language of the Bid Proposal: The Language of the bid proposal as prepared by the Bidders 
shall be English and all further correspondence and documents related to the bid proposal 
exchange with Hartron shall be English.  

Note: Bidders are advised to visit e-procurement portal i.e. https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app  
of Haryana Govt. on regular basis for updates/corrigendum issued by Hartron related to the 
tender.

mailto:support-eproc@nic.in
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

5 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
1. MAIN PARTICULARS OF TENDER 

i. The tender procedure and contract terms are prescribed in the tender document. In addition to 
the invitation of tender, the tender document includes the various other documents as given in 
the annexures. 
 

ii. The tenderer are expected to examine all instructions, terms & conditions, specifications, 
forms and formats etc as mentioned / enclosed in the tender document. Failure to furnish all 
information required in the tender document or submission of a tender not substantially 
responsive to the tender document in every respect will be at the tenderers risk and is likely to 
result in out-right rejection of the tender. 
 

iii. The Tendering Authority may ask the TENDERERS for additional information, documentation for 
clarification, visit to vendor site ask for technical presentation and/or arrange discussions with 
their professional, technical faculties to verify claims made in pre-qualification cum technical 
offer documentation. The request for a clarification and the response shall be in writing and no 
change in prices or substance of the bid shall be sought, offered or permitted. No relative 
positions will be given and the committee will decide only according to requirement and its 
fulfilment. If it is found that the documents submitted by the bidder are not compatible with 
the actual situation at site, or if the document supplied by the bidder are found to be 
fraudulent or misrepresenting the facts, it will render the bidder ineligible for further 
participation in the tender process. The decision of the Tender Committee in this regard is 
final and binding on the bidder. 
 

iv. The tenderer should not have been blacklisted or debarred by any Central/ State/ Public 
Agency from carrying out similar business during last three financial years. 
 

v. Eligibility Criteria: As per Tender Document. 
 

vi. Two Bid System i.e. Stage-1 Prequalification cum Technical Bid; Stage-2 Commercial Bid.  
 

vii. Any Bid not conforming to the Format, Annexures will be summarily rejected. 
 

viii. The nomenclature of language of Format & Annexures should not be changed. If changed, bid 

will be summarily rejected.   
 

ix. Bidder(s) will submit the hard copy of pre-qualification cum technical bid within one working 
day after opening of pre-qualification cum technical bids with all the required documents, 
Annexure, Offered Solution Details etc. with proper indexing, tagging & page numbering. 
 

x. HARTRON reserves right to visit (or conduct telephonic verification) bidder‟s customers site 
where such a similar project execution has taken place. 
 

xi. This tender document is not transferable.  
 

xii. Bidders are advised to study the document carefully. Submission of response shall be deemed 
to have been done after careful study and examination of the tender document with full 
understanding of its implications.  
 

xiii. The response to this tender document should be full and complete in all respects. Incomplete 
or partial responses are liable to be rejected.  
 

xiv. The bidder shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of the response, 
including cost of demonstration, benchmarking and presentation for the purposes of 
clarification of the bid. The Purchaser will in no case be responsible or liable for the costs 
incurred by the bidder, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the tendering process.  
 

xv. Further clarifications, corrigendum and any other information related to this tender will be 
available only at the e-tendering website i.e. https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app. Bidders 
are advised to visit e-procurement portal i.e. https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app  of 
Haryana Govt. on regular basis for updates/corrigendum issued by Hartron related to the 
tender.  

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

6 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
xvi. The Purchaser reserves the right to accept or reject any or all responses without assigning any 

reason.  
 

xvii. Proposals must be submitted well before the last date and time for submission of bids 
mentioned in the Document Control Sheet to avoid last minute problems on the portal due to 
internet access etc. The purchaser will not be responsible for any such problems faced by 
bidders on the last day. They must take the help of e-procurement staff for any uploading 
problems faced by them at least one day before the last day for submission of bids.  
 

xviii. Bidders shall submit their bids online through the e-Procurement portal of Govt. of Haryana 
i.e. https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app.  

 
 

2. INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDER ON ELECTRONIC TENDERING SYSTEM 

These conditions will over-rule the conditions stated in the tender documents, wherever relevant and 
applicable. 

I. Registration of bidders on eProcurement  Portal:- 
All the bidders intending to participate in the tenders processed online are required to get 
registered on the centralized e - Procurement Portal i.e. https://etenders.hry.nic.in. Please 
visit the website for more details. 

 
II. Obtaining a Digital Certificate:  

a. The Bids submitted online should be encrypted and signed electronically with a Digital 
Certificate    to establish the identity of the bidder bidding online. These Digital 
Certificates are issued by an Approved Certifying Authority, by the Controller of 
Certifying Authorities, Government of India. 

b. A Digital Certificate is issued upon receipt of mandatory identity (i.e. Applicant‟s PAN 
Card) and Address proofs and verification form duly attested by the Bank Manager / 
Post Master / Gazetted Officer. Only upon the receipt of the required documents, a 
digital certificate can be issued. For more details please visit the website – 
https://etenders.hry.nic.in. 

c. The bidders may obtain Class-II or III digital signature certificate from any Certifying 
Authority or Sub-certifying Authority authorized by the Controller of Certifying 
Authorities.  

d. Bid for a particular tender must be submitted online using the digital certificate      
(Encryption & Signing), which is used to encrypt and sign the data during of bid 
preparation stage.  In case, during the process of a particular tender, the user loses his 
digital certificate (due to virus attack, hardware problem, operating system or any 
other problem) he will not be able to submit the bid online. Hence, the users are 
advised to keep a backup of the certificate and also keep the copies at safe place 
under proper security (for its use in case of emergencies). 

e. In case of online tendering, if the digital certificate issued to the authorized user of a 
firm is used for signing and submitting a bid, it will be considered equivalent to a no-
objection certificate/power of attorney /lawful authorization to that User. The firm 
has to authorize a specific individual through an authorization certificate signed by all 
partners to use the digital certificate as per Indian Information Technology Act 2000. 
Unless the certificates are revoked, it will be assumed to represent adequate authority 
of the user to bid on behalf of the firm in the department tenders as per Information 
Technology Act 2000. The digital signature of this authorized user will be binding on 
the firm.  

f. In case of any change in the authorization, it shall be the responsibility of management 
/ partners of the firm to inform the certifying authority about the change and to obtain 
the digital signatures of the new person / user on behalf of the firm / company.  The 
procedure for application of a digital certificate however will remain the same for the 
new user. 

g. The same procedure holds true for the authorized users in a private/Public limited   
company. In this case, the authorization certificate will have to be signed by the 
directors of the company. 

 
III. Pre-requisites for online bidding: 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

7 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

a. In order to bid online on the portal https://etenders.hry.nic.in, the user machine must 
be updated with the latest Java & DC setup. The link for downloading latest java 
applet & DC setup are available on the Home page of the e-tendering Portal.  

 
IV. Online Viewing of Detailed Notice Inviting Tenders: 

a. The bidders can view the detailed N.I.T and the time schedule (Key Dates) for all the 
tenders floated through the single portal eProcurement system on the Home Page at 
https://etenders.hry.nic.in. 

 
V. Download of Tender Documents: 

a. The tender documents can be downloaded from the eProcurement portal 
https://etenders.hry.nic.in. 

 
VI. Key Dates: 

a. The bidders are strictly advised to follow dates and times as indicated in the online 
Notice Inviting Tenders. The date and time shall be binding on all bidders. All online 
activities are time tracked and the system enforces time locks that ensure that no 
activity or transaction can take place outside the start and end dates and the time of 
the stage as defined in the online Notice Inviting Tenders. 

 
3. ONLINE TRANSFER OF TENDER DOCUMENT FEE & EMD: 

 
I. Bidder can also deposit Tender Document Fee and EMD as specified in Important Information 

Clause through RTGS/NEFT in favour of Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation and 
upload scan copy of the receipt along-with tender document.  
 

II. RTGS Details are as under: 

HARTRON 

Particulars of Bank Account for payment through RTGS 

Beneficiary Name Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited 

Bank Name HDFC Bank Limited 

Bank Address SCO 87, Sector 46-D, Chandigarh 

Bank Account No. 04342320000393 

Bank IFSC HDFC0000434 

Hartron Pan Card No: AABCH1532Q 

Hartron  GSTIN No.: 06AABCH1532Q3ZG 

 
 
 
 

4. SITE, SCOPE & OBJECTIVE   

1) Sites – Departments State HQs at Chandigarh and Panchkula. 
 

2) State Govt. took initiative to digitize its physical records under mission mode implementation of 
eOffice to make Haryana Govt. paperless for deliveries of citizen services through online mode 
under Digital India Scheme / Campaign and preservation and management of documents for longer 
period. State Govt. plans to digitize these records for proper up keep of these physical records in a 
systematic manner. This assignment includes scanning, quality enhancement, cropping of existing 
Record, digitization etc.  
 

State Govt. proposes for complete scanning, digitization and indexing of official records of all the 
Departments in the State. These are required to be digitally converted with proper indexing for 
easy retrieval (viz. indexing). The documents would comprise approximately 1.5 Crores pages 
(including pages of varying sizes like A5, Letter, Legal, A4 & A3 etc.) and may be 
increased/decreased at the time of actual execution of the work. Job will be done at all locations 
with the mutual consent of concerned department. 
 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

8 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
5. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR BIDDERS: 

 
5.1 Bidders General Qualifications: 

I. This e-tender is open to all firms/companies within India, who are eligible to do business under 
relevant Indian laws as in force at the time of bidding.  
 

II. Firm/company declared by GoI, GoH, Supreme Court of India, High Court of States to be 
ineligible to participate for corrupt, fraudulent or any other unethical business practices shall 
not be eligible during the period for which such ineligibility is declared. 
 

III. The concessions/benefits to MSEs and Medium Enterprise are as per Haryana State Public 
Procurement Policy for MSMEs-2016, issued by Govt. of Haryana, Department of Industries & 
Commerce vide G.O. 2/2/2016-4IBII(1) dated 20.10.2016 and Amendment Memo No. 2/3/2018 
4IB-II dated 23.04.2018. Manufacturing Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs including Khadi and 
Village Industries/Units) who have filed “Entrepreneur Memorandum” in Haryana in respect of 
the quoted items participate directly in tender and do not through any intermediaries (their 
dealers/agents. distributors), will not subcontract to any other firm and to carry the entire 
manufacturing at their enterprise. Concerned MSE will be required to submit a copy of 
“Entrepreneur Memorandum” in respect of its category of Micro/Small issued to the firm by the 
Industries Department Haryana as a part of PQ bid. Without Entrepreneur Memorandum e-
bid/bid may not be considered & seems to be technically disqualified.    
 

IV. Bidder can also be a startup as defined by Govt. of India, Ministry of Micro Small & Medium 
Enterprises vide policy circular no. 1(2)(1)/2016-MA dated 10.03.2016. In case of startups, the 
prior turnover and prior experience shall be applicable as defined by Govt. of India, Ministry of 
Micro Small & Medium Enterprises vide policy circular no.1(2)(1)/2016-MA dated 10.03.2016. 
The clause of OEM/authorized distributor/ dealer/ agent shall not apply for startups as startups 
have to bid directly. The concessions/benefits to Startups / First Generation Entrepreneurs   
are as per Haryana State Public Procurement Policy, issued by Govt. of Haryana, Department of 
Industries & Commerce vide G.O. 2/2/2016-4IB-II dated 03.01.2019.  
 

V. Criteria: 

S# Clause Document Required 

i.  

The bidder must be registered in India 
under the Indian Companies Act 1956/2013 
/ LLP Act 2003 / Partnership Act 1932 (with 
GST Registration Certificate) firm and 
should be in existence in India for at least 
the last 3 years, as on date of submission 
of bid. 
 

The bidder shall provide the Certificate of 
Incorporation for Registered Companies / 
LLPs / Partnership Deed for Partnership 
Firms with GST Registration Certificate. 

ii.  

The Bidder must have experience in the 
field of scanning & digitization for the last 

2 or more financial years. 
 

Copy of Work Orders & Complication 
Certificate. 

iii.  

The Bidder should have an average 
turnover at least 1/3

rd
 of estimated tender 

value during last 3 financial years (2016-17, 
17-18,18-19). 

 Audited Balance Sheet and Profit & Loss 

account statement of the Bidder for each 

of the last 3 audited financial years. For 

F.Y. 18-19, Provisional Balance Sheet with 

CA Certificate will also be considered. 

  

iv.  

The Bidder should have positive net worth 
(measured as paid-up capital plus free 
reserves) and should be a profit making 
company before tax in each of the last 3 
audited F.Y. 
 

 Certificate duly signed by Company 

Secretary of the Bidder confirming the 

positive net-worth for the last three 

financial years. 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

9 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

v.  

The Bidder should have currently valid GST 
Registration Certificate, PAN No., E.S.I.C., 
P.F. and applicable Labour Law registration 
/ Licenses. 
 

Photo copies of valid registration 
certificates/licensees should be furnished 
along with the technical bid.  

 

vi.  

The Signatory signing the Bid on behalf of 
the Bidder should be duly authorized by 
the Board of Directors of the Bidding 
Company. 
 
 
 

A Certificate from the Company Secretary 
of the Bidder certifying that the Bid 
signatory is authorized by the Board of 
Directors of the Company to do so, with 
acceptance of board resolution, resolutions 
number and date to sign the Bid on their 
behalf.  

vii.  

During last three financial years in any 
Central / State Government Institution / 
PSU / Registered Companies / Bank / 
Registered Educational Institutions / 
Government Departments / Autonomous 
Bodies / Examining bodies/Corporate 
Houses, the bidder should have 
satisfactorily completed the similar 
contracts for either of the following:  
One order must be of minimum 25 Lacs 
documents.  

OR 
Two orders must be of minimum 15 Lacs 
documents each. 

OR 
Three orders must of minimum 10 Lacs 
documents each. 
 

 Work Order / Agreement along-with 

Completion Certificate/ Client 

Certificate/ Project citations/Define of 

satisfactory execution & payment recd. 

etc. 

 

 In case of on-going projects, the bidder 

can submit satisfactory reports along 

with total documents volume for the last 

three years from the User/Department 

as well as the work order along with the 

Completion Certificate/ Client 

Certificate/ Project Citation/ 

Satisfactory Execution and Payment 

Receipt etc. for more than three years.  

 

viii.  

The Bidder should have at least ISO 9001 

Certificate for Quality Assurance and 

ISO/IEC 20000-1:2018 for IT Service 

management & 27001 Certificate for Data 

/ Information Security Or any other 

equivalent certificate for Quality 

Management and Information Security.  

Attested Copy of Certificate must be 

attached 

 
VI. Others required details: 

 Bidder should have cleared his GST dues up to 31st March 2019 to the Government. Copy of 
GST Return for F.Y. 2018-19 will be provided by bidder. 

 The Bidder must have all necessary licenses, permissions, consents, NOCs, approvals as 
required under law for carrying out its business. Undertaking be provided by the bidder 
that he has all the requisite approvals / NOCs etc., as required under law to carry out its 
business. 

 Bidder should not be insolvent, in receivership, bankrupt or being wound up, not have its 
affairs administered by a court or a judicial officer, not have its business activities 
suspended and must not be the subject of legal proceedings for any of the foregoing 
reasons;  

 Bidder should not have, and their directors and officers not have, been convicted of any 
criminal offence related to their professional conduct or the making of false statements or 
misrepresentations as to their qualifications to enter into a procurement contract within a 
period of three years preceding the commencement of the procurement process, or not 
have been otherwise disqualified pursuant to debarment proceedings. 

 
Note: 

1. Breach of general or specific instructions for bidding, general and special conditions of contract 
with GoH may attract a proceeding to declare a firm/company ineligible for a certain period or 
certain number of consecutive tender calls.  

2. Sub-contracting of any part of the project is not permitted.  



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

10 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

3. The concessions/Benefits are allowed to MSMEs as per Haryana State Public Procurement Policy 
for MSMEs-2016. The details of Haryana State Public Procurement Policy for MSMEs-2016 can be 
obtained from website of Directorate of Supplies & disposal Haryana 
(http://dsndharyana.gov.in/writereaddata/ Document/1_93_1_msme_policy.pdf). 

4. For MSME, SSI, Make in India, Start-ups, the turnover, experience and other conditions will be 
applicable as per Haryana State Govt.  Guidelines issued time to time. 

5. Bidders are advised to study this RFP document carefully before submitting their proposals in 
response to this RFP Notice. Submission of a proposal in response to this notice shall be 
deemed to have been done after careful study and examination of this document with full 
understanding of its terms, conditions and implications. This RFP document is not transferable. 

6. Proposals of bidders who do not conform to above PQ criteria will not be considered for further 
evaluation and shall be summarily rejected without any separate notice or assigning any reason 
whatsoever. 

7. Due to confidentiality of the documents, no outsourcing of any kind would be allowed. 
Therefore the bidder must have requisite infrastructure and capacity to handle entire project 
without outsourcing the work. The selected bidder will not further sublet the work allotted.  

8. An affidavit duly notarized to this effect must be submitted with the bid. Any Bid failing to 
meet the above stated Qualification criteria shall be summarily rejected and will not be 
considered for Financial Evaluation. 

 
5.2 Relaxations to Micro Small and Medium Enterprise registered in Haryana:- 

 
A. Concessions/benefits Micro Small:- 

S# 
Area as part of 

qualifying 
requirements 

Concession benefits allowed to 
MSEs. 

Eligibility 

1.  Tender Fee 

Exemption on the payment of 
Tender Fee subject to 
fulfillment of conditions as per 
eligibility 

Manufacturing Micro & Small 
Enterprises(MSEs) (Including Khadi 
& village Industries/ Units) who 
have filed Entrepreneur 
Memorandum in Haryana in respect 
of the quoted items, participate 
directly in tender and not through 
any intermediaries (their dealers/ 
agents/ distributors), will not 
subcontract to any other firm and 
to carry the entire manufacturing 
at their enterprise.   
Concerned MSE will be required to 
submit the copy of Entrepreneurs 
Memorandum in respect of its 
category of Micro/Small issued to 
the firm by the Industries 
Department Haryana as part of 
Technical Bid.  

2.  
Earnest Money Deposit 
(EMD) 

Exemption on the payment of 
Earnest Money deposit (EMD) 
subject to fulfillment of 
condition as per eligibility. 

3.  Performance Security 

90% concession on Performance 
Security as applicable to other 
Haryana based firms subject to 
fulfillment of condition as per 
eligibility  

4.  Turnover 

a. Micro Enterprises: 
Concession of 80% on 
Turnover condition imposed 
as qualifying criteria. 

b. Small Enterprises: Turnover 
condition imposed as 
qualifying 

5.  

Past Performance & 
Experience 
 
  

Exempted in respect of Past 
Performance & Experience as 
part of qualifying Requirement 
of the tender subject to 
fulfillment of condition as per 
eligibility 

Manufacturing Micro & Small 
Enterprises (MSEs) (including Khadi 
& village Industries/ Units) who 
have filled Entrepreneur 
Memorandum in Haryana and 
Further: 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

11 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

6.  Purchase Preference 

50% of the total tendered 
quantity provided quoting price 
within band of L-1+15% by 
bringing down their price to L-
1and subject to condition that it 
agrees to fulfillment of other 
terms & conditions of the tender 
and further subject to 
fulfillment of conditions as per 
eligibility  

Those MSEs have Qualified 
Certification of ISI/ISO/ 
AgMark/Quality Mark issued from 
competent authority in State or 
Central Govt. in respect of the 
item/ Goods mentioned in the 
tender. 

OR/AND 
Those who are registered with 
DGS&D/ NSIC /GOI Department/ 
State Govt. Department/GOI 
PSUs/State Govt. PSUs in respect 
of the item/goods mentioned in 
the tender.  
The firm will be required to submit 
the detailed information in respect 
of above through an affidavit as 
per the format enclosed as 
Annexure-X. 

 
 

B. Concessions/benefits to Medium Enterprises:- 

S# 
Area as part of 

qualifying 
Requirements 

Concessions/benefits 
allowed to medium 

enterprises 
Eligibility 

i. 
Past Performance & 
Experience  

Exemption on Qualifying 
Requirement of Past 
Performance & Experience 
as part of Qualifying 
Requirements of the tender 
subject to the tender 
subject to fulfillments of 
conditions as per eligibility.  

Manufacturing Medium Enterprises 
of the State that have filed 
Entrepreneur Memorandum for 
quoted items in Haryana, 
Participate directly in tender and 
not through any intermediaries 
(their dealers/agents/ Distributors), 
and will not subcontract to any 
other firm and to carry the entire 
manufacturing at their enterprise. 
This concession will be applicable 
only for one year to newly 
registered Medium Enterprises or 
Medium Enterprises of State who are 
not eligible in State Public 
Procurement due to eligibility 
criteria of part performance & 
Experience. The Firm will be 
required to submit the detailed 
information in respect of above 
through an affidavit as per the 
format enclosed as Annexure-XI. 

ii. Purchase Preference 

10% of the total tendered 
quality provided quoting 
price within band of L-
1+15% by bringing down 
their price to L-1 and 
subject to condition that it 
agrees to fulfillment of 
other term & conditions of 
the tender and further 
subject to fulfillment of 
conditions as per eligibility.  

Further, the benefit of discounting of 50% Haryana VAT / GST Concerned from the composite price bid 
for the purpose of financial evaluation of the bids as per the policy guidelines issued vide G.O. No. 
2/2/2010-4I-BII of dated 19-12-2011 will continued to be applicable to all Haryana Billing Firms 
including MSMEs covered in the above policy scope. 
 
C. The apportionment/ distribution of tendered quantity after negotiations based on the existing 

instructions and Purchase Preference allowed to MSMEs as above may have different scenarios. The 
general guidelines for the apportionment of tendered quantity to firms other than MSMEs, MSEs & 
MEs will be as under: 

I. Purchase Preference to MSMEs will not be applicable if the tendered quantity is only one. 
II. Purchase Preference for Medium Enterprises (MEs) will only be allowed on the quantities in 

multiple of 10 say 10, 20, 30, and so on. The quantity less than 10 or in between multiple 
of 10, 20, 30 will not be considered for Purchase Preference to MEs.  

III. Negotiations will be held only with L1+5% firms. MSMEs as per above instructions within the 
price range of L1+15% will be counter offered to match the finally arrived L1 rate. In case, 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

12 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

MSMEs within L1+15% range refuse to match the finally arrived L1 rate than the entire 60% 
(50% for MSEs and 10% for MEs) of purchase preference will be transferred to L1+5% 
category firms. 

IV. In case, no Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs) and Medium Enterprises (MEs) as per the 
eligibility criteria specified in the above instructions are within L1+15% range, the entire 
100% tendered quantity will be distributed as per the existing guidelines. 

V. In case, there are no Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs) within L1+15% range, the Purchase 
Preference Quota of 50% of MSEs will stand transferred to open category making it from 
40% to 90%. 

VI. In case there are no Medium Enterprises (MEs) within L1+15% range, the Purchase 
Preference Quota of 10% of MEs will stand transferred to open category making it from 40% 
to 50%. 

VII. In case, no MSMEs in within L1+5% range and there is one MSE & one ME in L1+15% range 
and further agree to match the arrived L1 rate, the quantity distribution will be up to 40% 
for firm other than MSME, up to 50% for MSE and up to 10% for ME and so on.  

VIII. In case, there are MSMEs (both or either MSEs and MEs) within L1+5% range and there are 
MSEs & MEs in L1+15% range. Negotiations will be carried out with all firms within L1+5% as 
per the existing guidelines to arrive at finally arrived L1 rate. The finally arrived firm can 
be any other firm/ MSE/ ME or any / more of these other firm / MSE / ME matches the 
finally arrived price; in such a situation, apportionment will be done as per the existing 
instructions of ratio of 70:30 or 50:25:25 & so on. Thereafter, offer will be given to MSE 
and MEs within L+15% range to match the finally arrived L1 rate and if they agree to match 
the arrived L1 rate, the apportionment of quantity will have many scenarios for the 
distribution of tendered quantities. Some of the scenarios and sub-scenarios of quantity 
apportionment may be as per Annexure-„III‟ enclosed with this notification. However, there 
can be many more scenarios depending upon the number of MSMEs within price range of 
L1+5% and L1+15%. 

The above instructions will supersede the instructions as issued vide Industries & Commerce 
Department Haryana Order No. 2/2/2010-4I IB II of dated 24.03.2015 related to concessions/ benefits 
to Haryana based Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs) including Khadi & Village Industrial Units.  

These issues with concurrence of Finance Department conveyed vide their U.O. No. 1/48/2016-
4FD III/27758 of dated 03.10.2016. 
 
 

6. SCOPE OF THE PROJECT 
 

6.1 Scanning / Digitizing: 

i. State Govt. took initiative to digitize its physical records under mission mode implementation 
of eOffice to make Haryana Govt. paperless for deliveries of citizen services through online 
mode under Digital India Scheme / Campaign and preservation and management of documents 
for longer period. State Govt. plans to digitize these records for proper up keep of these 
physical records in a systematic manner. This assignment includes scanning / quality 
enhancement / cropping of existing Record/digitization. 
 

ii. There are approximate 1.5 Crore pages at State HQ Level of various departments which needs 
to be scanned & digitized. The page numbers are tentative only and the payment shall be made 
as per actual pages digitized on per page cost basis. State Govt. proposes for complete 
scanning, digitization and indexing of official records of all the 
Departments/Boards/Corporations in the State. These are required to be digitally converted 
with proper indexing for easy retrieval (viz. indexing). The documents would comprise 
approximately 1.5 Crores pages (including pages of varying sizes like A5, Letter, Legal, A4 & A3 
etc.) and may be increased/decreased at the time of actual execution of the work. Job will be 
done at all locations with the mutual consent of concerned department 
 

iii. The tender is to digitize the documents of various sizes, bringing onsite setup for scanning & 
digitization of documents. The scanning and digitization infrastructure setup will be done at 
the Concerned Department at Bidders cost. 

 Scanning and Digitization: The documents will be scanned and digitized and the e-data 
would be handed over to the user department. The authorized official of each department 
will validate file before considering the file for final submission. Pre delivery QC will be 
done by bidder & Post QC Check will be done by department. 
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

13 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 Solutions: Service Provider should on end to end solution on turnkey basis which includes 
hardware, software & other associated items. The Bidder has to parallel work for different 
State Govt. Offices/departments to complete the task within allotted time frame. The 
Bidder should be in capacity to arrange the additional scanning & digitizing equipment‟s 
and deploy adequately skilled manpower resources to complete the job within the 
specified time. 
 

 Archival and Retrieval: Digitized data is indexed and cataloged as per the metadata 
requirements of State Govt. under supervision of NIC eOffice Division. The meta data will 
be finalized and handed over to the successful bidder prior to the commencement of the 
work. 
 

 Searching & Retrieval Tool: Bidder should provide file searching & retrieval tool as per the 
parameters / metadata field provided by NIC eOffice Division / Concerned Department.     

 
iv. The activities involved shall be scanning / quality enhancement / cropping of existing Record / 

digitization:  
 The documents of different sizes (Envelope/Letter/Legal/A4/A3) are required to be 

transformed / converted into digital format (pdf). 

 Weekly data to be digitized will be provided by the Department and the same will be 

handed over to concerned department within 10 working days after scanning.  

 The metadata should be prepared at file level as per eOffice requirement. 

 The metadata field will be provided by Concerned Department in consultation with NIC 

eOffice division. 

 This digitization is a time bound initiative to be accomplished department wise with in a 

period of 90 working days. The Bidder will be given maximum 90 working days excluding 

Saturday, Sunday & Public Holidays to complete the work from the date of award of work 

of respective department. However, bidder is allowed to work on Saturday, Sunday & 

Public Holidays (if required & authorized by concerned department) for preparation of 

Page Numbering, File Indexing, Metadata Preparation, Data Punching of each file, Quality 

Checking, Quality Assurance & Cross verification of documents so that bidder can 

complete the project as per the satisfaction of department within allotted time frame. 

 The documents have to be digitized within the premises of each Department and no 

physical document or digitized material shall be allowed to leave the premises at any 

point of time.  

 The original document is fragile and likely to be lost in the near future (if required by the 

department), extremely valuable documents where digitization is problematic, requires 

high quality prints 1:1 - we need as perfect copy as possible -> usually 600 dpi or better 

1200 dpi, with lighting and colour calibration (ICC profile), lossless compression. 

 
 

6.2 Stages / steps: 
Stage 1: Preparation of Document 

i. Numbering of offices /Departments to be covered under this project. 
ii. Numbering of “FILES” with “BARCODED SERIAL NUMBER” under each department and office 

sequencing of “FILES” based on “BARCODED SERIAL NUMBER” labels. 
iii. Preparing the “PAGES” within the “ FILE” with “PAGE NUMBERING” 
iv. Creating an inventory prior to taking files, register and other forms of document for SCAN 

 
Stage 2: Document Handling Process 

i. Allocating “FILES” for each “SCANNING MACHINE” 
ii. Scanning each page of the “ FILE” 
iii. Restoring “ FILE” in same sequence (Page & File No. wise) 
iv. Creating an inventory for the scanned “ FILES” and Check with “Inward” 
v. Physical storage of “ FILE” for easy retrieval till the QC is passed 
vi. Post QC Check the authorized official at each office of each Department will digitally sign 

the efiles. 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

14 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

vii. Handing over the physical “FILES” in “AS IS” condition to the respective Single Point of 
Contact (SPOC) authorized at each office of State Govt. 

 
Note:  Records / files / Documents would be scanned and digitized at Department premises and 

the bidder shall be responsible for collecting them from different divisions of the 
department to carry out the digitization work. The documents would be received in lots as 
agreed mutually between the bidder and the department. 
 
The bidder shall maintain a record on number of documents received from different 
department and provide a copy to the concerned authority.  
 
The bidder shall maintain a note of the document details in a register while collecting 
these documents. The log register should contain at least the following details: 

a) Name of Department 
b) Name of Branch / Division 
c) File Subject 
d) File Creation Year  
e) Name & Designation of Concerned Officer 
f) Details of the document collected 
g) Size of the pages in document (A5, A4,letter, legal, A3, etc.) along with 

page count 
h) Total number of pages in the document / file 
i) Date of Collection 
j) Expected date of return 
k) Returned to (Department Official) 
l) Returned by (bidder representative) 
m) Actual date of return 
n) File Barcode Serial No. 

 
After collection of documents by the bidder, it would be the responsibility of the bidder to 
maintain and return the documents in their original form to the End User Department. Any 
damage to the collected documents shall make the bidder liable for the same and can 
impose severe consequences which may also lead to the termination of the contract. The 
bidder shall check for the number of documents in a file in presence of the Nodal Officer 
authorized by Department. 
 
 
Stage 3: Pre-Scanning Process 

i. The bidder shall be responsible for removal of unwanted dust, removal of tags, pins, 
threads, rubber bands etc. as-an-when required and sorting & numbering of pages in the 
document file in the correct order. The bidder will carefully unfold and flatten the 
documents to eliminate creases and wrinkles. 
 

ii. Cleanliness of Work Area, Digitization Equipment, and Originals like Scanners, platens, and 
copy Departments will have to be cleaned on a routine basis to eliminate the introduction 
of extraneous dirt and dust to the digital images. Many documents tend to be dirty and will 
leave dirt in the work area and on scanning equipment.  
 

iii. The bidder shall take special care in preparing the documents which are too old and that 
may not be in good physical condition and are very delicate they may not be directly 
scanned. This may include (but not limited to) pasting of torn pages, straightening of 
pages, un-binding of files that cannot be scanned directly. Some documents which are 
folded at the edges may even require ironing to straighten them. Documents should be 
prepared such that normal scanner can scan it. In such cases bidder can use a photo 
scanner for scanning such documents 
 

iv. The bidder shall take extreme care towards handling of documents so that their chronology 
is not disturbed or to maintain the sequence of records in the files. For example, Multi-
page documents that must be kept together (e.g., a letter with an attachment)  
 

v. Segregating the documents to be scanned into batches. The size and content of a batch 
shall be determined by Dept. on the nature of the documents being scanned and that unit‟s 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

15 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

workflow. Procedures for batching must be documented in the unit specific procedures and 
must include the use of batch sheets (with e.g., batch number, scanner operator ID, and 
date scanned) for subsequent traces and storage. 
 

vi. In case of any damage to content, same should be informed to Nodal Officer appointed by 
Department without delay by the vendor.  
 

vii. Receiving files: 
a) The Vendor shall scan/digitize the file in consultation with Nodal Officer of Concerned 

Department in continuation of the weeding process. 
b) Whereas in case of all other cases including the fresh instituted cases and already 

weeded cases, the files will be handed over by concerned department with number of 
pages in the file in the requisition to the vendor which shall be accepted under the 
signature of its authorized official. 

c) The vendor shall complete the Scanning/Digitization process in time bound manner, if 
so required by the concerned department in specific class of files or individual file. 

 

viii. Vendor will un-tag the papers and shall suitably enhance the quality of the papers, if 
required, to be scanned so that legible, searchable and retrievable copy of the document is 
produced. 
 

ix. Vendor will do the scanning in minimum 300 dpi, however the same can increase for 
making the image/pdf file readable, as per requirement.   
 

x. For every file, all scanned individual papers will be grouped to form PDF/A format with 
Meta Data, to be decided mutually with the search facility in following ways: 
a) Paper Book – It shall include index page and the paper book specified in the 

Requisition. Paper Book file shall have the facility to insert/modify/delete scanned 
papers with proper logging facility. 

b) Interim Orders – 
i) In case of legacy data related to 1 or more file, all the interim orders will be 

grouped into one PDF/A file, 
ii) In respect of fresh instituted, pending and decided cases, separate PDF/A file will 

be created for each Interim Order for its uploading onto Internet after applying 
digital signatures by concerned Officials. Facility to combine all such Interim 
Orders in one PDF/A file shall be provided by vendor once case is decided. 

 
xi. Bidder has to make sure that movement of the files to the Scanning/ Digitization Cell must 

be done in a secure manner so that no damage is caused to the files. 
 
Stage 4: Output / Delivery  

i. The scanned images should be in TIFF format at early stage and final copy should be in 
searchable PDF-A file format. The PDF files should be compressed.  
 

ii. The output should be provided in set of two DVDs/Hard Disk/USBs (provided by the 
Department) i.e. one will contain Raw TIFF Images and other enhanced, searchable PDF-A 
along with file searching & retrieval tool.  
 

iii. The output should be of acceptable readability, reasonable accuracy, consistent in term of 
tone and colour reproduction and use neutral common rendering for all images.  
 

iv. The scanner should have min. of 300 dpi (dot per inch) optical responses or resolutions with 
[Bit depths: Bit, not less than 8-bit Gray scale, or 24-bit Colour (True colour)]. 
 

v. Image Enhancement – Basic Enhancement Raster cleaning, De-skew, De-Speckle Cropping & 
hole removal etc. shall have to be carried out on each images for optimum images clarity. 
 

vi. No cropping is allowed for Raw Image, the entire document has to be scanned for 
maintaining original size and shape of the document.  
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

16 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

vii. The scanning specifications for text support - the production of a scan that can be 
reproduced as a legible at the same size as the original (at 1:1, even the smallest 
significant character should be legible). 
 

viii. The final scanned copy in PDF-A should be legible, with completeness, image quality 
(tonality and color), and the ability to reproduce pages in their correct (original) sequence.  
 

ix. Digital images should be created up to a quality level that will facilitate Optical Character 
recognition (OCR) conversion to a specified accuracy level. This should not, however, 
compromise the quality of the images to meet the quality index.  
 

x. A file-naming scheme database - should be established prior to capture. The same shall be 
done in consultation with Nodal Officer appointed by Department/NIC.  
 
 

6.3 Indexing:  

After documents/images are scanned and stored in digital form, they would be indexed through 
robust search engine capable of searching the “FILE” on the basis of at least following indexed 
fields with full or partial match for example: 

 Name of Department, 
 Division / Group, 
 File Number, 
 File Type,  
 File Creation Year 
 File Subject 
 General Remarks: Type of Document, Date of Document, Keywords, Sections 
 Or any other Field as desired by Nodal Officer at Site (Maximum of 30 Fields) 

Handing over the scanned data on appropriate electronic media to the officials of the concerned 
department. “These indexing parameters may be decreased or increased depending on 
requirements. The bidder should design their solution keeping in mind the variability of indexing 
parameters.”  
 
The bidder will establish procedure for checking the accuracy of indexing and making necessary 
corrections as accurate indexing is required for efficient retrieval of digital documents from 
Central storage. At the end of the process, all paper documents will be returned in their original 
form to the department. 
 
 

6.4 Digitization Process 

 
 

i. Digitization Process comprises of following steps: 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

17 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

a) Collect and prepare the documents. 
b) Mode for Scanning. 
c) Scanning specifications & format. 
d) Metadata 
e) Storage of the scanned documents. 
f) Post-Scanning. 

 
Each step is described as under: 

a) Collect and Prepare the documents: The documents identified by individual units are 

collected. The involvement of the Section concerned is considered important as the knowledge 
of the files, documents will be required. The necessary signoff needs to be provided by the 
Digitisation Coordinator on the number of Files and Documents received. The documents are: 
 Documents must be carefully separated. If stapled, pins need to be carefully extracted. 

Page separators or post-it notes can be placed for separating the categories. 
 Any external annexure like photographs is to be fixed carefully and neatly, if required with 

glue. 
 Proper Dusting of the document Dust may affect the quality of the image. 
 Ironing and Smoothening of the document this is done in the case of documents that are 

folded at the edges. 
 Page Numbering-Each page of the document is numbered on the corner. This helps in 

maintaining the count and also in avoiding any misplaced sheets of any document during 
the course of file movement. 

 Clip the document set. 
 
Important Points: 

 Make sure that the scanned documents are readable. 
 Collect the originals from the scanner, collate and clip the documents once again. 
 All the physical records shall be bound in a file. The file should have the details of the 

content and a unique identifier (barcode number) on the top of the file to help faster 
retrieval. 

 If DPI (Dots Per Inch) is more, the photo is sharp but the size of the file is more. 
 If DPI is less, the photo is dull but the size of the file is less. 

 
b) Mode for Scanning: There are various modes and options are available for scanning files and 

records. Depending on the contents and complexity of the file, it can be scanned as a single 
pdf or each page can be scanned in the file as a separate pdf. The different methods can be 
applied to different components of the same file as well. For example, all correspondences 
may be broken into logical sections and scanned such that there is one pdf for each section. At 
the same time, notes / noting in the file can be scanned page by page as each notes / noting is 
a significant component of a file. 

 
 

i. Closed Files / Legacy Data can also be digitised in the same way that active files are 
digitised with some differences in scanning and indexing. 

 
c) Scanning specifications & format: 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

18 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

Document Type/ Condition Colour & DPI 

Regular text 200 dpi Black & White (B/W) 

Text with images 300 dpi Grayscale 

Very damaged /Tarnished/Clouded 450 dpi Black & White (B/W) 

Seriously damaged / Tarnished/ Clouded 600 dpi Black & White (B/W) 

Documents with Photograph 600 dpi Grayscale/Colour 
 

The choice of storage format for electronic documents can have significant and far-reaching 
consequences. 

 
d) Suggestive Metadata Field: 

The required metadata is entered against each document.  The indicative metadata is as 
follows: 

Active Files Closed Files 

 File no.  eFile no. 

 Created by (Name of Section/ Desk)  Closed by 

 Date & time of creation  Section 

 From  Department/ Board/ Corporation 

 Section  Office of 

 Department/ Board/ Corporation  Subject 

 Office of  Sub-Subject 

 Subject Description  Date & time of creation 

 Sub Subject  Created by 

 Priority/ Urgency  Remark (if any) 

 Remarks  Retention period 

 Due Date  Classification/ Categorization 

 Classification/ Categorization  Keywords of the contents for search 

 Keywords of the contents for search  

 
i. The Metadata of each file is required to be recorded in the PDF file itself. The Metadata 

inserted inside the PDF must conform to the XMP (Extensible Metadata Platform) specification 
for storing rich metadata which enables importing of the metadata fields directly in the NIC 
eOffice Content Management System / Document Management System database. Annotations 
and bookmarks for the relevant pages is also required to be recorded in the PDF files and 
stored as separate attributes in the tool / database for searching purposes; 

 
ii. XML (Extensible mark-up Language) output of the Metadata with other details of the PDF files 

are also required to be simultaneously generated by the Bidder; 
 

iii. The PDF/A is required to comply with the following specifications: 
a) PDF/A format is required to be ISO 19005-1:2005 or later; 
b) The compressed PDF files created for viewing are required to be 50-80% compressed as 

compared to standard CCITT G4/JPEG compression (in TIFF/JPEG/PDF file format) for 
Mono/Color/Grey scale images retaining search ability, clarity of image and print 
quality. It is also required to be a linearized PDF {as defined by PDF reference manual 
(ISO 3200-1:2008)} to ensure faster web viewing. Searchable PDF/A shall be created in 
one single step by processing the input image file(s) thus ensuring that no intermediate 
manipulation of the contents is possible. 

 
e) Post-Scanning: 

i. Processing & Quality Control: The scanned images need to be processed for removal of 
punch holes and shadows, checking of pixilation, sharpness and skew etc. A combination of 
automatic/ manual processing using image enhancement software and experts can be used 
for processing and Quality Assurance of the scanned image. 

 
ii. Indexing: Indexing is one of the most critical steps of the digitization process as it 

establishes the identity of the scanned files so that it can be referenced/ linked and 
retrieved with ease at a later stage. Indexing provides each document with a unique 
identity. Indexing can be of two types: 

 Metadata Indexing: Indexing if done only on the metadata parameters. 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

19 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 OCR (Optical Character Recognition) indexing. 
 
It is a comprehensive content based indexing method which reads and indexes the contents 
of each page. 

 
iii. Final QC and Security: The scanned images along with the indexed data are put through a 

final Quality Check. All scanned files must conform to the digitisation guidelines being 
followed in the process and should contain the minimum amount of metadata defined for 
the set of documents. 

 Check the first and last page of the scanned output. 

 Total Number of pages of scanned output to be verified against the number of pages in 
the original document. 

 Clarity in output and completeness with respect to the contents in the scanned output. 
Physical files can go through multiple iterations at multiple locations/users. In the absence 
of appropriate safeguards, it is relatively easy to alter or delete them, intentionally or 
unintentionally. Alterations to electronic files can be virtually undetectable, undermining 
their evidential value as files. 

  
6.5 Quality Assurance: Every image must be readable. The best image quality should achieve by 

using state of the art Scanners, Processors & quality equipment with automatic exposure 
control features. The minimum scanning resolution should be 300 DPI, in general. However, the 
vendor should increase this if required, to ensure proper readability of output image. 

i. Official deputed by the concerned department will verify the number of pages, readability, 
search facility and other decided parameters and on acceptance the authorized officials shall 
apply their Digital signatures. 

ii. PDF/A which are rejected during the verification process due to poor quality or otherwise, will 
scanned again to prepare PDF/A file, which will again pass through verification process till it is 
accepted. 

iii. During this process, officials deputed by the concerned department shall note down the 
number of pages verified & passed on the Requisition, which form the basis for making the 
payments. Such verified and accepted number of pages will be signed by official concerned and 
Company. 

iv. Officials deputed by the concerned department will verify digital signatures applied by bidder 
before applying its own digital signatures. In case company has not applied digital signatures 
then it will be sent back to Company for digital signatures after verification of scanning 
process. 

 
6.6 Easy Access: 

i. The level of effort required in details finding, organizing access to use it is very minimal by 
using various Browse options. 

ii. Faster Search & Retrieval: Users can search for any item via a single field interface i.e. by 
inserting value in Google like single field; 

iii. Open sourced based tool should provide by vendor at each department for search results from 
full text, metadata fields and storage hierarchy. 

iv. Hierarchy to manage contents (i.e. Primary Cabinet Level, Sub Cabinet, Folder, and Items) 
v. It should be possible for authorized users to define time based security rules for certain files 

i.e. while uploading files in the system, user should get option of defining access restriction 
time period on uploaded file and after given time period restriction, file should become 
accessible to authorized users as per access rights given on complete cabinet / folder. 

 
6.7 Required Infrastructure: The bidder should provide necessary hardware (including Server, 

desktop systems, scanners, printers, UPS, LAN etc. in sufficient quantity), application software 
and other infrastructure for Scanning & Digitization work at the locations of Departments 
where scanning is to be done. The bidder shall provide latest upgraded version of the system, 
application software as and when offered in the market. The bidder shall ensure 99% uptime 
for the entire solution. The hardware supplied shall be the property of the bidder and any 
maintenance required in this regard shall be the responsibility of the bidder. No 
Hardware/software will be provided by any State Govt. Department. Only work place, 

Electricity, and basic electrical fixtures required for the set-up of the Digitization Cell will be 
provided by the concerned department including Furniture, Water and Toilet facilities.  
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

20 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

6.8 Software Licenses owned by bidder : Bidder should provide a proof of purchase in form of 
invoice from the OEM /their authorized re-seller (license Software for PDF creation, merging, 
splitting ) 
 

6.9 Set-up of Scanning Centre’s: The bidder should install required set-ups and can be increased 
later on for timely execution the job. Job will be done with the mutual consent of concerned 
department on priority. The final decision will be of concerned department authorities. 
 

6.10 Document Maintenance, Management and Accessibility: The scanned documents are to be 
stored in a structured manner for easy access and retrieval. The selected bidder will use open 
source development tool for searching & retrieval of record & tool shall be compatible with 
Ubuntu/Windows platform. File searching should be possible by file name, key words, author of 
the file and hierarchical position of the author, date created, date modified, priority set and 
status. 
 

6.11 Methodology: The Bidder shall be required to independently arrive at the methodology, based 
on globally acceptable standards and best practices, suitable for the concerned department by 
providing state-of-art technology by using scanner/overhead non-contact scanners. The system 
should necessarily integrate the following features for smooth functioning: -  

 The system should allow collection of information along the hierarchy. The system 
should allow reviewing, commenting and approving by various personnel in the 
hierarchy. The system should support movement of information across and within 
department. 

 The bidder should also have to give the blue print/methodology with the capacity 
details, technology along-with Hardware/Software along-with detail of manpower to be 
used for execution of scanning & digitization of records of the department. As per 

requirement, to complete the scanning work in the schedule defined.  
 
6.12 Collection & Preparation of Documents: The documents should be collected, on a regular 

basis under the supervision of an Officer, scanned. Documents after scanning they should be 
arranged in the same manner as they were received & returned the same day. 

i. Document & batch Preparation: Inspecting & separating documents, grouping documents into 
categories & designating the beginning & end of documents and batches. 

ii. Document Ironing: In case the documents are crumpled & in bad shape, they should be ironed 
before scanning. 

iii. Document return & hands off: The documents should return back to the concerned 
Department‟s Officer with a check being done again for the integrity of the documents being 
returned. 

 
6.13 Reserves the right to vary quantities at the time of award of work. 

i. The quantity of documents can be increased or decreased at the time of placement of order.  
ii. HARTRON reserves the right to accept or reject any or all bids without assigning any reason. 
iii. The HARTRON reserves the right to add more parties at any point of time as per requirement. 
iv. The order can also split between two or more technically qualified bidder as per requirement. 
v. The HARTRON official will be at any point of time, be free to visit the premises where the 

scanning job is being executed to ensure that the process is followed as specified in the tender. 
Any fault by the tendered is liable for the cancellation of the order/imposing suitable penalty. 
 

 
7. TIMELINES FOR COMPLETION OF JOB:  

a. The bidder will be given maximum 90 working days excluding Saturday, Sunday & Public 
Holidays to complete the work from the date of award of work of respective department. 

 
 

8. SCHEDULE OF TENDER:  

a. Availability of Bid Document: The tender notice & document is available at 
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app  . 

b. Amendment of Tender Document: The amendments in any of the Terms & Conditions of this Tender 
Document shall be uploaded on https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app  and all prospective 
bidders are advised to check both websites from time to time for any updates. 

c. Submission of Bids: Bids should be submitted online at https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app  
upto ____2019 by 2.30PM. 

https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app
https://etenders.hry.nic.in/nicgep/app


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

21 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

d. Tentative Date & Time for opening of Pre-qualification cum Technical Bids: At 3.30 pm on 
____2019 at Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd. 2

nd
 Floor, Bays no. 72-76, 

Sector-2, Panchkula. The bidders or their authorized representatives may be present if they so 
desire. 

e. Bidders are requested to submit the Hard copy of Pre-qualification cum Technical Bid within one 
working day from the date of opening of Pre-qualification cum Technical Bids.   

f. Advice to the Bidders: Bidders are advised to study this tender document carefully before 
participating. It shall be deemed that submission of Bid by the bidder have been done after their 
careful study and examination of the tender document with full understanding to its implications. 

g. Period of Validity of Offer: Offer should remain valid for 90 days after the date of opening of the 
Pre-qualification cum technical bids as prescribed by the Corporation. If the validity of the offer is 
extended, the validity of EMD will also have to be extended. An offer valid for a shorter period may 
be rejected by Hartron as non-responsive. 

h. Language of the Bid Proposal: The Language of the bid proposal as prepared by the Bidders shall be 
English and all further correspondence and documents related to the bid proposal exchange with 
the corporation shall be English. 

 
 

9. PROCEDURE FOR SUBMISSION OF BID:  

9.1 The Bids should be submitted in two parts i.e. Pre-Qualification cum Technical Bid and Commercial 
Bid. 
a. Pre-Qualification cum Technical bid (Stage 1): - The Technical Bid format as given in the 

Tender shall be filled, signed and stamped on all pages. Errors if any shall be attested by the 
Bidders. The Technical Bid shall not contain any indications of the Price otherwise the Bid will 
be summarily rejected. The bidders shall submit the details of make and model of the items 
offered against the tender requirement. The technical bid should be submitted through e-bid 
as well as hard copy of technical bid should also be submitted at Hartron Bhawan, Panchkula as 
per schedule given in tender. 

b. Price Bid Form (Stage 2):-All the Price items as asked in the Tender shall be filled in the Price 
Bid Format as given in the Tender. The Prices quoted shall be only in INDIAN RUPEES (INR) only. 
The tender is liable for rejection if Price Bid contains conditional offers.  

 
9.2 The following documents shall be enclosed by every vendor along with the Technical bids: -  

I. Make and model of all systems, sub-systems and optional items should be mentioned in the 
technical bid and complete technical details should be provided in the form of brochures and 
write ups and evaluation reports from the neutral/accredited third party. 

II. Completely filled technical compliance must be submitted for each quoted configuration.  
 

9.3 Tender bid must contain the name, office and after office hours addresses including telephone 
number(s) of the person(s) who are authorized to submit the bid with their signatures. A 
certificate from bidder‟s HR/ legal department must enclosed with the bid certifying that the 
person(s) who signed the bid is a authorized person on behalf of company.  

9.4 Un-signed, un-stamped and without certificate of authorized person from bidder‟s HR / legal 
department bid shall not be accepted.  

9.5 All pages of the bid being submitted must be signed and sequentially numbered by the bidder 
irrespective of the nature of content of the documents. 

9.6 Bids NOT submitted as per the specified format and nomenclature will be out rightly rejected.  
9.7 Ambiguous bids will be out rightly rejected.  
9.8 HARTRON will NOT be responsible for any delay on the part of the vendor in obtaining the 

terms and conditions of the tender notice or submission of the tender bids. 
9.9 The offers submitted by telegram/ fax/ E-mail etc. shall NOT be considered. No 

correspondence will be entertained on this matter.  
9.10 The basic prices in Indian rupees should be quoted separately for each set of items given in 

Technical specifications inclusive of Interface Cables, Power Cables, related accessories, 
Documentations of sub assemblies of system and Operating Manuals of the systems, Packing, 
Forwarding, Freight, Insurance, Installation charges at sites and Warranty etc. Excise duty and 
Sales tax and any other tax as applicable should be quoted separately, failing which these are 
not payable extra.  

9.11 Financial bid may be submitted as per price bid envelope for the corresponding 
configuration/description indicated in technical specifications.  



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

22 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

9.12 The price shall be for delivery at desired destination in Chandigarh/Haryana/Punjab including 
installation/commissioning and complete operationalization and including statutory levies, if 
any.  

9.13 Bidders shall indicate their rates in clear/visible figures as well as in words. In case of a 
mismatch, the rates written in words will prevail.  

9.14 Any alteration / overwriting / cutting in the bid should be duly countersigned else it will be out 
rightly rejected.  

9.15 Conditional tenders shall NOT be accepted on any ground and shall be rejected straightway.  
9.16 If any clarification is required, the same should be obtained before or during pre-bid meeting 

only. 
9.17 Bidder shall furnish a compliance statement (Point-wise) of specifications & features of offered 

equipments/sub-systems with the Technical Bid. No deviations in terms & conditions of the 
tender document as well as technical specifications (on the lower side) will be accepted in any 
case.  

9.18 Tender process will be over after the issue of Purchase order/empanelment letter(s) to the 
selected vendor(s). Thereafter, information submitted by the participating bidders before and 
during the bidding process may be put by HARTRON/Concerned Department in the public 
domain. Competent Authority in HARTRON/ Concerned Department MAY NOT exercise the 
privilege given under Right to Information Act Section 8(1) (d) which says “there shall be no 
obligation to give any citizen information including commercial confidence, trade secrets or 
intellectual property, the disclosure of which would harm the competitive position of a third 
party, unless competent authority is satisfied that larger public interest warrants the disclosure 
of such information”. 

9.19 Tender Process Section will return all the un-opened sealed bid envelopes to the bidder who 
failed to qualify for the next stage of bid processing starting from opening of EMD envelope to 
Eligibility Criteria Envelope to Technical Bid Envelope to Financial Bid envelope, as the case 
may be. Such bidder will acknowledge the receipt of the same to the Tender Process Section. 

9.20 Bids not quoted as per the format given in the tender will be rejected straightway. 
9.21 The bidder must quote for all the items mentioned in the Annexure including optional items / 

Services. In case any item not quoted, the bid shall be summarily rejected.  
9.22 Bidder must quote only one option (Make/model) against the third party items from amongst 

the items listed in the technical specifications.  
9.23 Vendor should not quote products which are nearly end of life during the empanelment. 

However if it happens, empanelled vendor will supply the next higher version of the technically 
accepted product at the same administered empanelled price. 

9.24 If required HARTRON in consultation with Concerned Department  may allow finally empanelled 
vendors to supply any of the technically qualified products (make / model), depending upon 
project requirements, at the same empanelled price provided, documentary evidence as per 
eligibility criteria is provided.  

 
10. BID EVALUATION PROCESS  

A. Bid Opening Process 
10.1 The covers containing EMD only will be opened in the first instance in the presence of 

representatives of the bidders who chose to remain present at the time of opening of e-bid as 
mentioned Time Schedule.  

10.2 Eligibility Criteria and Technical bids of only those bidders, whose EMD instruments are found 
to be in order, will be opened afterwards in the same bid opening session, in the presence of 
the vendor‟s representatives.  

10.3 Financial bids of only those bidders, whose bids found technically qualified, by the Technical 
Evaluation Committee, will be opened in the presence of the vendor‟s representatives 
subsequently for further evaluation. 

10.4  One authorized representative of each of the bidder would be permitted to be present at the 
time of aforementioned opening of the bids.  

10.5  Technical Evaluation Process 
10.6 Technical Bids will be evaluated by the duly constituted Technical Evaluation Committee (TEC) 

and will shortlist Technical Bids on the basis of technical parameters including possible visit to 
inspect manufacturing and supply facilities, if considered necessary. 

10.7 If considered, necessary, the short listed Bidders may be asked to bring one of each of the 
quoted products, as per specifications set out in “Minimum Technical specifications” for 
technical evaluation, along with their own test, measuring equipment and technical manpower, 
to HARTRON/ Concerned Department at vendor premises as per schedule to be intimated to 
them. In case the vendor fails to bring and demonstrate the working of quoted products within 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

23 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

the time frame given by HARTRON/ Concerned Department for evaluation, the bid shall be 
rejected. 

10.8 For Technical evaluation, bidders have to ensure the availability of appropriate specialist, 
along with every type of documentation required, from their organization for interacting with 
TEC & evaluation team. In case a bidder does not make the required specialist along with 
proper documentation available, then such defaulting bidder shall be taken off the tender 
evaluation process and the bid will stand rejected. 

10.9 During the technical evaluation, if any of the items FAIL to meet the specification requirement, 
no subsequent opportunity will be given to the bidder (s). However, a standby system of 
already quoted make & model, if available instantly on the spot could be considered by the 
TEC for evaluation only once.  

10.10 Bidders are advised to ensure that the systems if asked to bring for evaluation, conforms to all 
technical parameters and is a tested system. 

10.11 TEC may visit the vendors‟ premises for technical demonstration/evaluation if required. 
10.12 As part of technical evaluation, the bidders shall give presentation on how they will meet the 

schedule of delivery & how they will successfully carry out the installation of hardware orders 
so as to meet the schedule. They also should specify their inventory management & manpower 
deployment at State level for smooth implementation of the Project during warranty. Vendor 
must have a web based complaint registration system in place to cater online complaint 
registration and status monitoring from equipment installed locations across the country for 
the items supplied under the project. The system should have good response. During technical 
evaluation, bidder has to demonstrate their package.  

10.13 It is mandatory for the bidders to strictly adhere to the schedule of delivery & installation of 
hardware systems during implementation of the Project.  

 
B. Bids Evaluation Process (PQ cum Technical & Commercial) :  
An evaluation committee consisting by MD, HARTRON / CONCERNED DEPARTMENT will evaluate the bids 
of all the bidders both technically and commercially as per the following schedule/pattern. 
i. Only Pre-qualification cum Technical bid shall be opened on the day of opening of the bids as per 

tender document date at 3.00 pm 
ii. Conditional bids shall be summarily rejected. 
iii. The Pre-Qualification cum Technical bids:-The documents furnished by each bidder with its Pre-

Qualification cum Technical Bid and will be examined to see whether the qualifications and 
specific requirements mentioned in the tender document are fulfilled. 

iv. The Financial Bids of only those Bidders short listed from the Technical Bids by Technical 
Evaluation Committee (TEC) will be opened in the presence of their representatives on a 
specified date and time to be intimated to the respective Bidders by Tender Process Section, and 
the same will be evaluated by a duly constituted Finance Evaluation Committee (FEC). The place, 
date and time of the opening of the Commercial Bids shall be notified separately.  

v. If HARTRON in consultation with Concerned Department considers necessary, revised Financial 
Bids could be called for from the technically short-listed Bidders, before opening the original 
financial bids for recommending the final purchase. 

vi.  In the event of revised financial bids being called the revised bids should NOT be higher than the 
original bids except in case of change in Government levies and USD ($) – Exchange Rate 
Variations; otherwise the bid shall be rejected.  

vii. The NEGOTIATION will be as per the CVC guidelines prevailing at that point of time.  
viii. Lowest Quoting Bidder on totality (Complete Solution) will be selected as L1 bidder. 
ix. Least cost commercial proposal on totality of the proposal of the technically eligible bidder will 

be designated as L1. In case there are two or more bidders having the same „L1‟ price in the 
commercial bid than the purchaser have its right to place order any of the bidder or bidders. The 
bidder will be selected as per purchase procedure of Govt. of Haryana. 

x. The comparison shall be of all-inclusive price and such price to include all costs as well as 
freight, duties etc. 

xi. During evaluation of the bids, HARTRON/CONCERNED DEPARTMENT may, at its discretion, ask the 
Bidder for any clarification on its bid. The request for clarification and the response shall be in 
writing / email, and no change in the prices shall be sought, offered, or permitted during 
evaluation & after opening of commercial bids 

xii. To get best solution at right price or acceptable premium, purchaser may assign weightage to 
different parameters of solutions offered and prices by adopting a transparent criterion before 
opening of commercial bids. 

xiii. Rest terms & conditions as per the purchase procedure governed by CONCERNED DEPARTMENT 
/SIT/ Directorate of Supplies & Disposals, Haryana regarding one time purchase.  



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

24 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

xiv. No enquiry shall be made by the bidder(s) during the course of evaluation of the tender, after 
opening of bid, till final decision is conveyed to the successful bidder(s). However, the 
Committee/its authorized representative can make any enquiry/seek clarification from the 
bidders, which the bidders must furnish within the stipulated time else bid of such defaulting 
bidders will be rejected. 
 
 

11. RIGHT TO NEGOTIATION: The Competent Authority reserves the right for negotiation with the bidders 

as per the prevailing purchase procedures/policy of the State. The negotiation, if required, shall be 
carried out with the technically qualified lowest bidder or the bidders who will be within the range of 
5% from Lowest Bidder or from all the technically qualified bidder as per the procedure/policy of the 
State Govt./CVC at that point of time OR Competent Authority can invite all the technically qualified 
bidders to match the received lowest price. The tenderer also reserves the right to choose part or 
whole of the technically acceptable bids at individual costs quoted in the commercial bids. The 
Competent Authority reserves the right to split / divide the scanning & digitization work among all the 
bidders as per their requirement. 

 
 

12. RELEASE OF ORDER:  
a. HARTRON in consultation with Concerned Department  has issued the purchase order. 
b. Objection, if any, to the Purchase Order must be reported by the vendor within three (3) 

working days counted from the Date of Purchase Order for modifications, otherwise it is 
assumed that the vendor has accepted the Purchase Order in totality. This is applicable in case 
of electronic publishing/delivery of Purchase Order also. After receiving the Purchase Order, 
amendment if any, of the same Purchase Order is requested by the vendor or done by 
Concerned Department , installation period will be calculated from the amendment date and 
not from the original Purchase Order date. 

c. On the receipt of the Purchase Orders, the Vendor(s) shall obtain all the necessary documents 
for the State Entry Permit in respective States wherever required by them, for complete, safe 
and timely delivery of the ordered products. 

 
The bidder is expected to examine all the instructions, forms, terms & conditions and specifications in 
the indenting document. Further to furnish all the information required by the indenting document or 
submission of a bid in every respect will be at bidders risk and may result in rejection of the bid 
 
       Read and accepted                                                                         Signature on behalf of 

                                                                                                   
M/s __________________ 
Name __________________ 
Designation _______________ 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

25 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
13. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS  

13.1 Offer Acceptance: - Offers are to be submitted for complete solution/system along with 
required mentioned details of Hardware & Software. Offers received without these, tender 
may be ignored. 

 

13.2 FORMAT: - Any required details, which is not on the proper form and received late, may not be 
considered. 

 

13.3 Contract: - The conditions of contract attached to the form be returned duly signed along with 
the schedule and in case of non compliance the tender may be ignored. 

 

13.4 Subcontracts: - No sub-contract shall be allowed. The bidder cannot sublet the job or part of 
job to others company for the said job. One consortium partner, prior to submission of Bid is 
eligible. 

 

13.5 Opening Date: - In case the date of opening falls on holiday, gazetted or subsequently 
declared, the tender will be opened on the next working day following the closed day. 

 

13.6 Jurisdiction: - All disputes will be settled within the jurisdiction of Chandigarh. 
 
13.7 Partnership: - The tenderers must attach with their offers the partnership deed or constitution 

of the firm indicating the name of the proprietor. 
 
13.8 Bindings: - HARTRON does not bind himself to accept the lowest tender and reserve to himself 

the right to reject any or all tenders without assigning any reasons. 
 
13.9 Price Validity: - Final Price shall remain valid for the minimum period of one year from the 

date of issuance of purchase order. During the validity of this bid, Final Price or during the 
extended period, if any, if the bidder sells any system or sub-system of the same or equivalent 
configuration to any other Department/Organization in India at a price lower than the price 
fixed for the Purchaser, the bidder shall automatically pass on the benefits to the Purchaser. 

 
13.10 Prices quoted should be FOR destination inclusive of current excise duty, freight, insurance, 

sales tax / GST etc. and are to be quoted in Indian Rupees only.   
 

13.11 Payment Terms: 
i. Bills may be raised by the successful bidder at the end of each month for the work 

performed during the month after proper handholding, quality checking and receipt of 
scanned volume so that payment may be made after due verification of the work done by 
the successful bidder during the relevant month. 

ii. If the work has been performed as per the agreed terms, payment for scanning & 
digitization under the contract will be made on monthly basis, subject to statutory and 
other deductions, penalties and damages recoverable under the contract. 

iii. If during the currency of the delivery period stipulated in the work order, there is any 
variation in the statutory levies e.g. Sales Tax, Excise Duty, Custom Duty or GST etc, the 
same shall be allowed against documentary proof produced by the bidder. 

iv. No extra payment resulting from such variation shall, however, be made if the same 
becomes effective after the expiry of the delivery period originally stipulated in the Work 
Order. 

 
13.12 Timeline for execution & completion of job: The Bidder will be given maximum 90 working days 

excluding Saturday, Sunday & Public Holidays to complete the project department wise from 
the date of award of work of respective department. 
 

13.13 Penalty Clause: The bidder shall be liable for deduction of payment in case of delay/non-
completion of assigned job in stipulated time from the date of issuance of data as per details 
given hereunder:- 

i. The Data / document may be issued to the bidder daily / weekly / monthly basis and the 
bidder should have to complete within the same day / week / month. 

ii. No payment will be deducted for 90 working days to complete the project from the date 
of award of work of respective department. 

iii. After 90 working days, in case of any delay in the execution of the project by the 
successful bidder, it will be open to the HARTRON / Department to impose a penalty @ 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

26 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

upto 10% of the amount of work not performed. In such an event, the successful bidder 
will also be required to complete the remaining work within the period of 15 working 
days from the issuance of notice. Thereafter, order will be stand cancelled & no payment 
will be released.  

iv. However, no penalty will be "imposed" on vendor if there is on delay on vendor side. 
v. The penalty amount will be withheld by the respective Department and to be released 

only after review the details by the Committee. 
vi. The pendency of work is allowable upto maximum 15 working days thereafter; 

HARTRON/Department reserves the right to take appropriate action upto the extent of 
cancelation of work order, imposing of penalty, forfeiture of EMD, Blacklisting of firm. 

vii. Delay in providing documents to the vendor by the concerned department shall not be 
considered in the calculation of delay. In case of non-availability of pages to be scanned, 
the firm has to inform the nodal officer in writing with a copy to Hartron. 

viii. Any variation in miss-match/linking of documents with the desired data while scanning of 
documents (OR) wrong retrieval of records/ images (OR) non-retrieval of records / 
images shall be treated as errors and shall be the responsibility of the vendor. 
In case of such errors, 

% of error in pages Deduction of Amount 

Upto 0.5% Nil 

Greater than 0.5% and upto 1% 03% 

Greater than 1.0% and upto 2% 05% 

Greater than 2.0% and upto 5% 10% 

Greater than 5.0% No Payment 

 
13.14 MIS Utility: The bidder will also prepare Web based MIS utility (open source based) for checking 

the scanning status and will share the reports regarding Scanning and Digitization of documents 
on daily basis with HARTRON, CM Digital Cell, NIC & Concerned Department.  
 

13.15 PBG: EMD of successful bidder will be retained as PBG and will be released only after 
completion of job / receipt of completion certificate from Competent Authority of Concerned 
Department. 
 

13.16 INDEMNITY: 
i. The Company/Agency will indemnify HARTRON and its client organizations of all legal 

obligations of its professionals deployed concerned department. 
ii. HARTRON/Department and its Clients also stand absolved of any liability on account of 

death or injury sustained by the Agency staff during the performance of this 
empanelment and also for any damages or compensation due to any dispute between the 
agency and its staff. 

iii. HARTRON/Department will not be responsible for any violation of IPRs by the 
Company/Agency in the discharge of work assigned. 

 
 

13.17 TERMINATION OF JOB 
i. Termination for Insolvency: HARTRON/Department may at any time terminate the 

work order / contract by giving written notice of four weeks to the agency, without 
any compensation to the agency, if the agency becomes bankrupt or otherwise 
insolvent. 
 

ii. Termination for default 
a. Default is said to have occurred 

 If the agency fails to deliver any or all of the services within the time 
period(s) specified in the work order or any extension thereof granted by 
HARTRON/Department. 

 If the agency fails to perform any other obligation(s) under the contract / 
work order. 

 
b. If the agency, in either of the above circumstances, does not take remedial steps 

within a period of 15 days after receipt of the default notice from Department (or 
takes longer period in spite of what Department/HARTRON may authorize in 
writing), HARTRON/Department may terminate the contract / work order in whole 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

27 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

or in part. In addition to above, High Court may at its discretion also take the 
following actions. 
 

c. HARTRON/Department may transfer upon such terms and in such manner, as it 
deems appropriate work order for similar service to other agency and the 
defaulting agency will be liable to compensate HARTRON/Department for any extra 
expenditure involved towards support service to complete the scope of work 
totally. 

 
13.18 RISK PURCHASE : If the selected bidder is not able to fulfill its obligations under the contract, 

which includes non-completion of the work, HARTRON reserves the right to select another 
bidder to accomplish the work. Any costs, damages etc. resulting out of the same shall have to 
be borne by the selected bidder. 
 

13.19 LOSS OF DOCUMENT: In case of loss or damage to the documents/ record retaining and digital 
copies, the bidder shall be liable for deduction of payment maximum of the 10% of the contract 
value as per discretion of HARTRON/Department. 
 

13.20 FORCE MAJEURE 
a. Force majeure clause will mean and be limited to the following in the execution of 

the contract / purchase orders placed by HARTRON/Department :- 
 War / hostilities. 
 Riot or Civil commotion 
 Earthquake, flood, tempest, lightning or other natural physical disaster. 
 Restriction imposed by the statuary authority, which prevent or delay 

the execution of the order by the statuary authority. 
b. The bidder will advise High Court in writing, duly certified by the local Chamber of 

Commerce, the beginning and the end of the above causes of delay, within seven 
days of the occurrence and cessation of the force majeure conditions. In the event 
of a delay lasting for more than one month, if arising out of clauses of force 
majeure, HARTRON reserve the right to cancel the order without any obligation to 
compensate the agency in any manner for what so ever reason. 

 

13.21 ARBITRATION: If any question, difference or objection whatsoever arise in any way connected 

with or arising out of this instrument or the meaning or operation of any part thereof or the 
rights, duties or liabilities of either party  then save in so far as the decision of any such matter 
is herein before provided for and has been so decided, every such matter including whether its 
decision has been otherwise provided for and/or whether it has been finally decided 
accordingly or whether the contract should be terminated or has been rightly terminated in 
whole or part and as regards the rights and obligations of the parties as the result of such 
termination, shall  be referred for arbitration of the Principal Secretary to Govt. Haryana, E&IT 
Department or his nominee and his decision shall be final and binding and where the matter 
involves a claim amount if any awarded in such arbitration shall be recoverable in respect of 
the matters so referred. 
 

13.22 JURISDICTION: The Civil Court at Chandigarh will have the exclusive jurisdiction in regard to 
the matter arising out of this agreement.  
 

13.23 The Bidder shall perform the services and carry out its obligations under the Contract with due 
diligence and efficiency, in accordance with generally accepted techniques and practice used 
in the industry and with professional engineering and training/consulting standards recognized 
by national/international professional bodies and shall observe sound management, technical 
and engineering practices. It shall employ appropriate advanced technology and safe and 
effective equipment, machinery, material and methods. The Bidder shall always act, in respect 
of any matter relating to this Contract, as faithful advisors to HARTRON/Department and shall, 
at all times, support and safeguard HARTRON/Department legitimate interests in any dealings 
with Third parties. 
 

13.24 HARTRON reserves the right to access the performance of the bidder prior to commencement 
or in between the work progress. The assessment may cover all areas related to the assigned 
work order, especially methodology, manpower, infrastructure etc. HARTRON reserves the 
right to cancel the work order assigned to the bidder at any time which includes the time after 
the completion of assigned work without assigning any reason for the same.  In case the work 
order is cancelled then the costs incurred will be borne by the bidder and under no 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

28 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

circumstances the bidder shall be eligible for any payment or damages from the HARTRON/ 
Department. 
 

13.25 The selected bidder shall not, without HARTRON prior written consent, disclose the Contract, 
or any provision thereof, or any specification, plan, drawing, pattern, sample of information 
furnished by or on behalf of HARTRON in connection therewith, to any person other than a 
person employed by the Bidder in the Performance of the Contract. Disclosure to any such 
employed person shall be made in confidence and shall extend only so far as may be necessary 
for purpose of such performance. 
 

13.26 The selected bidder or his employees will not disclose the content of documents given for 
scanning or archiving, the details related to HARTRON/Department, to any person. The 
selected bidder should not also disclose these above things to any of its existing or future 
clients either in softcopy of hard copy form. 
 

13.27 The selected bidder shall indemnify the HARTRON/Department against all third party claims of 
infringement of patent, trademark/copyright or industrial design rights arising from the use of 
the supplied software/ hardware/ manpower etc. and related series or any part thereof. 
 

13.28 The selected bidder shall not outsource the works assigned to any other bidder under any 
circumstances. This violation will attract forfeiture of EMD/Security deposit and cancellation of 
work order. The cost incurred on executing the work order through alternate sources will also 
be recovered from the outstanding bills or by raising claims. 
 

13.29 Alternations if any in the tender should be attested properly by the bidder, failing which the 
tender is liable to be rejected. 
 

13.30 APPLICABLE LAW 

i. The bidder shall be governed by the laws and procedures established by HARTRON, within 
the framework of applicable legislation and enactment made from time to time concerning 
such commercial dealings/processing. 

ii. All disputes in this connection shall be settled in jurisdiction of Punjab & Haryana High 
Court. 

iii. HARTRON reserves the right to cancel this bid or modify the requirement without assigning 
any reasons. The purchaser will not be under obligation to give clarifications for the same. 

iv. HARTRON reserves the right that the work can be allocated to any of the qualifying 
vendors. 

v. HARTRON also reserves the right to relax any of the terms & conditions of the bid. 
vi. HARTRON, without assigning any further reason can reject any bid(s), found deficit in any 

manner. 
vii. HARTRON also reserves the right to award works/supply order on quality/technical basis, 

which depends on quality/capability of the system and infrastructure. 
 

13.31 Capacity: The bidder shall have to give the blue print/methodology with the capacity details, 
technology along-with Hardware/Software along-with detail of manpower to be used for 
execution of scanning & digitization of records of the courts. The bidder should have to make 
presentation which will have to show in the presence of selection Committee. The Presentation 
must be of maximum 45 minutes. 

 

13.32 Risk and Cost Recovery: In the event of non-execution of the assigned job in time, the 
EMD/Security shall be forfeited. Further, if HARTRON / Concerned Department have to get the 
same or part of it from any other bidder because of failure to complete the job in full or part 
by the successful bidder, the difference in payment may be made from this EMD/Security 
deposit. The HARTRON / Concerned Department against EMD/Security can also make any other 
adjustment or default on the part of bidder. 

 
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

29 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 

13.33 Commercial Bid 
 The commercial bid shall indicate the unit prices inclusive of all taxes & duties (wherever 

applicable) with FOR destination and total Bid Prices of the deliverables it proposes to 
deliver under the contract. All prices must be quoted in Indian rupees only. 

 Prices for upgrades, Subassemblies, Accessories should also be suitably quoted wherever 
necessary.  

 Price indicated on the Price Schedule shall be inclusive of all taxes, and charges. 
 Prices quoted by the Bidder shall be fixed during the Bidder's performance of the contract 

and not subject to variation on any account. A bid submitted with an adjustable price 
quotation will be treated as non-responsive and will be rejected. 

 If there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by 
multiplying the unit price and quantity, the unit price shall prevail and the total price shall 
be corrected 

 All prices and other information like discounts (on volumes or otherwise) etc. having a 
bearing on the price shall be written both in figures and words in the prescribed offer 
form. If there is discrepancy between the price / information quoted in words and figures, 
the price/information quoted in words will be treated as final. 

 The purchaser will open the Commercial bids of only those bidders, which have been found 
to be technically qualified to undertake the job. 

 The Commercial Bids of the technically qualified bidders shall be opened in the presence of 
their representatives, who choose to be present, on a specified date and time and venue at 
their own cost. 

 Least cost commercial proposal of the proposal of the technically eligible bidder will be 
designated as L1. In case there are two or more bidders having the same „L1‟ price in the 
commercial bid than the purchaser have its right to place order any of the bidder or 
bidders. 

 
13.34 Award of Contract / Award Criteria  

 The Purchaser will award the Contract to the successful Bidder whose bid has been 
determined to be substantially responsive and has been determined as the best evaluated 
bid provided further that the Bidder is determined to be qualified to perform the Contract 
satisfactorily. 

 The Purchaser reserves the right at the time of contract award to increase or decrease the 
quantity of documents (as per actual requirement). 

 The Purchaser reserves the right to accept or reject any bid, and to annul the bidding 
process and reject all bids at any time prior to award of Contract, without thereby 
incurring any liability to the affected Bidder or Bidders or any obligation to inform the 
affected Bidder or Bidders of the grounds for the Purchaser's action. 

 Prior to the expiration of the period of bid validity, the Purchaser will notify the successful 
Bidder in writing by registered letter or by fax or mail to be confirmed in writing by 
registered or hand delivered letter, that its bid has been accepted. 

 The notification of award will constitute the formation of the Contract. 
 Upon the successful Bidder's furnishing of performance security, the Purchaser will 

promptly notify each unsuccessful Bidder and will discharge its bid security. 
 
 

13.35 Forfeiture of Earnest Money/Performance security:- 
A. Forfeiture of Earnest Money:- 
i. If the Bidder withdraws his bid before the expiry of validity or after the acceptance of the bid, 

the Earnest Money Deposited by the bidder for their empanelment will be forfeited. 
ii. If the Bidder fails to comply with any of the terms, conditions or requirement of order and the 

technical specifications of the tender document, the Earnest Money deposited by the Bidder for 
their empanelment will be forfeited. 

iii. If the bidder withdraws the Bid for any reason whatsoever 
iv. If the Bidder withdraws his bid before the expiry of validity or after the acceptance of the bid, 

the Earnest Money Deposited by the bidder will be forfeited. 
v. If the Bidder fails to comply with any of the terms, conditions or requirement of order and the 

technical specifications of the tender document. The Earnest Money deposited by the Bidder 
will be forfeited.  

vi. In case successful bidder fails to comply with the delivery period as specified the earnest 
money deposit will be forfeited. 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

30 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

vii. If the bidder whose Bid has been accepted, fails to execute the Agreement 
viii. If the bidder adopts unfair practices to influence the outcomes of the Bid process 
ix. EMD of successful bidder will be treated as PBG. 

 
B. Forfeiture of Performance Security (EMDs submitted with HARTRON will be treated as 

performance security for this rate contract):- 
i. The Corporation reserves the right of forfeiture of the performance guarantee in the event of 

the contractor‟s failure to fulfill any of the contractual obligations or in the event of 
termination of contract as per terms & conditions of contract. 

ii. In case the successful bidder fails to submit the performance guarantee of the requisite 
amount within the stipulated period or extended period, letter of Award automatically will 
stand withdrawn and EMD of the contractor shall be forfeited. 

iii. In case successful bidder fails to comply with the delivery period as specified in the work 
order/contract, the Performance security deposited by the vendor will be forfeited. 

 
13.36 Cancellation of Order: 

i) In the event of the successful bidder failing duly and properly to fulfill the order or 
committing breach of any of the terms and conditions of this order or repeatedly supplying 
goods liable to rejection hereunder or failing, declining, neglecting or delay to comply with 
any demand or requisition or otherwise not executing the same in accordance with terms of 
this contract or if the bidder or his agent or servants being guilty of fraud in respect of this 
contract or any of his partners or representatives found directing, giving, promising or 
offering any bribes, gratuity, gift loan, perquisite, reward  or advantage pecuniary or 
otherwise to any person in the employment of Government in any way relating to such 
officers or person or persons, officer or employment or if the bidder or any of his partners 
become insolvent or apply for relief as insolvent debtor or commence any insolvency 
proceedings or make any composition with his/their creditors or attempts to do so, then 
without prejudice to HARTRON‟s rights and remedies otherwise, HARTRON shall  be 
entitled to cancellation of order forth with and to blacklist the bidder and may claim back 
all or part of the money already paid to the bidder. 

ii) If during the currency of execution of order, the successful bidder becomes bankrupt or 
otherwise insolvent or is likely to become insolvent or bankrupt, HARTRON may, at any 
time, cancel the order by giving written notice to the successful bidder. Notwithstanding 
the above, such termination will not prejudice or affect any right of action or remedy 
which has accrued or will accrue thereafter to HARTRON and IT Department.  

 
13.37 Consequences of Cancellation of Order: 

i) Upon cancellation of order, the successful bidder shall deliver or cause to be delivered all 
works carried out for and on account of the indenting department and all data and records 
required from or on account of the HARTRON. 

ii) Cancellation of order shall not affect any continuing obligations of the successful bidder 
under the Contract Agreement, which, either expressly or by necessary implication, are to 
survive its expiry or termination such as confidentiality obligations of the successful bidder. 

iii) Upon cancellation of order for any reason whatsoever, the successful bidder shall return to 
the HARTRON any and all confidential information and any other property of the HARTRON. 

iv) HARTRON may procure services similar to those undelivered, upon such terms and in such 
manner, as it deems appropriate, at the risk and responsibility of the successful bidder and 
the successful bidder shall be liable for any additional costs for such services.  

v) The successful bidder shall continue the performance of the order to the extent not 
terminated. 

vi) Upon cancellation of order for whatsoever, HARTRON shall have the right to perform the 
following penalties:- 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

31 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

a) Forfeiture of earnest money  
b) Imposition of liquidated damage. 
c) Black listing of the successful bidder. 

 
13.38 Billing: - The bill shall be raised in the name of HARTRON and payment shall be released by 

HARTRON after verification of details from Concerned Authority. 
 

 
13.39 Technical and Purchase Committee have right to change the scope & specifications before 

opening of the commercial offers for the betterment for project. In case the specifications are 
changed then the bidders will have the right to submit the revised commercial offer. 

 
13.40 Negotiation Rights: HPPC / Purchase Committee reserves the right to call all or any selected 

parties for negotiations before issuing of work order. 
 

13.41 Purchase Process: Purchase of specific quantity of stores, goods and award of Turnkey 
Contracts shall be generally determined based on the rates quoted by the L1 bidder if the quoted 
rates are found to be reasonable by the indenting Department and negotiations, if any, held with 
the lowest bidder. However, the negotiations could be held upto L3 bidder, if the difference 
between L1 quoted rate and those quoted by L2 & L3 is within  5% of the L1 quoted rate. In cases 
where the L1 bidder refuses to further reduce his offered price and the L2 or L3 bidders come 
forward to offer a price which is better than the prices offered by L1 bidder, the bidder whose 
price is accepted becomes the L1 bidder. However, in such a situation, the original L1 bidder may 
be given one more opportunity to improve upon the discovered price. In case the original L1 
bidder further improves upon the price discovered during the negotiations, he would be treated 
as the L1 bidder. 
 

13.42 Price Fall Clause: HPPC / MD, HARTRON can accept lower rates from the vendor at any stage 
during the contract under price fall clause. Further, if the firm reduces the price of the items of 
the offered models/replaced models with same or better specifications during the 
contract/supplies, then the rates will also be reduced accordingly. 
 

13.43 Applicable Law 

 The agency shall be governed by the laws and procedures established by Govt. of India, within 
the framework of applicable legislation and enactment made from time to time concerning 
such commercial dealings/processing. 

 All disputes in this connection shall be settled in Chandigarh jurisdiction.  

 HARTRON reserves the right to cancel this tender or modify the requirement, at any stage of 
Tender process cycle.  

 HARTRON also reserves the right to modify/relax any of the terms & conditions of the tender 
by declaring / publishing such amendments in a manner that all prospective vendors / parties 
to be kept informed about it.  

 HARTRON in view of projects requirement may reject any tender(s), in which any prescribed 
condition(s) is/are found incomplete in any respect and at any processing state.  

 The vendor should provide with every System manual and related User manual, irrespective of 
the fact that more then one system may be meant for any location. 
  

13.44 Signing of Contract: At the time as the purchaser notifies the successful bidder that its bid has 
been accepted, the Purchaser will send the Bidder the Contract agreement of the Bidding 
Documents, incorporating all agreements between the parties. Within fifteen (15) days of receipt 
of the Contract Form, the successful Bidder shall sign and date the Contract and return it to the 
Purchaser. 
 

13.45 The HARTRON does not bind himself to accept the lowest tender and reserve to himself the 
right to reject any or all tenders without assigning any reasons. 
 

 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

32 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
 Format to respond the tender 

 
11.1 Pre-Qualification cum Technical bid Format 
 

(To be submitted on the Letter head of the bidder) 
To, 
Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (HARTRON) 
SCO 111-113 Sector 17 B, Chandigarh. 160017 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Tender ID: e-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 
 
Sub:  ________________________________________________________________________. 

 

1) Having examined the Tender document, I/We [name of the bidder (s)], the undersigned, herewith 
submit our response to your Tender Notification dated _________________ for selection of vendor 
for the rate contract of supply installation and commissioning of items _________________   in full 
conformity with the said tender document no ______________. 

2) I/We have read the provisions of the Tender document and confirm that these are acceptable to 
us. Hence, we are hereby submitting our Bid. 

3) I/We agree to abide by this Tender, consisting of this letter, financial bid and all attachments, for 
a period of 180 days from the closing date fixed for submission of bid as stipulated in the Tender 
document / opening date of PQ cum Technical bid. 

4) I/We undertake that, in competing for (and, if the award is made to us, in executing) the above 
contract, we will strictly observe the laws against fraud and corruption, in force in India.  

5) I/We understand that Hartron/Department is not bound to accept/annul any bid received in 
response to this Tender. 

6) In case I/We are engaged by Hartron/Department as service provider, I/We shall provide all 
assistance/cooperation required by Hartron/ Department appointed auditing agencies officials for 
performing their auditing and inspection functions. I/We understand that our non-cooperation for 
the same shall be grounds for termination of service. 

7) In case I/We are engaged as a vendor, we agree to abide by all the terms & conditions of the 
Contract and Guidelines issued by Hartron/Department from time to time. 

8)  I/ We have submitted requisite fee and EMD as per procedure laid in the Tender. All other 
required documents (details given in summary table below) as per the stated Qualification Criteria 

9) Our Entity‟s profile  is as under:-  

S# Required details Remarks 

1.  Legal Name of Entity  

2.  Type of Business 

 Corporation 
 Individual 
 Sole Proprietorship 
 Joint Venture 
 Partnership 
 Limited Liability Partnership 
 Other 

3.  Company Identification No. (CIN)  

4.  

Business Address: 
City 
District 
State 
Zip code 
Telephone Nos.: 
Contact email: 

 

5.  

Registered Address of the Company: 
Address: 
City 
District 
State 

 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

33 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

Zip code 
Contact Person: 
Telephone Nos.: 
Contact email: 
Company Website URL 

6.  

 PAN No. of bidder 
 TAN No. of bidder 
 VAT or  CST of bidder 
GSTN of bidder 

 

7.  
Has the firm transacted business under any other 
previous names? 
If yes, under which name business transacted 

 Yes  
 No 

8.  

Ownership of the Company/Firm: 

 Whether Company owned or controlled by parent 
Company? 

 If yes, complete the following: 
       Legal name of the parent company 

Full address of parent company 
City 
District 
State 
Zip/Pin 

 
 Yes  
 No 

 
 

 

9.  Relationship with the parent company 
 Subsidiary 
 Division 

10.  Date of ownership  

11.  

Shareholding pattern of Parent Company:  

 Percentage of shares held by the parent company  

 Other majority shareholders in the Indian Company  

 Details of Board of Directors  

12.  

Name of Bid and Contract Signing 
 Authority – I 
Name 
Designation 
Contact No. 
Email: 
Power Of Attorney or resolution of Board of Directors 
through which authorized as signatory  

 Authority – II 
Name 
Designation 
Contact No. 
Email: 
Power Of Attorney or resolution of Board of Directors 
through which authorized as signatory 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

13.  

 Memorandum of Association and Articles of 
Association of the company 

 Bye Laws and certificates of registration (in case of 
registered firm) 

 

14. 
Whether MOA of Bidding Company allows entering into 
the bid of respective services? If yes, indicate the 
relevant clause. 

 
 

 
 
Our Entity‟s Financial Details is give as under:- 

1.  Authorized Capital of the Indian Company  

2.  Paid up Capital of the Company  

3.  Turnover of the Indian company for last 3 F.Y.  

4.  Net worth of the Indian company for  last 3 F.Y.  

5.   Profit of the Indian company for last 3 F.Y.  

6.  Customer references   



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

34 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

7.  Past 1-3 year supply record  

8.  Quality certificates received, if any  

9.  Customer approval letters if any  

10.  Awards and recognition received , if any   

11.  After sales support mechanism  

 
Bank Details:- 

1.  Bank Name & Address   

2.  Branch Address  

3.  Bank Account Type  

4.  Bank Account No.  

5.  IFSC Code  

 
Our entity‟s Legal Details 

1.  

In the past five years prior to the date of this application, has this 
entity or any principal of the entity has been deemed to be in 
default on any contract, or been forcefully terminated from any 
contract? If yes, state the names of the entity, relationship to firm 
and the circumstances. (Submit affidavit) 

 Yes   
 No. 

2.  
Whether an undertaking (Affidavit) submitted that the bidder has not 
been blacklisted/debarred by any central/state Government 
department/organization 

 Yes 
 No 

3.  
Whether an undertaking submitted to the effect that there has been 
no litigation with any Government department/organization on 
account of similar services 

 Yes 
 No 

4.  
Whether the entity has undergone legal proceedings in the past three 
years. If yes, Submit details 

 Yes   
 No 

 
 

Technical part 
 
Technical Information about Bidder Company 

Present installed capacity for Scanning & Digitization  (per day)  

Capacity Utilization  

Experience in Scanning & Digitization work  (since when, indicate month & 
year – attach supporting documents, if any) 

 

 
Available Infrastructure Details: 

S# Item Offered Make & Model Qty. 

    

    

 
Detail of Technical Trained Manpower: 

S# Level of the Employee Qualification Years of Exp. 

    

    

 

Yours Sincerely, 
 
Authorized Signatory (ies)[In full and initials]: ___________________________ 
Name and Title of Signatory (ies): _________________________________ 
Name of Bidding Company/Firm: ____________________________________ 
Address: ____________________________________  
(Affix the Official Seal of the Bidding Company) 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

35 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
 

11.2 Commercial Bid Format 

 
(To be submitted on the Letter Head of the bidder) 

To, 
 
Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (HARTRON) 
SCO 111-113 Sector 17 B,  
Chandigarh. 160017 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Tender ID: e-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 
 
Sub:  ________________________________________________________________________. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 

1) We hereby offer the following rates for scanning & digitization of documents:- 

 

S# Description 
Documents 

Volume 

Rate in INR 
per PDF page 
in simplex / 

One side page 

GST as 
applicable 

Unit Price 
inclusive 
of GST 

Total cost 
(in Rs.) 

1.  Scanning & digitization of 
documents, Retrieval of records 
in electronic form (Searchable 
PDF), tool for easy and fast 
tracking & retrieval of 
documents. Preparation of File 
Indexing & Metadata with its 
integration. 

Approx. 1.50 
Crore Pages 

   ________ x  
1,50,00,000 

 
Total Project Cost in Words: _________________________________________________________________ 
 
Note: Scanning rates in paisa should be considered upto first two digits (i.e. `0.00/- only) at the time of 
evaluation.  

 

 
2) We agree to execute the work of scanning & digitization of records as per defined scope of work of the 

tender. 
3) The prices quoted will be valid till the completion of project. 
4) We agree to abide by our offer upto one year from the date fixed for opening of the Tenders and that 

we shall remain bound by a communication of acceptance within that time. 
5) We hereby certify that we have read and understood the terms and conditions of the tender and the 

conditions of the Contract applicable to the tender and we do hereby undertake to execute as per 
these terms and conditions. 

6) Certified that the Bidder is: 
A sole proprietorship firm and the person signing the tender is the sole proprietor/constituted attorney 
of the sole proprietor. 

OR 
A partnership firm, and the person signing the tender is a partner of the firm and he has authority to 
refer to arbitration disputes concerning the business of the partnership by virtue of the partnership 
agreement/by virtue of general power of attorney. 

OR 
A company and the person signing the tender is the constituted attorney. 
 
NOTE: Delete whatever is not applicable as per eligibility criteria mention at clause 12. All 
corrections/deletions should invariably be duly attested by the person authorized to sign the tender 
document. 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

36 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
 

1) We do hereby undertake that until a formal Contract is prepared and executed, this bid, 
together with your written acceptance thereof and placement of letter of intent awarding the 
Contract shall constitute a binding Contract between us. 

 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
Authorized Signatory (ies)[In full and initials]: ___________________________ 

Name and Title of Signatory (ies): _________________________________ 

Name of Bidding Company/Firm: ____________________________________ 

Address: ____________________________________  

(Affix the Official Seal of the Bidding Company) 

 

Date: ____________________________ 

     
 
 

Note:  

 If there is a discrepancy between the unit price and the total price that is obtained by multiplying 
the unit price and quantity, the unit price shall prevail and the total price shall be corrected. 
 

 All prices and other information like discounts (on volumes or otherwise) etc. having a bearing on 
the price shall be written both in figures and words in the prescribed offer form. If there is 
discrepancy between the price / information quoted in words and figures, the price/information 
quoted in words will be treated as final. 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

37 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

Annexure-I 

 
Bidding Document Acknowledgement Form 

(To be enclosed with technical bid) 
 
To, 
Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (HARTRON) 
SCO 111-113 Sector 17 B,  
Chandigarh. 160017 
 
Tender ID: e-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 
 
I/We hereby acknowledge we have downloaded a complete set of Bidding Document enclosed to 
the "Invitation for Bid” pertaining to tender Notification dated ___________________ along with 
corrigendum, if any, for the selection of vendor for E-Tender for __________________________. 
 
I/We have noted that the closing date for receipt of this tender document by Hartron is 
_____________ at 2:30 PM. 
 
I/We guarantee that the contents of the above said Bidding Documents will be kept confidential 
within our organization and text of the said documents shall remain the property of Hartron and 
that the said documents are to be used only for the purpose intended by Hartron. 
 
 
 
Authorized Signatory (ies)[In full and initials]: ___________________________ 
Name and Title of Signatory (ies): _________________________________ 
Name of Bidding Company/Firm: ____________________________________ 
Address: ____________________________________ (Affix the Official Seal of the Bidding 
Company) 
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

38 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
Annexure 2 

 
AFFIDAVIT 

Self-Declaration on not being blacklisted to be submitted by bidder on non-judicial stamp paper 
of Rs. 10/- (Rupees Ten only to be duly attested by Notary Public) 

 
 
(To be enclosed with Technical bid) 
Date: _____________ 
 
From  
_______________________ 
_______________________ 
 
To 
The Managing Director, 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation  
SCO: 109-110, Sector 17B Chandigarh 
 
 
I, _____________________________________son of Sh. _____________________________ 
resident of ______________________________________________________do hereby solemnly 
affirm and declare as under:-   
 
 
That we M/s ________________________________________________________ hereby confirm 
that we M/s ___________________________________________________ has not been 
blacklisted by any State Government/ Central Government/ Public Sector Undertakings during 
the last three years and further confirm that our EMD/SD/Performance bank guarantee has not 
been forfeited by any State Government / Central Government / Public Sector Undertakings 
during the last three years due to our non-performance, non-compliance with the tender 
conditions etc. 
 
That we M/s________________________________________________________ hereby declare 
that all the particulars furnished by us in this Tender are true to the best of my/our knowledge 
and I/We understand and accept that if at any stage, the information furnished is found to be 
incorrect or false, I/We am/ are liable for disqualification from this tender and also are liable 
for any penal action that may arise due to the above. 
 
That we M/s ___________________________________________________________ certify that 
no refurbished components are used in the manufacturing and supply of Quoted Items and its 
related accessories / tendered items.  
 
That in case of violation of any of the conditions above, We M/s ______________________ 
understand that We M/s _____________________are liable to be blacklisted by Hartron for a 
period of three years from participating any tender published by Haryana Government. 
 

DEPONENT 
Verification: 
Verified that the contents of the above affidavit of mine are true and correct to the best of my 
knowledge and nothing has been concealed therein. 
 

DEPONENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

39 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
 

 (Authenticity of submitted documents/information‟s) 

                                                    AFFIDAVIT 
 

(To be submitted by bidder on non-judicial stamp paper of Rs. 100/-  
(Rupees Hundred only to be duly attested by Notary Public) 

 
Affidavit of Mr. ______________________________S/o 
_______________________________________ R/o ____________________________________I, 
the deponent above named do hereby solemnly affirm and declare as under:- 
1.  That I am the Proprietor/Authorized signatory of M/s _____________________________ 

Having its Head Office/Regd. Office at __________________________________ 
2.  That the information/documents/Experience certificates submitted by 

M/s________________________________ along with the tender for 
__________________________ (Name of work)_______________________ to the 

Corporation are genuine and true and nothing has been concealed. 
3.  I shall have no objection in case the Corporation verifies them from issuing authority 

(ies). I shall also have no objection in providing the original copy of the document(s), in 
case the Corporation demand so for verification. 

4.  I hereby confirm that in case, any document, information & / or certificate submitted by 
me found to be incorrect / false / fabricated, the Corporation at its discretion may 
disqualify / reject / terminate the bid/contract and also forfeit the EMD / All dues. 

5.  I shall have no objection in case NBCC verifies any or all Bank Guarantee(s) under any of 
the clause(s) of Contract including those issued towards EMD and Performance Guarantee 
from the Zonal Branch /office issuing Bank and I/We shall have no right or claim on my 
submitted EMD before the Corporation receives said verification. 

6.  That the Bank Guarantee issued against the EMD issued by (name and address of the 
Bank) is genuine and if found at any stage to be incorrect / false / fabricated, the 
Corporation shall reject my bid, cancel pre-qualification and debar me from participating 
in any future tender for three years. 

I___________________________________________ the Proprietor/authorized signatory of M/s 
_______________________________________ do hereby confirm that the contents of the 
above. 
Affidavit are true to my knowledge and nothing has been concealed there from 
_____________________________ and that no part of it is false. 
 
Verified at _______________________this______________________day of __________________ 
 
                                                                                                                            DEPONENT 
ATTESTED BY (NOTARY PUBLIC) 
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

40 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

Annexure 3 
 

Statutory Undertaking 
 

(To be enclosed with Technical bid) 
 
Date: _____________ 
 
Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (HARTRON) 
SCO 111-113 Sector 17 B, Chandigarh. 160017 
 
I/We (Name of the Bidder) having registered office at (Address of the registered office) and 
local office at (Address of the local office), hereby declare and confirm that- 
 

1) The contents of the Tender have been carefully gone through and we undertake to 
fully comply with the terms & conditions specified in the tender document including 
addendum, if any thereof. 

 
2) I/We are not engaged into litigation as of date with any Government Department/ 

PSU/ Autonomous body on account of similar services for indulging in corrupt or 
fraudulent practices. We also confirm that we are not determined non-performing by 
any of the entities specified above. 

 
3) Neither the Bidder nor any of its Directors are the subject of criminal or civil 

proceedings that could be expected to adversely affect its business or its ability to Bid 
in the present tender. 

 
4) We understand that the technical Bid, if found incomplete in any respect and/or if 

found with conditional compliance or not accompanied with the requisite Bid Security/ 
Earnest Money Deposit, shall be summarily rejected. 

 
5) We  understand  that  if  at  any  time,  any  averments  made  or  information 

furnished as part of this Bid is found incorrect, then its Bid and the contract if 
awarded on the basis of such Bid shall be cancelled. 

 
6) We offer to execute the work in accordance with the Terms of Reference and 

Conditions of Contract of this Tender. 

 
7) The information provided in the technical proposal (including the attachments) is true, 

accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge & belief. 

 
Authorized Signatory (ies)[In full and initials]: ___________________________ 
Name and Title of Signatory (ies): _________________________________ 
Name of Bidding Company/Firm: ____________________________________ 
Address: ____________________________________ (Affix the Official Seal of the Bidding 
Company) 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

41 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
Annexure 4 

 
CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMITY / NO DEVIATION 

 
{to be filled & submitted by the bidder on their letterhead } 

 

(To be enclosed with Technical bid) 
 
Date: _____________ 
 
Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (HARTRON) 
SCO 111-113 Sector 17 B, Chandigarh. 160017 
 
This is to certify that, the specifications of Hardware & Software which I/ We have mentioned 
in the Technical bid, and which I/ We shall supply if I/ We am/ are awarded with the work, are 
in conformity with the minimum specifications of the bidding document and that there are no 
deviations of any kind from the requirement specifications.  
 
Also, I/ we have thoroughly read the bidding document and by signing this certificate, we 
hereby submit our token of unconditional acceptance to all the terms & conditions of the 
bidding document without any deviations.  
 
I/ We also certify that the price I/ we have quoted is inclusive of all the cost factors involved in 
the end-to-end implementation and execution of the project, to meet the desired Standards set 
out in the bidding Document.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Name of the Bidder: -  
Authorised Signatory: -  
Seal of the Organization: -  
Date:  

Place: 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

42 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
 

Annexure-5 
 

UNDERTAKING OF RATES (with Commercial e-bid) 

 
 
Dated:- 
 
Managing Director 
Haryana State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (HARTRON) 
SCO 111-113 Sector 17 B,  
Chandigarh. 160017 
 
 
We M/s ______________________________ do hereby confirm that: 
 
The rates quoted against this offer are lowest possible and as on date we have not quoted less 
rates to any other customer than the rates quoted herein. Inspite of this, it is proved at any 
stage that we have offered lower rates to any one than the rates offered to HARTRON directly 
or through our partner for similar quantity, terms and period (i.e. within six months from the 
date of purchase order), their firm is liable to pay the difference in price to HARTRON.  
         
 
Authorized Signatory (ies)[In full and initials]: ___________________________ 
Name and Title of Signatory (ies): _________________________________ 
Name of Bidding Company/Firm: ____________________________________ 
Address: ____________________________________  
(Affix the Official Seal of the Bidding Company)  

 
 
 
 
To be uploaded in Commercial Envelope with Commercial bid. 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

43 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 

Annexure - 6 
 

Format for Relaxations to Haryana based Manufacturing Micro & Small Enterprises (MSEs)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

44 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
Annexure - 7 

 
Format for Relaxations to Haryana based manufacturing Medium Enterprise 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

45 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
Pre-Bid Queries Format in Excel 

 
All Pre-Bid queries have to be submitted in writing / email at email IDs mentioned at 

Page No.:4 (Email Address for communication) with a request letter address to Managing 
Director, HARTRON in the format given below on the letter head of the Company/OEM.  
 
Tender No: - ___________________________________ 
 
Firm: - __________________________________________ 
 
Subject: - ________________________________________ 
 
Tender Fee Details: - _________________________ (if tender document already purchased)  
 

S# Page No. Part No. 
Section 

No. 
Clause / 
Point No. 

Subject 
Clarification 

Sought 

Suggestions 
/ Remarks 

(if any) 

1        

2        

3        

4        

5        

 
No queries will be entertained after this allotted time frame in any format. If 

Committee feels, suitable corrigendum will be uploaded on the website of Govt. of Haryana 
eProcurement Portal for the information of all prospective bidders. All the bidders are 
requested to please check Govt. of Haryana eProcurement Portal i.e. 
http://etenders.hry.nic.in regularly for details. No separate intimation shall be issued to 

anyone. 
 
 

Note –  A maximum of two representatives from each Participating Organization would be 
allowed to attend Pre-Bid Meeting. 

http://etenders.hry.nic.in/


E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

46 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

 
Checklist of documents to be enclosed with Pre-Qualification & Technical bid 

 
We M/s ____________________ has enclosed documentary evidence for fulfilling the Eligibility 
in the PQ & Technical Bid and other requirement laid in the tender document. 
 

S# Clause Documents Required Details 
Document 
attached 
Yes/No 

Page 
No. 

1.  

Tender Processing Fee @  
Rs. 10,000/- + 18% GST 

Through Demand Draft / Bank 
Cheque / Pay Order  / Online 
in favour of Haryana State 
Electronics Development 
Corporation Ltd. 
 

 
Mode: 
No. _____ 
Date:_____ 

  

2.  

EMD @ Rs. 5,00,000/-  
(Five Lacs) 

Through Demand Draft / Bank 
Cheque / Pay Order  / Online 
in favour of Haryana State 
Electronics Development 
Corporation Ltd. 

 
Mode: 
No. _____ 
Date:_____ 

  

3.  

The bidder must be 
registered in India under the 
Indian Companies Act 
1956/2013 / LLP Act 2003 / 
Partnership Act 1932 (with 
GST Registration Certificate) 
firm and should be in 
existence in India for at least 
the last 3 years, as on date 
of submission of bid. 
 

The bidder shall provide the 
Certificate of Incorporation for 
Registered Companies / LLPs / 
Partnership Deed for 
Partnership Firms with GST 
Registration Certificate. 

Registration No.:  
 
 
Date: 

  

4.  

The Bidder must have 
experience in the field of 
scanning & digitization for 
the last 2 or more financial 

years. 
 

Copy of Work Orders & 
Complication Certificate. 

Work Order No.  
 
Date 
 
Firm 

  

5.  

The Bidder should have an 
average turnover at least 
1/3

rd
 of estimated tender 

value during last 3 financial 
years. 

 Audited Balance Sheet and 
Profit & Loss account 
statement of the Bidder for 
each of the last 3 audited 
financial years. For F.Y. 18-19, 
Provisional Balance Sheet with 
CA Certificate will be 
considered. 

  

Estimated Tender 
Value = 90.00 Lacs   
 
Average = 
 
F.Y. – 1= 
F.Y. – 2= 
F.Y. – 3= 

  

6.  

The Bidders should have 
positive net worth (measured 
as paid-up capital plus free 
reserves) and should be a 
profit making company 
before tax in each of the last 
3 audited F.Y. 
 

 Certificate duly signed by 
Company Secretary of the 
Bidder confirming the positive 
net-worth for the last three 
financial years. 

 
 
F.Y. – 1= 
F.Y. – 2= 
F.Y. – 3= 

  

7.  

The Bidder(s) should have 
currently valid GST 
Registration Certificate & 
PAN No.  

Copies of GST Registration 
Certificate and PAN No.  
 

GST No._______ 
 
PAN No.________ 

  

8.  
The Signatory signing the Bid 
on behalf of the Bidder 

A Certificate from the 
Company Secretary of the 

   



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

47 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

S# Clause Documents Required Details 
Document 
attached 
Yes/No 

Page 
No. 

should be duly authorized by 
the Board of Directors of the 
Bidding Company. 
 
 
 

Bidder certifying that the Bid 
signatory is authorized by the 
Board of Directors of the 
Company to do so, with 
acceptance of board 
resolution, resolutions number 
and date to sign the Bid on 
their behalf  

or 
Power of Attorney to be 
provided by the Bidding 
company in favour of its 
representative as evidence of 
authorized signatory‟s 
authority. 
 

9.  

During last three financial 
years in any Central / State 
Government Institution / PSU 
/ Registered Companies / 
Bank / Registered 
Educational Institutions / 

Government Departments / 
Autonomous Bodies / 
Examining bodies/Corporate 
Houses, the bidder should 
have satisfactorily completed 
the similar contracts for 
either of the following:  
One order must be of 
minimum 25 Lacs documents.  

OR 
Two orders must be of 
minimum 15 Lacs documents 
each. 

OR 
Three orders must of 
minimum 10 Lacs documents 
each. 
 

 Work Order / Agreement 
along-with Completion 
Certificate/ Client 
Certificate/ Project 
citations/Define of 
satisfactory execution & 
payment recd. etc. 
 

 In case of on-going projects, 
the bidder can submit 
satisfactory reports along 
with total documents 
volume for the last three 
years from the 
User/Department as well as 
the work order along with 
the Completion Certificate/ 
Client Certificate/ Project 
Citation/ Satisfactory 
Execution and Payment 
Receipt etc. for more than 
three years.  

 

Work Order Details: 
 
Name of Institution: 
Purchase Order No.: 
Purchase Order 
Date: 
Work Complication 
Date:   
 

  

10.  

The Bidder(s) should have all 
necessary licenses, 
permissions, consents, NOCs, 
approvals as required under 
law for carrying out its 
business. 

Relevant Documents and 
Undertaking on their 
letterhead be provided by the 
bidder that he has all the 
requisite approvals / NOCs 
etc., as required under law to 
carry out its business. 

   

11.  

Bidder(s) should have cleared 
his GST dues up to 31

st
 March 

2019 to the Government 
 

GST Clearance Certificate.     

12.  

Bidder should not be 
insolvent, in receivership, 
bankrupt or being wound up, 
not have its affairs 
administered by a court or a 
judicial officer, not have its 
business activities suspended 
and must not be the subject 

Undertaking on their 
letterhead be provided by the 
bidder 

 
 
Incorporate Details 
on Annexure-2  

  



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

48 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

S# Clause Documents Required Details 
Document 
attached 
Yes/No 

Page 
No. 

of legal proceedings for any 
of the foregoing reasons 

13.  

Bidder should not have, and 
their directors and officers 
not have, been convicted of 
any criminal offence related 
to their professional conduct 
or the making of false 
statements or 
misrepresentations as to 
their qualifications to enter 
into a procurement contract 
within a period of three years 
preceding the 
commencement of the 
procurement process, or not 
have been otherwise 
disqualified pursuant to 
debarment proceedings 

Undertaking on their 
letterhead be provided by the 
bidder 

 
 
Incorporate Details 
on Annexure-2  

  

14.  

There should have been no 
damage to records at any 
facility due to FIRE at any 
point of time. 

An affidavit of Self- declaration 
should be enclosed. 

   

15.  
The bidder must have 
sufficient infrastructure to 
carry out digitization work. 

A list in support of such 
infrastructure must be 
enclosed with the bid. 

   

16.  

The bidder should not have 
been blacklisted/debarred/ 
never been convicted/ 
defaulted in execution/ 
returned back any 
contract/order unexecuted 
to any State / Central 
Government department for 
providing such services. The 
prime bidder/consortium 
partner should not have any 
litigation pending with 
central/any state 
government department 
before any Court in India.  

Submit an affidavit duly 
notarized  
 
(Annexure-2)   

 
 
Incorporate Details 
on Annexure-2  

  

17.  

The bidder must also submit 
an affidavit duly notarized  
that all information given in 
its tender is correct in all 
respects and if found to be 
incorrect or falseat any stage 
then the department has 
authority to blacklist, debar, 
reject and can take  legal 
action against the bidder. 

Submit an affidavit duly 
notarized 
 
(Annexure-2)     

 
 
Incorporate Details 
on Annexure-2  

  

18.  

The bidder blacklisted by any 
of the Govt. Organization/ 
Department or having record 
of poor performance such as 
abandoned work having 
inordinately delayed 
completion or having faced 

Submit an affidavit duly 
notarized   
 
(Annexure-2)   

 
 
Incorporate Details 
on Annexure-2  

  



E-Tender/Hartron/ID/Scanning/2019/01 

49 E-Tender for scanning & digitization of physical documents on behalf of various Govt. Departments. 
 

S# Clause Documents Required Details 
Document 
attached 
Yes/No 

Page 
No. 

financial failures etc., is not 
eligible to participate in the 
tender.  The bidder needs to 
submit an affidavit to this 
effect along with the bid 
documents. 

19.  Pre-Qualification Bid Format     

20.  Acknowledgement Form Annexure-1    

21.  
Affidavit on not being 
Blacklist 

Annexure 2 
 

  

22.  Statutory undertaking Annexure 3    

23.  
Certificate of Conformity / 
No Deviation 

Annexure 4 
 

  

24.  Undertaking of rates Annexure 5    

25.  
Relaxations to Haryana 
based Manufacturing Micro 
& Small Enterprises (MSEs) 

Annexure 6 

 

  

26.  
Relaxations to Haryana 
based manufacturing 
Medium Enterprise 

Annexure 7 

 

  

27.  
Sealed & Signed Copy of 
Tender Document  

To be enclosed with Pre-
Qualification cum Technical  Bid 

 
  

28.  
Any other documents to 
meet out the criteria 

Submitted with bid. 
 

  

 
 

S# Turnover in Rs. 1
st
 F.Y. 2

nd
 F.Y. 3

rd
 F.Y. 

1 

Year =     

Name of Bidder =  

Turnover in Rs. =    

Profit in Rs. =    

Net Worth in Rs. =     

CA Certificate Attached =      

Audited Balance Sheet Attached =      

 
Authorized Signatory (ies)[In full and initials]: ___________________________ 
Name and Title of Signatory (ies): _________________________________ 
Name of Bidding Company/Firm: ____________________________________ 
Address: ____________________________________ (Affix the Official Seal of the Bidding Company) 

 
 

 
Checklist to be enclosed with Commercial e-bid 

 
1. Commercial Bid in PDF 
2. Undertaking of rates in PDF 

 
Yours faithfully, 
 
Authorized Signatory (ies)[In full and initials]: ___________________________ 
Name and Title of Signatory (ies): _________________________________ 
Name of Bidding Company/Firm: ____________________________________ 
Address: ____________________________________ (Affix the Official Seal of the Bidding Company) 
 


