












































Microsoft Word - Revised-Tender_IGR_Digitization_Indext2_3112012_version 1.2.doc


 
 

GOVERNMENT OF GUJARAT 
 
 

 
Inspector General of Registration (IGR) 

 
 

TENDER  
FOR  

DATA ENTRY OF INDEX-2 REGISTER  
 
 

Tender No: SW12062013031 

 
Bid Processing Fees: 5,000/- 

Earnest Money Deposit: 2,50,000/- (Per zone) 
 

(June, 2013) 

 
Gujarat Informatics Ltd 

Block no. 1, 8th floor, Udyog Bhavan, 
Sector-11, Gandhianagar-382017, Gujarat 

Ph No. 23259237, 23259240 
Fax: 23238925. 

www.gujaratinformatics.com  
 
 
 
 

Date of pre-bid meeting: 20th June, 2013 at 1500 hrs 
Last date of Submission of Bid: 2nd July, 2013 up to 1500 hrs 

Opening of Technical Bid: 3rd July, 2013 at 1600 hrs 
 



   2

INDEX 
 

Sr. No. Description Page 
No. 

Section I Invitation for Bids & tender Schedule 3 

Section II Instructions to Bidders 5 

 A. Scope of Work 5 
 B. Qualification Criteria 7 
 C. Preparation of Bids 7 
 D. Contents of Envelopes 10 
 E. Submission of Bids 10 
 F. Bid Opening & Evaluation of Bids 11 
 G. Award of Work 12 

Section III General Conditions of Contract 15 

Section IV Special Conditions of Contract  22 

Section V Technical Bid Format 23 

Section VI Commercial Bid Format 26 

 Annexure  

1 Work Specifications 27 

2 Bidders Authorization Certificate 29 

3 Work Experience Certificate for Documents handled. 30 

4 Self Declaration 31 

5. Certificate of Conformity 32 

6. Technical & Presentation Evaluation Criteria 33 

7. Financial Evaluation Formula 35 

8. Sample of Index-2 register 36 

9. Sample format of output 37 

  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



   3

COMPETITIVE BIDDING FOR  
 

DATA ENTRY OF INDEX-2 REGISTER  
 

SECTION I: INVITATION FOR BIDS  
 

On behalf of the Inspector General of Registration, Government of Gujarat, Gujarat 
Informatics Ltd invites Bids online (Technical and Financial) for “Data Entry of INDEX-2 
Register”.  
 
Please note that this bid document is not for actual award of contract/ work order but to call 
the rates as per the financial bid for Data Entry of INDEX-2 Register.  
 
Actual award of contract will follow the conditions as per this document. This document is 
given for enabling the bidders to know the tender conditions so as to guide them in filling up 
the technical bid and financial bid for Data Entry of INDEX-2 Register.  
 
The bidders may download the tender document from website of Gujarat Informatics 
Limited (www.gujaratinformatics.com) as well as from https://gil.nprocure.com. 

                 
Bid Processing Fee Rs. 5,000 /- 
Last date of submission of pre-bid 
queries which will be discussed in pre-
bid meeting and clarifications will be 
issued. Email id: vipulp@gujarat.gov.in  

15th June, 2013 upto 1500 hrs 
(Submission by email will also be 
considered.) 

Date of Pre-bid meeting  20th July, 2013 at 1600 hrs 
Conference Room, GIL 

Last date, time for Online Submission of 
bids online 

2nd July, 2013 up to 1500 hrs 

Date and time for Opening of Technical 
Bids 

3rd July, 2013 at 1600 hrs 

Address for communication Gujarat Informatics Ltd, Block no. 1, 8th 
floor, Udyog Bhavan, Sector-11, 
Gandhinagar. 

Earnest Money Deposit Rs.2,50,000/- per zone (No relaxation to 
anyone including SSI units) 

Last date & Time for submission of EMD 
& Bid Processing Fees at GIL 

2nd July, 2013 up to 1500 hrs 

Validity of Tender  180 days. 
Contact Person Dr. Neeta shah,  

Director (e-Governance) 
Gujarat Informatics Ltd. 

Time Limit to complete the work Within one year from the date of work 
order issued. 

  
The bidder can bid for one zone or more than one zone. However, the contract will be 
awarded for only one zone to the L1 bidder as per the formula given in the Annexure 7.  
 
 
 
 
 



   4

The lists of zones and the priority for opening of the financial bid are as mentioned below. 
 

Sr. No  Name of Zone 

Priority for opening of financial 

bids 

Willingness (Please 

indicate ‘Yes’ or ‘No’ 

clearly) 

1  Zone 1 1

2  Zone 2  2  

3  Zone 3  3  

4  Zone 4 4  

  
All bids must be submitted online on https://gil.nprocure.com website 
 
1. Technical bids will be opened in the presence of tender Committee members whoever 

are present as well as Bidders’ or their representatives who choose to attend on the 
specified date and time. The tender committee has been empowered to take the final 
decision regarding the tender. 

2. In the event of the date specified for receipt and opening of bid being declared as a 
holiday for Inspector General of Registration, the due date for submission of bids and 
opening of bids will be the following working day at the appointed time. 

3. GIL/ IGR reserve the right to accept or reject any tender offer without assigning any 
reason. 

4. Financial bids of only those bidders who qualify on the basis of evaluation of technical 
bids & Demonstration will be opened as per criteria designed by GIL. 

 
5.  Use & Release of Bidder Submissions: 
 

GIL/Inspector General of Registration is not liable for any cost incurred by a Bidder in 
the preparation and production of any Proposal, the preparation or execution of any 
benchmark demonstrations, simulation or laboratory service or for any work performed 
prior to the execution of a formal contract.  All materials submitted become the property 
of the GIL/ Inspector General of Registration and may be returned at its sole discretion. 
The content of each Bidder’s Proposal will be held in strict confidence during the 
evaluation process, and details of any Proposals will not be discussed outside the 
evaluation process. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



   5

SECTION II: INSTRUCTIONS TO BIDDERS 
 

INTRODUCTION 

A. Scope of Work 

There is a requirement of Data Entry of INDEX-2 Register. Details of the volume of work and 
concerned work locations are as under.  
 

ZONE  ZONE NAME  
Location of 

work 
(District Centre) 

SROs of District 
Covered 

No. of Books 
A 

No. of Entry
B 

Total nos. 
of 

characters 
C= B*150 
(Approx. 
char. Per 
entry are 

150) 

1 
CENTRAL 
GUJARAT 

Ahmedabad Ahmedabad 1224 1339915 200987250

Anand Anand, Nadiad 750 1242107 186316050

Surendranagar Surendranagar 533 641973 96295950

TOTAL 2507 3223995 483599250 

2 SAURASHTRA 

Rajkot Rajkot 784 1242265 186339750

Jamnagar Jamnagar 412 559754 83963100

Amreli Amreli 379 364996 54749400

Bhavnagar Bhavnagar 559 596064 89409600

Junagadh Junagadh, Porbandar 840 957176 143576400

TOTAL 2974 3720255 558038250 

3 
NORTH 

GUJARAT & 
KUTCHH 

Himmatnagar Sabarkantha 311 336942 50541300

Palanpur Banaskantha  297 389160 58374000

Bhuj Kutch 609 409420 61413000

Godhara Panchmahal, Dahod 214 298694 44804100

Mahesana Mahesana, Patan 491 715754 107363100

Gandhinagar Gandhinagar 191 298823 44823450

TOTAL 2113 2448793 367318950 

4 
SOUTH 

GUJARAT 

Bharuch Bharuch, Narmada 508 595101 89265150

Vadodara Vadodara 1276 890925 133638750

Surat Surat 757 1209162 181374300

Navsari 
Navsari, Valsad,  

Dang  
528 552339 

82850850

TOTAL 3069 3247527 487129050 

 
 Output: The SP shall provide one set of printouts of all the data entry carried out in the 

predefined format. The sample format is placed at Annexure-6. 
 The sample of Index-2 register is given as Annexure-6   
 Backup: The vendor shall provide two sets of DVDs office wise with the label (District 

Name, Name of Office, Year, Date ___to___) on the DVD and one copy in external hard 
drive (USB Hard drive) to IGR for centralized backup storage. 

 Duration for completing the work: The work should be completed within one year from 
the confirmed date of work order. 



   6

 The Service provider is responsible to work at district level offices. The IGR will provide 
space for the project work at work location. Extension power cables if required as per 
requirement shall be arranged by service provider. 

 The SP will be responsible for arranging necessary computing, printing hardware and 
standby power supply equipment (like Generators and UPS). 

 The SP will be responsible for arranging the necessary furniture and storage devices at 
the site. 

 The Service Provider will be handed over the Index-2 registers/ Photo print of the 
document (if Index -2 register is not readable) in a batch and he will cross-check this 
information and will prepare a list containing discrepancies, if any. 

 The Service Provider will complete the data entry of the Index-2 register and will carry 
out the entry checking to ensure the successful completion before returning the batch of 
register. The data entry software will be provided by IGR. 

 SP needs to create the database/index for the data entered so that search engine could 
handle the search of particular records of Index-2 in the specific format. (Sample format 
is given as Annexure-8).  

 The data entry/retrieval software should be prepared in consultation with the IGR.  
 The software should be capable of quick search, retrieval, viewing and printing the report 

as per required format given in Annexure- 9. The retrieval software should be capable of 
searching any records by the indexing fields mentioned below. All rights of the software 
will be reserved with IGR. 

 Retrieval software/ database created must be interactive and compatible with the ‘ReD’ 
application software which is developed by NIC, Gandhinagar and running successfully 
in Sub Registrar offices of the state. The bidder may consult NIC, Gandhinagar regarding 
‘ReD’, if feels necessary.  

 Fields to be considered for retrieval software with max. Characters.  
o District Name – 15  
o Sub District Name (Name of Office) -20 
o Name of Taluka -20 
o Year - 4 
o Village Name -20 
o Document Number - 5 
o Name of executing party/ Name of claming party -30 
o Date of Sign - 10 
o Date of Registration – 10 
o Nature of Document - 30 
o Amount of Consideration - 10 
o Description of Property (i.e. Survey number/City Survey Number/Town Planning Scheme 

number/ Final Plot Number/ Area of Property etc.) - 15 
 Payment of data entry should be based on 1000 characters including enter key & 

excluding “delete” & “backspace” keys. The software should have features to count no of 
key stocks used by data entry operator for each login session user wise. This count will 
be used for payment of data entry work. 

 Service provider is allowed to scan the document and do the data entry from the 
scanned documents. IGR will not pay additional cost for the scanning work.  

 Verification: Workflow of the verification process of the work done by SP: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Batch X1 (no. of 
Documents) handover 
to SP by SRO – Day 1 

Data Entry of Batch 
X1 (no. of Documents) 

by SP – Day 1 

Handover the printouts 
of data entry done in 
format specified in 

scope of work to SRO 
for verification – Day 

1 

If error found in the verification, SP should responsible to 
complete the work before starting the data entry of next batch 
X2 (no. of Documents) – Day 2 
 
If SP verify and found 100% accurate than Batch X2 (no. of 
documents) to SP for data entry – Day 2 
X3- 
X4- 
- 
Xn- Up to the completion of work  
 
Note: Penalty should be levied if error found repeatedly in the 
same batch of documents.  



   7

B. Qualification Criteria 

 
Bidders desirous of bidding for the project shall fulfill the following qualification criterions: 

1) The vendor should be in the business of Data Entry and/or Scanning for at least three 
years as on 31st March 2012. Company Incorporation Certificate must be submitted for 
the same. They should have experience in terms of document management imaging & 
transmission for a sufficiently large number of documents / records. 

 
2) The Bidder should be an ISO 9001:2008 certified in related services  

 
3) The bidder must have completed at least 5 data entry projects with project value of at 

least Rs. 5 Lacs each. The copy of the client’s certificate must be submitted. 
 
4) Total turnover of the firm should be at least Rs.2.5 Crores during each of last three 

financial years (i.e. 2009-10, 2010-11 & 2011-12) or cumulative of Rs. 7.5 Crores in 
last three years. The bidder must attach Statutory Auditor’s Certificate Certifying the 
turnover in each of the last three years from document management and related 
services only. Bidder should have to upload the copies of the audited Balance sheet 
and profit and loss accounts. 

 
5) The bidder should not be under a declaration of ineligibility for corrupt and fraudulent 

practices issued by Government of Gujarat or any of the PSU in the state of Gujarat. 
Certificate / affidavit mentioning that the Bidder/ Consortium Partner is not currently 
blacklisted by Government of Gujarat or any of the PSU in the state of Gujarat is due to 
engagement in any corrupt & fraudulent practices. Annexure 4 

 
Note: All Supporting documents must be submitted online on our website 

https://gil.nprocure.com and the documents must be in clear readable form. 
 

C. PREPARATION OF BIDS 
 
 

1) Cost of Bidding 

The Bidder shall bear all the costs associated with the preparation and submission of 
its bid, and “the tendering Authority“in no case, will be responsible or liable for these 
costs, regardless of conduct or outcome of the bidding process. 

2) Bidding Document 

  The Bidder is expected to examine all instructions, forms, terms and specifications in 
the bidding documents. Failure to furnish all information required by the bidding 
documents or submission of a bid not substantially responsive to the bidding 
documents in every respect will be at the Bidder’s risk and may result in rejection of the 
bid. 

 

3) Clarification of Bidding Documents 

1) A prospective Bidder requiring any clarification of the bidding documents may notify 
the tendering Authority in writing at the tendering Authorities address indicated in the 
Invitation for Bids. The tendering Authority will respond in writing to any request for 
the clarification of any biding documents, which it receives one day prior to deadline 
for submission of bids prescribed by the tendering Authority. 



   8

2) Pre-bid meeting is fixed for clarification - at Gujarat Informatics Limited, 8th Floor, 
Block No 1, Udyog Bhavan, Gandhinagar. In the event of any clarification required 
and issued in writing, it shall form the part of the tender document. 

4) Amendment of Bidding Documents 

1) At any time prior to the deadline for submission of bids, this office may, for any 
reason, whether on its own initiative or in response to the clarification requested by a 
prospective bidder, modify, change, incorporate or delete certain conditions in the 
bidding document.  

In order to allow prospective bidders reasonable time to take into consideration the 
amendments while preparing their bids the tendering Authority, at its discretion, may 
extend the deadline for the submission of bids. 
 

5) Language of Bid 

The bid prepared by the bidder, as well as all correspondence and documents 
relating to the bid exchanged by the Bidder and The tendering Authority shall only be 
in English language. 

6) Bid Form 

1) The Bidder shall submit the Technical Bid & Financial Bid as per format given on 
https://gil.nprocure.com website.  

 
7) Bid Prices 

1) The Quote will be on the basis of 1000 characters (comprising of software 
charge), which the Bidder expects. 

2) If required the tendering Authority may at a later stage (i.e. after the finalization of 
contract or at the time of agreement) ask for a component wise break up of the 
price. 

8) Bid Currency 

1) Prices shall be quoted in Indian Rupees only. 

9) Documents Establishing Bidder’s Eligibility and Qualification 

1) The bidder shall furnish, as part of its tender offer, documents establishing the 
Bidder's eligibility to participate in the tender and its qualifications to perform the 
Contract as mentioned in qualification Criteria section 

10)  Documents establishing good’s Eligibility and Conformity to Bidding Documents. 

1) The Bidder shall furnish, as part of its bid, documents establishing the eligibility 
and conformity to the bidding documents of all goods and services, which the 
Bidder proposes to supply under the contract. 

2) The documentary evidence of conformity of goods and services to the bidding 
documents may be in the form of literature, drawing and data, and shall consist of 
a detailed description of the essential technical and performance characteristics 
of the goods;    

3) The Bidder shall note that standards for workmanship, material and equipment, 
and references to International brand names or catalogue numbers designated 
by the tendering Authority in its Technical Specifications are intended to be 
descriptive only and not restrictive 

 

 

 



   9

11)  Earnest Money Deposit 

1) The Bidder shall furnish, as part of its bid, an Earnest Money Deposit in the form 
of a DD drawn in favor of Gujarat Informatics Limited payable at Gandhinagar for 
an amount of Rs.2,50,000/- per Zone. 

2) Unsuccessful bidder’s EMD will be discharged / refunded as promptly as 
possible.  

3) The successful bidder’s EMD will be discharged only after submitting the PBG by 
bidder. 

4) The EMD shall be forfeited If a Bidder withdraws its bid during the period of Bid 
validity specified by the Bidder on the Bid Form or in case of a successful Bidder, 
if the Bidder fails: to sign the Contract; or to furnish the performance security. 

5) No exemption for submitting the EMD will be given to any agency including SSI 
Units. 

6) Any tender submitted without the EMD will be summarily rejected. 

7) The bidder is liable to pay liquidated damages and penalty imposed by the tender 
Inviting Authority in the event of non-fulfillment of any of the terms or whole of the 
contract. 

12)  Period of Validity of Bids 

1) Bids shall be valid for 180 days after the date of bid opening. The tendering 
Authority shall reject a Bid valid for a shorter period as non-responsive. 

2) In exceptional circumstances, the tendering Authority may solicit the Bidder’s 
consent to an extension of the period of validity. The request and the responses 
thereto shall be made in writing.   

3) Bid evaluation will be based on the bid prices without taking into consideration 
the above changes. 

13)  Performance Security Deposit  

1) Performance Security Deposit will be notified later by office of Inspector General 
of Registration. 

2) The successful Bidder has to furnish a security deposit so as to guarantee his/her 
(Bidder) performance of the contract 

3) The proceeds of the performance security shall be payable to the tendering 
Authority as compensation for any loss resulting from the Service Provider’s 
failure to complete its obligations under the Contract. 

4) The Performance Security shall be denominated in Indian Rupees and shall be in 
the following form: 

a. A bank guarantee issued by a nationalized / scheduled bank located in India 
or a bank located abroad acceptable to the tendering Authority, in the form 
provided in the bidding documents. 

5) Within 15 days of the receipt of notification of award from “THE TENDERING 
AUTHORITY”, the successful bidder shall furnish the performance security in 
accordance with the Conditions of The Contract, in the performance security form 
provided in the bidding documents in the Performa prescribed in the tender. 

6) The validity of the Performance Security will be up to one year after successful 
completion of performance obligations. 

14)  Clarification to tender documents 



   10

At any time after the issue of the tender documents and before the opening of the 
tender, Inspector General of Registration & Gujarat Informatics Limited may make 
any changes, modifications or amendments to the tender documents will be 
uploaded on GIL website. 
 
 

15)  Receipt of tenders and tender Opening 

1) The bidder should download the tender from GIL’s website or from 
www.gil.nprocure.com website. Also bidder should submit the techno-financial 
bids online. The Inspector General of Registration & Gujarat Informatics Limited 
shall not be responsible for any delay in transit in such cases. 

2) The Inspector General of Registration & Gujarat Informatics Limited may extend 
the last date and time for receiving tenders after giving adequate notice to all the 
bidders in cases where - 
(1) The publication of the tender notice has been delayed. 
(2) Any other reasonable grounds exist, for such extension which shall be 

recorded in writing by Inspector General of Registration & Gujarat Informatics 
Limited 

 
D. Contents of Envelopes 

1) Envelope for the EMD and Bid Processing Fee. 

2) Envelope shall be marked as Envelope for “EMD & Bid Processing Fee” for the 
tender for Data Entry of INDEX-2 Register. 

 

E. SUBMISSION OF BIDS 

1) Sealing and Marking of Bids 

 All bids must be submitted online through https://gil.nprocure.com as per the 
formats mentioned in the same using digital signature. 

 Telex, cable, e-mailed or facsimile bids will be rejected. 
 

2) Deadline for Submission of Bids 

1) Bids must be submitted online through https://gil.nprocure.com not later than the 
time and date specified in the Invitation for Bids (Section I).  In the event of the 
specified date for the submission of Bids being declared as a holiday for 
Inspector General of Registration/GIL, the bids will be received up to the 
appointed time on the next working day.  

2) GIL may, at its discretion, extend this deadline for submission of bids by 
amending the bid documents, in which case all rights and obligations of GIL and 
Bidders subject to the deadline will thereafter be subject to the deadline as 
extended. 

3) Late Bids 

1) Any bid received by GIL after the deadline for submission of bids prescribed by 
Inspector General of Registration Office, will be rejected and/or returned 
unopened to the Bidder.   

4) Withdrawal of Bids 

1) The Bidder may modify or withdraw his bid before the last date of submission of 
bids through the e-Tendering website https://gil.nprocure.com. 

2) No bid may be modified after the deadline for submission of the bids. 



   11

3) No bid may be withdrawn in the interval between the deadline for submission of 
bids and the expiration of the period of the bid validity specified by the Bidder on 
the Bid Form. Withdrawal of a bid during this interval shall result in the Bidder’s 
forfeiture of its bid EMD.        

 
 
F. BID OPENING AND EVALUATION OF BIDS 

 
1) Opening of Bids by Inspector General of Registration/GIL 

1) Inspector General of Registration /GIL will open all bids (only Technical Bids 
at the first instance) through the e-Tendering website of 
https://gil.nprocure.com, in the presence of Bidder or his representative who 
choose to attend, and at the following address: 

 Gujarat Informatics Limited 
 Block No.1, 8th Floor, 
 Udyog Bhavan, Gandhinagar. 

 

2) The Bidder’s representative who is present shall sign an attendance register 
evidencing their attendance. In the event of the specified date of Bid opening 
being declared holiday for the tendering Authority, the Bid shall be opened at 
the appointed time and location on the next working day. 

3) The Bidder’s names, bid modifications or withdrawals, bid prices and the 
presence or the absence of requisite bid security and such other details as 
Inspector General of Registration, at his discretion, may consider appropriate, 
will be announced at the time of opening. No Bid shall be rejected at the 
opening, except for late bids, which shall be returned unopened to the 
bidders. 

4) Bids that are not opened and read out at bid opening shall not be considered 
for further evaluation, irrespective of the circumstances. Withdrawn bids will 
be returned unopened to the Bidders.  

5) Financial Bids of only those bidders who qualify on the basis of evaluation of 
technical bid & Demonstration will be opened in the presence of the qualified 
bidders or their representatives at pre-specified time and date which will be 
communicated to the qualified bidders well in advance. 

6) Zone wise L1 will be decided based on the lowest rates of particular 
zone. 

 

2) Clarification of Bids 

1) During evaluation of bids Inspector General of Registration /GIL may, at its 
discretion, ask the Bidder for a clarification of its bid. Inspector General of 
Registration /GIL may also ask for rate analysis of any or all items and if rates 
are found to be unreasonable low or high, the bid shall be treated as non-
responsive and hence liable to be rejected. The request for a clarification and 
the response shall be in writing and no change in prices or substance of the 
bid shall be sought, offered or permitted.   

3) Contacting Inspector General of Registration /GIL 

   3.1 No Bidder shall contact Inspector General of Registration/GIL on any matter 
relating to its bid, from the time of the bid opening to the time the contract is 
awarded.  If he wishes to bring additional information to the notice of Inspector 



   12

General of Registration/GIL, he should do so in writing. Inspector General of 
Registration reserves the right as to whether such additional information should 
be considered or otherwise. 

  3.2 Any effort by a Bidder to influence Inspector General of Registration /GIL in its 
decision on bid evaluation, bid comparison or contract award may result in 
disqualification of the Bidder’s bid and also forfeiture of his bid security amount.  

4)   Evaluation and comparison of Bids  
 

4.1 For technical evaluation and comparison of the bids, which have been 
determined to be substantially responsive pursuant to ITB clause 22, GIL will 
evaluate the technical bid as per the assessment procedure given in GR No TSP-
2004-808-DST dated 30/07/2004. The committee will scrutinize techno-
commercial offers and evaluate capability of vendors through presentations, 
demonstration, documents. etc as per defined evaluation criteria . 

4.2 The technical evaluation of bids will be done based on following three 
components only for those bidders who satisfy all the Eligibility Criteria (ITB 
Clause No. 2) 

 Evaluation of Technical Bid Document submitted (Min. 60% required 
for qualifying for next stage) 

 Presentation on Approach & Methodology (Min. 60% required for 
qualifying for next stage) 

4.3 The solution provider will be selected based on evaluation of technical bids & 
financial bids. Financial bids of only those bidders who qualify on the basis of 
evaluation of technical bids will be opened. Only without tax values will be 
considered for financial evaluation. 

4.4 For evaluation of Financial Bids, the without tax values will only be considered for 
comparison. 

4.5 GIL/Inspector General of Registration’s evaluation of a Bid will exclude and not 
take into the account any allowance for price adjustment during the period of the 
execution of the contract, if provided in the bid. 

 

G.   AWARD OF WORK 
  

1) Award Criteria 

1) The tender committee will award the contract to the successful Bidder as per the final 
evaluation criteria: 

2) Area of operation 

Area of operation will be the Offices of Inspector General of Registration, Gujarat as 
mention in Scope of Work.  

3) GIL/Inspector General of Registration's Right to Accept / Reject Any or All Bids 

GIL/Inspector General of Registration reserves the right to accept or reject any bid, or 
to annul the bidding process and reject all bids at any time prior to the award of 
Contracts, without thereby incurring any liability to the affected Bidder or bidders or 
any obligation to inform the affected Bidder or bidders of the grounds for the GIL’s 
action.  

4) Notification of Awards   



   13

1) Prior to the expiry of the period of the bid validity, Inspector General of 
Registration/GIL will notify the successful bidder in writing. The bidder will confirm the 
same in writing through registered letter. 

2) The notification of award will constitute the formation of the Contract. 

3) Upon the successful Bidder’s furnishing of performance security pursuant to ITB 
clause 6, Inspector General of Registration/GIL will promptly notify each 
unsuccessful bidder. 

5) Signing of Contract 

1) At the same time as Inspector General of Registration/GIL notifies the successful 
Bidder that its bid has been accepted, Inspector General of Registration/GIL will send 
the bidder the Contract Form provided by this office. 

2) Within 15 days of receipt of the Contract Form, the successful bidder shall sign the 
contract and return it to Inspector General of Registration.  

6) Performance Security 

1) Within 15 days of the receipt of notification of award from the Inspector General of 
Registration/GIL, the successful bidder shall furnish the performance security in 
accordance with the conditions of the contract, in the Performance Security Form 
provided in the bidding document or in another form acceptable to Inspector General 
of Registration. 

2) Failure of the successful bidder to comply with the requirement of ITB Clause 4 or 
ITB Clause 6 can constitute sufficient grounds for the annulment of the award and 
forfeiture of the bid security in which event Inspector General of Registration may 
take the award to the next lowest evaluated bidder or call for new bids. 

3) The proceeds of the performance security shall be payable to Inspector General of 
Registration as compensation for any loss resulting from the bidder’s failure to 
complete its obligations under the contract. 

4) The performance security shall be denominated in Indian Rupees and shall be in the 
following form: A bank guarantee issued by a nationalized/ scheduled bank and 
following private sector banks located in India, in the form provided in the bidding 
documents. 

 ICICI Bank 
 HDFC Bank 
 IDBI Bank 
 AXIS Bank 
 Kalupur Commercial Co-operative Bank 

 

7) Corrupt or Fraudulent Practices. 

1) GIL/Inspector General of Registration requires that the bidders/suppliers/ contractors 
under this tender observe the highest standards of ethics during the procurement and 
execution of such contracts.  In pursuance of this policy, Inspector General of 
Registration defines for the purposes of this provision, the terms set forth as follows: 

2) “corrupt practice” means the offering, giving, receiving or soliciting of any thing of 
value to influence the action of the public official in the procurement process or in 
contract execution; and “fraudulent practice” means a misrepresentation of facts in 
order to influence a procurement process or a execution of a contract to the 
detriment of Inspector General of Registration, and  includes collusive practice 
among bidders (prior to or after bid submission) designed to establish bid prices at 
artificial non-competitive levels and to deprive Inspector General of Registration of 
the benefits of the free and open competition; 



   14

3) Inspector General of Registration will reject a proposal for award if it determines that 
the Bidder recommended for award has engaged in corrupt or fraudulent practices in 
competing for the contract in question; 

4) Inspector General of Registration will declare a firm ineligible, either indefinitely or for 
a stated period of time, to be awarded a contract if it at any time determines that the 
firm has engaged in corrupt and fraudulent practices in competing for, or in 
executing, a contract. 

5) The past performance of the bidder will be crosschecked if necessary.  If the facts 
are proven to be dubious the bidders tender will be ineligible for further processing. 

 
8) Interpretation of the clauses in the tender Document / Contract Document 

 
1) In case of any ambiguity in the interpretation of any of the clauses in tender 

Document or the Contract Document, GIL/ Inspector General of Registration’s 
interpretation of the clauses shall be final and binding on all parties. However, in case 
of doubt as to the interpretation of the bid, the bidder may make a Written request 
prior to: 

 
1.    Inspector General of Registration 

   Stamps & Nodhani Bhavan,  
 Sector – 13/C, Kh Road, 
 Gandhinagar. 
 
2.    The Director (e-Governance) 

            Gujarat Informatics Ltd. 
        Block No.1, 8th Floor, Udyog Bhavan 
        Gandhinagar, Gujarat. 
  
GIL/ Inspector General of Registration’s may issue clarifications to all the bidders as 
an addendum. Such an addendum shall form a part of the bid document. 

2) The decision taken by the tender Committee in the process of tender evaluation will 
be full and final.  



   15

SECTION III: GENERAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 

 
1. Definitions 

In this Contract, the following terms shall be interpreted as indicated: 
 
1) “The Contract” means the agreement entered into between IGR and the Service 

Provider, as recorded in the Contract Form Signed by the parties, including all the 
attachments and appendices thereto and all documents incorporated by reference 
therein; 

2) "Bidder" means any agency that is participating in the tender process. 
3) "Service Provider" means any agency who is a successful bidder and to whom the 

contract has been awarded. 
4) “Data Entry” work means Data Entry of the index-2 register as volume mentioned in 

scope of work. 
5) “SRO” means Sub Registrar Office 
6) “IGR” means Inspector General of Registration.    
7) “The Contract Price” means the price payable to the Service Provider under the 

Contract for the full and proper performance of its contractual obligations; 
8) “The Goods” means all the equipment, machinery and /or other materials which the 

Service Provider is required to supply to GIL/IGR under the Contract; 
9) “Services” means services ancillary to the supply of the Goods, such as 

transportation and insurance and any other incidental services, such as installation, 
commissioning, provision of technical assistance, training and other obligations of the 
Service Provider covered under the Contract; 

10) “The Project Site”, wherever applicable, means the place or places where the work is 
to be executed. 

11) “Day” means a working day. 
12) “Unit” means one single office where the entire set up has to be provided. 
13) “Office Completeness” means the site should be complete in all respects i.e.  

 Hardware is supplied, installed and commissioned 
 Requisite Software is installed 
 Requisite Application Software is installed. 
 Connectivity setup is established. 
 Requisite Manpower is deployed 
 The entire setup as defined in scope of work has become functional & the 

transactions can be done on computers. 
14) “Maintenance” means  

 Taking care of the machine 
 Changing the Spares when they become faulty 
 Locate, remove, and repair technical faults. 
 Identify Software related problems such as run time error viruses etc. & 

reload the machines with Software 
 Maintaining up time of at least 95% 
 Housekeeping of all Hardware 
 Ensuring continuous power supply to all machines during working hours. 
 Any other task to be performed to keep the system functional. 

15)  Performance Standards  
This factor incorporates the maintenance standards as defined below: 
 
Service Level Standards: -  
The agency has to meet the service level norms failing which the contract is liable to 

get cancelled. 



   16

a) Install high quality hardware and peripherals at all sites to ensure minimum 
downtime. 

b) Provide skilled and efficient manpower to attain maximum production. 
c) Provide quality consumables like branded CDs, Paper, Toners, Tapes, etc.  
d)  Absolutely avoid usage of low quality consumables, refilled toners, etc. 

 
2. Application 

 

a) These General Conditions shall apply to the extent that they are not superseded 
by provisions in other parts of the Contract. 

 
3. Use of Contract Documents and Information 
 

1) The Service Provider shall not, without the GIL/IGR’s prior written consent, disclose 
the Contract, or any provision thereof, or any specification, plan, drawing, pattern, 
sample or information furnished by or on behalf of GIL/IGR in connection therewith, 
to any person other than a person employed by the Service Provider in performance 
of the Contract. Disclosure to any such employed person shall be made in 
confidence and shall extend only as far as may be necessary for purposes of such 
performance. 

 
2) Any document, other than the Contract itself, shall remain the property of GIL/IGR 

and shall be returned (in all copies) to GIL/ IGR on completion of the Service 
Provider’s performance under the Contract if so required by GIL/ IGR. 

 
3) The Service Provider shall permit GIL/IGR to inspect the Service Provider’s accounts 

and records relating to the performance of the Service Provider and to have them 
audited.  

 
4. Patent Rights 
 

The Service Provider shall indemnify GIL/IGR against all third-party claims of 
infringement of patent, trademark or industrial design rights arising from use of the 
Goods or any part thereof in India. 

 
5. Inspections and Tests 
 

1) Authorized person of GIL/IGR/ Third party auditor appointed by IGR will verify the 
data entry printouts. If the printouts are not found as per the norms prescribed by 
this office, they shall be generated again and again until they attain the prescribed 
norms and no extra payment will be made for the same. Verification of work will be 
done on the basis of work completeness.  

2) No staff of GIL/IGR will be made available for the said work except for handing over 
and taking back the documents, receiving backup devices & printouts. The entire 
verification of completed work will be done randomly and batch-wise by the 
GIL/IGR staff.   It will be the onus of the bidder to ensure that the quality of the work 
is not compromised. If the quality is not satisfactory, it will amount to rejection of the 
entire batch. The bidder has to make a thorough verification of the quality at his 
own level. 

3) The paper used for printouts shall be of good quality.  

4) Documents shall be handed over to the bidder / or his authorized agent in the 
morning and shall be collected back by the staff of GIL/IGR at the end of the day. 



   17

5) The hard disk of the computers shall contain only the operating system, and the 
application software required for data entry, and shall be formatted before leaving 
the premises for any reason. 

6) The bidder has to submit the proposal for the work flow he intends to follow to 
ensure error free service.  This will form a part of the technical bid. 

6. Accuracy of Work 
 
100% accuracy is required.  

 
o For 1% error – SP shall resolve the error, No penalty 
o For 1% to 2% error - SP shall resolve the error, 1% penalty of total 

order value 
o For 2% to 5% error - SP shall resolve the error, 2% penalty of total 

order value 
o More than 5% error– IGR will decide on termination of contract 

without any payment of completed work. Also, the performance 
Bank Guarantee shall be forfeited 

 
7. Delivery and Documents 
 

Delivery of the Goods shall be made by the Service Provider in accordance with the 
terms specified by IGR in the Notification of Award.  
 

 
8. Incidental Services 
 

The Service Provider is required to provide the following services, including 
additional services, if any. 

 
1) performance or supervision of the on-site assembly and/or start-up of the supplied 

Goods; 
 
2) furnishing of tools required for assembly and/or maintenance of the supplied Goods; 
 
3) furnishing of detailed operations and maintenance manual for each appropriate unit 

of supplied Goods; 
 
4) Performance or supervision or maintenance and/or repair of the supplied Goods, for 

the period of time mentioned in the tender notification. 
 

9. Payment 
 

1) All payments will be done to the agency after completion of the job. 
 
2) Payment will be worked out on the basis of no. of Microfilm sides/pages converted. 

There should be a facility of counting the no. of characters entered excluding 
backspace and delete key stroke.  

 
3) Any penalties imposed on the agency for non-performance will be deducted from the 

payments. 
 



   18

4) All work contract tax, service tax and income tax will be deducted at source as per 
the prevalent rules & regulations at the time of making payments to the Bidder during 
the billing cycles.  

 
5) Payment will be made within a month’s time from the date of receipt of bill, provided 

there is no dispute. 
 
6) It is binding on the agency to which the work will be allotted to complete the total job-

work within the specified time-period as decided by IGR. In case of delay, the agency 
will be penalized proportionately. The amount of penalty will be adjusted against the 
amount payable to the agency for the job-work & the net payment will be made to the 
agency. For example, if the average delays are 10% then the agency will get 10% 
less amount of the total payable amount.  

 
 

10. Change Orders 
 

1) GIL/IGR may at any time, by written order given to the Service Provider, make 
changes within the general scope of the Contract in any one or more of the 
following: 

 
a) Drawings, designs, or specifications, where Goods to be furnished under 

the Contract are to be specifically manufactured for GIL/IGR; 
 
b) The place of delivery; and/or 
 
c) The Services to be provided by the Service Provider. 

 
d) The Quantity of goods to be supplied & or the locations of supply. 

 
2) If any such change causes an increase or decrease in the cost of, or the time 

required for, the Service Provider’s performance of any provisions under the 
Contract, an equitable adjustments shall be made in the Contract Price or 
delivery schedule, or both, and the Contract shall accordingly be amended.  Any 
claims by the Service Provider for adjustment under this clause must be asserted 
within thirty (30) days from the date of the Service Provider’s receipt of GIL/IGR’s 
change order. 

 
11. Delays in the Service Provider’s Performance 
 

1) Delivery of the Goods and performance of the Services shall be made by the 
Service Provider in accordance with the time schedule specified by GIL/IGR. 

 
2) If at any time during performance of the Contract, the Service Provider or his sub-

contractor(s) should encounter conditions impeding timely delivery of the Goods 
and performance of Services, the Service Provider shall promptly notify GIL/IGR 
in writing of the fact of the delay, its likely duration and its cause(s).  As soon as 
practicable after receipt of the Service Provider’s notice, GIL/IGR shall evaluate 
the situation and may, at its discretion, extend the Service Provider’s time for 
performance with or without a penalty, in which case the extension shall be 
ratified by the parties by amendment of the Contract. 

 
3) The bidders shall read & understand the requirements thoroughly & shall adhere 

to the schedule strictly. The supply, installation & commissioning of Hardware & 
software at all locations shall be completed within 15 days from the date of 
signing the Contract Agreement. 



   19

 
12. Penalty Clause 
 

1) If the Service Provider is not executing the contract to the satisfaction of GIL/IGR 
then he may invoke any or all of the following clauses. 
 

(a) Forfeit the performance Guarantee Amount. Or 
(b) Impose a proportionate penalty of the delivered price of the Goods or 

unperformed services. Or 
(c) Terminate the contract without giving any notice. 
 

2) Delays in deliverables: If the service provider is not complete the work in the given 
time limit than the penalty@ 1% of total order value per week will be levied up to the 
maximum of 10 weeks.   
.   

3) SLA for Damage or Permanent loss of Documents: The selected bidder shall be 
responsible to take care of documents during the process of scanning and data entry. 
If any documents will be damaged during the process, the selected bidder shall be 
responsible to rectify it/ repair the same at its own cost. In case of any permanent 
loss or damage of documents, the penalty will be applicable as mentioned in SLA 
mentioned below. 

 

SLA 
Measures 

No. of 
Documents 

Action Flat Penalty 
Rs. 

Damage of 
documents 

1 Rectify it/ repair the 
same on immediate 
basis 

NIL  
 

2 to 5 Rectify it/ repair the 
same on immediate 
basis 

Rs. 500 per 
document 

Above 5 Rectify it/ repair the 
same on immediate 
basis 

Rs. 1000 per 
document 

Permanent 
loss  of 

documents 

1 --- Rs. 10000 per 
document 

2 to 5 --- Rs. 25000 per 
document 

Above 5 --- Rs. 50000 per 
document 

 
 

13. Termination for Default or Otherwise 
 

1) GIL/IGR may, without prejudice to any other remedy for breach of contract, by 
written notice of default sent to the Service Provider, terminate the Contract in 
whole or part: 

 
a) If the Service Provider fails to deliver any or all of the Goods/Services 

within the period(s)/schedule specified in the Contract, 
b) If the Service Provider fails to perform as per the performance standards. 
c) If the Service Provider, in the judgment of GIL/IGR has engaged in corrupt 

or fraudulent practices in competing for or in executing the Contract. 
 



   20

2) In Circumstances mentioned in a, b, c above Inspector General of Registration  
may exercise the following option: - 
a. Direct the agency to leave the Hardware/Software in IGR Office and terminate 

the Contract. 
 
3) In case of premature termination of Contract for no fault of Service Provider IGR 

may exercise the following options:- 
 

a) Direct the agency to take back the Hardware and without any additional 
compensation. 

b) Direct the agency to leave behind the Hardware & pay him the cost of 
Hardware less the depreciation as per the Income Tax Act / Rules. The 
IGR may consult GIL as to the genuine cost of Hardware. IGR may also 
take suitable decision as to the system/platform software in consultation 
with GIL. 

 
14. Force Majeure 
 

1) For purposes of this clause, “Force Majeure” means an event beyond the control 
of the Service Provider and not involving the Service Provider’s fault or 
negligence and not foreseeable.  Such events may include, but are not limited to, 
acts of the Purchase either in its sovereign or contractual capacity, wards or 
revolutions, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions and freight 
embargoes. 

 
2) If a force Majeure situation arises, the Service Provider shall notify GIL/IGR in 

writing within 15 days of such conditions and the cause thereof.  Unless 
otherwise directed by GIL/IGR in writing, the Service Provider shall continue to 
perform its obligations under the Contract as far as it reasonably practical, and 
shall seek all reasonable alternative means for performance not prevented by the 
Force Majeure. 

 
15. Termination for Insolvency 
 

GIL/IGR may at any time terminate the Contract by giving written notice to the 
Service Provider, if the Service Provider becomes bankrupt or otherwise insolvent.  
In this event, termination will be without compensation to the Service Provider, 
provided that such termination will not prejudice or affect any right of action or 
remedy, which has accrued or will accrue thereafter to GIL/IGR. 
 

16. Resolution of Disputes 
 
The matter regarding any dispute shall first be sorted out at the level of IGR 
Gandhinagar, Gujarat in consultation with GIL.  If the dispute persists to remain 
unresolved then it will be entertained, heard & finalized as per the provisions of the 
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.  
 

17. Taxes and Duties 
 

The rates quoted shall be in Indian Rupees and shall be exclusive of all taxes.   
 

18. Binding Clause 
 
All decisions taken by GIL/IGR regarding the processing of this tender and award of 
contract shall be final and binding on all parties concerned. 

 



   21

20 Manpower Support: 
1) The service provider will be bound to supply Support Manpower with good 

antecedents as specified in the Manpower deployment Plan. 
 

2) All salaries and statutory benefits will have to be borne by the service provider & no 
payments will be made by this office. 
 

3) In case of absence of any of his employee, the service provider should provide 
alternative person the next day. 
 

4) The service provider should ensure that the behavior of manpower is decent. The 
service provider will be held responsible for indecent behavior of manpower, & such 
employees should be immediately replaced when such matter is reported. 
 

5) All statutory obligations of the service provider towards his employees shall be 
fulfilled by him and IGR shall not be responsible for any such obligations. 

 
21. GIL/IGR Gandhinagar, reserves the right:- 
 

To vary, modify, revise, amend or change any of the terms and conditions mentioned 
above; or  
To reject any or all the tender/s without assigning any reason whatsoever thereof or 
may terminate the tender process midway without assigning any reason.   

 

22. The decision regarding acceptance of tender by GIL/IGR will be full and final. 
23. Conditional tenders shall be summarily rejected. 
24. IGR is free to phase out the work if it feels it necessary. 



   22

SECTION IV: SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT 
 
 

1 Service Provider’s Integrity 

The Service Provider is responsible for and obliged to conduct all contracted 
activities as defined in the scope of work in accordance with the Contract.  

2 Service Provider’s Obligations 

1) The Service Provider is obliged to work closely with IGR’s staff, act within its own 
authority and abide by directives issued by IGR. 

2) The Service Provider will abide by the job safety measures prevalent in India and will 
free IGR from all demands or responsibilities arising from accidents or loss of life the 
cause of which is the Service Provider’s negligence. The Service Provider will pay all 
indemnities arising from such incidents and will not hold IGR responsible or 
obligated. 

3) The Service Provider is responsible for managing the activities of its personnel and 
will hold itself responsible for any misdemeanor. 

4) The Service Provider will treat as confidential all data and information about IGR, 
obtained in the execution of his responsibilities, in strict confidence and will not reveal 
such information to any other party without the prior written approval of IGR.  

3 Hardware Installation 

The Service Provider is responsible for all deliveries, unpacking, assemblies, wiring, 
installation, cabling between hardware units and connecting to power supplies. The 
Service Provider will test all hardware operation and accomplish all adjustments 
necessary for successful and continuous operation of the hardware at all installation 
sites. 

  

   

  

 
 



   23

SECTION V: TECHNICAL BID FORMAT 

 
Name & Address of the Bidder: 
Phone:  
Mobile:  
Fax:  
Year of Establishment:  
Details of Quality Certifications (ISO, SEI-CMM Level) 

 
Annual Turnover for the last three years: 

 
Bidder to provide details with copies of the audited Balance Sheet and Profit and 
Loss accounts. The turnover should be of data entry and / or scanning related work. 
 

Year Turnover 

2009-2010  

2010-2011  

2011-2012  

 
Support network: 

Bidder to provide details of support offices in different cities with name of contact 

person, address, Telephone No., Fax No.  

Center(s) Telephone & Fax No. Location(s) 

Head Office   

Development Centers   

Support Centers   

Repair / Workshop Facility   

 
1. EXISTING INFRASTRUCTURE 
 

a. SOFTWARE 
(Details of Licensed Server OS, Desktop OS, CD Read/Write Software, Scanning 
Software, Compression Software) 

  
b. HARDWARE 

(Number of Desktop PCs, Servers, Scanners, CD/DVD Writers, Printers, Backup 

Devices etc) 

c. CONNECTIVITY 

(Number of Routers, Switches, Gateway/ Lease line etc.) 

d. MANPOWER DETAILS (with Skill Sets) 

i. No. of Employees in Project Management 

ii. No. of Data Entry Operators 

iii. No. of Scanning Operators 



   24

iv. No. of Quality Control Operators 

v. No of System Administrators 

vi. No. of Support Staff 

vii. No. of Other Staff  

 

2. EXPERIENCE IN SAME OR SIMILAR PROJECTS 
     

a. DETAILS OF ONGOING/COMPLETED DATA ENTRY/ 
SCANNING/DIGITIZATION/PRINTING PROJECTS WITH STATUS 
(PRIVATE SECTOR) 

 
Name of 

Client (with 
address 
contact 
persons 

and 
numbers 

Brief 
Description 
of projects 

Type of work 
(Scanning/Pri

nting/Data 
Entry) 

No of 
Pages  

Handled 
(In case of 
data entry 

no. of 
characters) 

Order 
value 
(Rs) 

Current 
status of 
project 

      

 
(Please attach relevant client certificates/work order/contracts/PO) 
 
b. DETAILS OF ONGOING/Completed SCANNING/DIGITIZATION/PRINTING 

PROJECTS WITH STATUS (GOVT. SECTOR) 
 
Name of 

Client (with 
address 
contact 
persons 

and 
numbers 

Brief 
Description 
of projects 

Type of work 
(Scanning/Pri

nting/Data 
Entry) 

No of Pages 
Handled 

(In case of 
data entry 

no. of 
characters) 

Order 
value 
(Rs) 

Current 
status of 
project 

      

(Please attach relevant client certificates/work order/contracts/PO’s) 
 

 
c. DETAILS OF PROJECTS ABOVE 5 LACS ONLY  (DATA ENTRY RELATED 

WORK)       
 

Name of Client Brief Description of 

Projects 

Order value (Rs) Current 

Status 

    

(Please attach relevant client certificates/Work Order/PO/Contract Document 

highlighting the Order Value) 

 

 



   25

 

3. PROPOSED DEPLOYMENT STRUCTURE 

An organization chart indicating the project Team organization as envisaged by 

the bidder for execution of this assignment 

 

4. DOCUMENT RETRIEVAL SYSTEM 

The Service Provider is required to submit a documentation/feature-list of the 

software with screenshots of the Document Retrieval System to be used in the 

project.  

Bidders are expected to be ready for a software demonstration at a short notice to this effect. 
IGR will further technically shortlist the bidders on the basis of the proposal documents and 
presentations and the decision of IGR will be final and will be binding to the bidders.  

Note: Please add separate pages as Annexure’s, if required. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 

                       



   26

Tender for Data Entry of Index-2 register 
 

SECTION VI: COMMERCIAL BID FORMAT 

 
  

Zone 1: CENTRAL GUJARAT 

 

Sr. No.  Subject Rate 
(Rs.) 

1 Charges for data entry of 1000 characters   

 

Zone 2: SAURASHTRA 

 

Sr. No.  Subject Rate 
(Rs.) 

1 Charges for data entry of 1000 characters   

 

Zone 3: NORTH GUJARAT & KUTCHH 

 

Sr. No.  Subject Rate 
(Rs.) 

1 Charges for data entry of 1000 characters   

 

Zone 4: SOUTH GUJARAT 

 

Sr. No.  Subject Rate 
(Rs.) 

1 Charges for data entry of 1000 characters   

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 



   27

 

 

ANNEXURE-1 

Work Specifications 
 
The following will be the broad specifications of the work to be done. 
 
I. Role of the IGR 

1. The IGR will provide space for the project work at its offices as specified in the scope 
of works.  

2. The IGR will carry out random checking of the work done and the data-base so as to 
ensure accuracy before backup devices are burnt. 

3. In order to ensure that the documents are safe and do not go in any unauthorized 
hands, the IGR will depute its supervisor(s) at the site of scanning/data entry. 

4. At the end of the process, the IGR will receive the documents, Database of the data 
entered along with retrieval software in each in two sets of DVDs with the label 
(District Name, Name of Office, Year, Date ___to___) on the DVD and one copy in 
external hard drive (USB Hard drive) to IGR for centralized backup storage. 

5. Each backup device should contain the database retrieval software as per 
requirement of IGR.   

 
II. Role of the Service Provider (SP) 

1. Arranging necessary computing and printing hardware and standby power supply 
equipment (like Generators and UPS). 

2. Arranging the necessary furniture and storage devices at the site. 

3. Receive the documents along-with covering lists from IGR Officials. The Service 
Provider will have to maintain Registers for receiving the documents and subsequent 
dispatch/handing over to the Authorized Officers of the IGR. 

4. The Service Provider must ensure that the documents handled over are not 
damaged/mutilated/defaced/altered in any manner.  

5. Data Entry of Index-2 register and putting them in the same batches together as they 
were received along-with the covering list indicating discrepancies, if any. Un-stapling 
the documents will not be allowed. 

6. Printing all the documents in the prescribe format and verify the 100 percent 
accuracy of the data entry done.  

7. The Service Provider will have to ensure that the entire work of data entry is done at 
the site and that no documents are taken out of the site at any time. 

8. In order to ensure that there are no missing or duplicate records and/or data entry, 
the Service Provider should develop appropriate software to check against this. 

9. As the said work is very confidential and involves high responsibility, the Service 
Provider is solely responsible for its security and confidentiality.  

10. For the said work, IGR will provide the space. No rent will be charged for the use of 
space.  Rates should be quoted taking this factor into account. 

11. The work should commence immediately from the date of receipt of letter of Intent. 

12. The said work shall be completed within 4 months or such period as mentioned in the 
contract from the date of work order. 



   28

13. The Service provider should move all his equipment into the premises provided for 
the job and undertake the work at the said premises. The documents shall not be 
moved out of these premises. 

 

Other Conditions: 

 
a) Authentication of the said work shall be done by the authorized person in Inspector 

General of Registration.  
b) The Service provider can have a look at the documents in IGR Office, if he feels it is 

required. 
c) The staff of the IGR will only hand over documents to the Service provider. All 

processing like making documents dust free, unpinning, pinning etc. will be done by 
the bidder.  

d) If the bidder fails to execute the contract, the PBG (Performance Bank Guarantee) of 
the defaulting bidder will be forfeited and contract will be terminated immediately.  

e) The bidder shall use only licensed and authentic Software. 
f) Any material necessary for the said work will not be supplied by this office. 
g) Any foreign material required for the said work shall be obtained at the own risk and 

responsibility of the bidder.  No help or extra charges will be made for this. 
h) The Bidder shall remove all his equipments and vacate the space within 15 days 

from the completion of the said work.  If the Bidder fails to do so, the rent as 
prescribed by R&B Dept will be charged and will be recovered by deducting from the 
amount due to the bidder. 

i) Bidder shall be held personally responsible for any type of destruction/ mishandling 
of the documents, since the documents are originals. 

j) In case of failure of electric power supply, alternative arrangements of generator etc. 
shall be made by the bidder on his own and at his own cost.  No assistance in this 
matter will be given by this office. 

k) For the said work if extra electric points are required, the bidder shall, fit such points 
on his own and shall remove them as soon as the said work is completed. 

l) The compensation against the damages if any to the electrical equipments and other 
immovable material / equipments in the room allotted are found shall be recovered 
from the amount due to the bidder. 

m) Since the documents are of important nature, the bidder on awarding of the work will 
have to give a written undertaking that the documents shall be restored in the original 
position. 

n) All furniture, infrastructure, Air-conditioner (if the service provider feels it is required) 
shall be provided by the bidder at his own cost. 

o) Bidder shall submit the details along with photo identity, of all his / her employees 
who shall be working on this job and shall make sure that all the employees wear a 
photo identity card all the time in the work premises. 

p) Telex/telegraphic/fax/Xerox offers will not be accepted. 



   29

ANNEXURE - 2 

BIDDER’S AUTHORISATION CERTIFICATE 

To, 
Inspector General of Registration, 
Stamp & Nodhani Bhavan, 
Sector-13/C, Kh- Road, 
Gandhinagar. 
 
 
<Bidder’s Name>_______________________________________________, <Designation> 

____________________ is hereby authorized to sign relevant documents on behalf of the 

company in dealing with tender of reference <tender Name, Dept & 

Date>______________________. He is also authorized to attend meetings & submit 

technical & commercial information as may be required by you in the course of processing 

above said tender. 

 

Thanking you, 

 

 

Authorized Signatory. 

 

      _________________________________ 

 <Bidder’s Name> 

                Seal 

 

  



   30

 ANNEXURE-3 

WORK EXPERIENCE CERTIFICATE FOR NUMBER OF DOCUMENTS HANDLED. 

Name of the Firm _______________________________________________________ 

 

Order 
Number 
and 
date 

Order 
Placed by 
(full 
contact 
address of 
such 
agencies) 

No of 
Pages  
Handled 
(In case of 
data entry 
no. of 
characters)

Date of completion of 
delivery 

Remarks indicating 
reasons for delay 
in delivery, if any 

As per 
contract 

Actual 

      

      

      

 

 

Date: ________________Place: _________________ 

 

 

Signature of the Bidder  

 

 



   31

ANNEXURE-4 
Self-Declaration 

The  
--------------------------------------------- 
Sir/Madam, 
Having examined the Bidding Documents including Bid No.: ----------------------------- 
the receipt of which is hereby duly acknowledged, we, the undersigned, offer to 
provide services for --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------. 
 
We undertake, if our bid is accepted, to provide services in accordance with the 
terms and conditions in the Tender document. 
If our bid is accepted we will obtain the guarantee of a bank for a sum equivalent to 
10% of the Contract value, in the form prescribed by the purchaser. 
 
We agree to abide by this bid for a period of 180 days after the date fixed for opening 
of Price Bid section under the Instruction to Bidders and shall remain binding upon 
us and may be accepted at any time before the expiry of that period. 
 
Until a formal contract is prepared and executed, this bid, together with your written 
acceptance thereof and your notification of award shall constitute a binding Contract 
between us. 
We understand that in competing for (and if the award is made to us, in executing 
the above contract), we will strictly observe the laws against fraud and corruption in 
force in Gujarat namely Prevention of Corruption Act 1988. 
We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any bid you may 
receive. 
 
We have not been under a declaration of ineligibility for corrupt and fraudulent 
practices, and / or black-listed or debarred by any Govt. Department or its PSU in 
Gujarat Government in the past 5 years, ending on 31st December 2011. We have 
not imposed any condition in conflict with the tender condition if it is found it should 
be treated as withdrawn. 
 
We have not been convicted for any criminal cases(s) by any Govt. Department or its 
PSU in Gujarat regarding any supply and contracts with our firm/company.  
We have not breached/violated any contractual conditions so far to any Govt. 
Department or its PSU in Gujarat. 
 
In case any of the above statements made by us are found to be false or incorrect, 
you have right to reject our bid at any stage including forfeiture of our EMD and / or 
PBG and / or cancel the award of contract 
 
Dated this _________ day of____________2013 
 
Signature: ______________________________ 
 
(in the Capacity of) :______________________ 
 
Duly authorized to sign bid for and on behalf of 



   32

ANNEXURE–5 

Certificate of Conformity 

Date: 

To, 
Inspector General of Registration, 
Stamp & Nodhani Bhavan, 
Sector-13/C, Kh- Road, 
Gandhinagar. 

C E R T I F I C A T E 

 
  This is to certify that, the specifications of Hardware which I have mentioned 

in the Technical specifications for Hardware, and which I shall supply if I am awarded with 

the work, are in conformity with the specifications in the tender document.  

  I also certify that the price I have quoted per page is inclusive of all the cost 

factors involved in the execution of the project, to meet the desired standards set out in 

General Condition of Contract. 

 

      Name: 

      Designation: 

      Seal: 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



   33

ANNEXURE-6 
 

Technical & Presentation Evaluation Criteria 
 
Technical Evaluation Criteria:  
 

Particulars Criteria Max Marks 
Year of Establishment Up to 3 Years = 2, >=4 Years = 3 3 
Quality certifications : ISO 
9001:2000 / CMM level 

ISO/CMM Level certified = 2 
otherwise 0 2 

Annual Turnover of Last Three years  
2009-2010 Up to 250 lacs =3, >=250 lacs =5 5 
2010-2011 Up to 250 lacs =3, >=250 lacs =5 5 
2011-2012 Up to 250 lacs =3, >=250 lacs =5 5 
Support Network in the state of Gujarat  
Head Office 1 Office = 3 3 
Development Centre 1 Office = 2, >=2 Offices = 3 3 
Support Centre 1 Office = 2, >=2 Offices = 3 3 
Repair/Workshop Facility 1 Office = 2, >=2 Offices = 3 3 
Existing Infrastructure  
Software (Details of 
Lic. Server Os, 
Desktop OS, 
Database, Document 
Management 
Software(DMS)) 

Server OS >=5 licenses = 1 mark 1 
Desktop OS >=200 licenses = 1 marks 1 
Database 
Software >=5 licenses = 1 mark 1 

DMS >=1 license = 1 mark 1 

Hardware (No. of 
desktop PCs, Servers, 
Scanners, printers, 
Backup Devices etc.) 

No. of 
Desktops 

>=200 desktops = 1 
marks 1 

Servers >=5 servers = 1 mark 1 
Scanners & 
Printers 

>= 25 Scanners & Printers 
= 1  1 

Back up 
devices >= 5 Back up devices =1  1 

Connectivity    
(Number of routers, 
switches, Gateway/ 
Lease line etc.) 
 

Number of 
routers >= 3 = 1 1 

switches >= 3 = 1 1 
Gateway/ 
Lease line >= 3 = 1 1 

Manpower Details  
No. of Employee in Project 
Management (1, 2) = 1, (3, 4) = 2, >=5 = 3 3 

No. of Data Entry Operators (1, 50) = 1, (51, 100) = 2, >=101 = 3 3 
No. of Scanning Operators (1, 50) = 1, (51, 100) = 2, >=101 = 3 3 
No. of Quality Control 
Operators (1, 50) = 1, (51, 100) = 2, >=101 = 3 3 



   34

No. of System Administrators (1, 2) = 1, (3, 4) = 2, >=5 = 3 3 
No. of Support Staff (1, 5) = 1, (5, 10) = 2, >=11 = 3 3 
No. of Other Staff  (1, 5) = 1, (5, 10) = 2, >=11 = 3 3 
Details of ongoing similar 
projects with status (Private 
sector) (1,2)=5,(3,5)=10,>=6=12 

12 

Details of ongoing similar 
projects with status 
(Government Sector) (1,2)=5,(3,5)=10,>=6=12 

12 

Details of data entry/ 
scanning project with order 
value Rs. 5 laces (1,2)=5,(3,5)=10,>=6=12 

12 

Total Marks 100 
 
 

Presentation Evaluation Criteria: 
 

Sr. no. Evaluation Criteria Max. Marks 

1 Approach & methodology for Data entry work 10 

2 Expertise in executing similar kind of project (Past experience & performance) 10 

3 Proposed deployment of hardware infrastructure at each location. 10 

4 Proposed deployment of manpower at each location 10 

5 Quality of Scanning and Cleaning of Records 10 

 Total Marks 50 
 
 
Note: Minimum 60 % out of Technical + presentation will be required to qualify for next 
stage i.e. opening of financial bids. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



   35

Annexure 7 
 

Financial Evaluation Formula 
 

The financial evaluation would be done strictly on following terms and 
conditions: 
 

1. All the bidders may apply for one or more zones, as mentioned in the 
RFP; however the contract will be awarded for only one zone to the L1 
bidder. 

2. The decision to award contract to a particular eligible bidder will be in 
a priority sequence, as defined in the RFP, where the contract for the 
top priority Zone will be decided first and then rest will follow in 
sequence. 

3. All the eligible bidders, who have quoted for a Zone will be arranged in 
increasing order of their financial bids and the contract will be 
awarded to the L1 Bidder. Incase the L1 Bidder fails to comply/ fulfill the 
necessary terms and conditions for the award of contract; the same 
will be awarded to next lowest bidder where the L2 bidder will have to 
match the rates of L1 bidder and fulfill all the necessary terms and 
conditions for award of contract. The same process will be followed for 
all the Zones as specified in the RFP. 
 

4.  Incase of a conflict situation, following will be done: 
 

a. Incase the same bidder is L1 in more than one Zone, the contract 
will be awarded to bidder for the Zone with higher priority and for 
the rest of Zones, he will not be considered except for the fact 
that the 2nd lowest bidder in that Zone does not agree to match 
the rates of the first L1 bidder for award of Contract. 
 

b. All the bidders who have not been L1 in earlier priority Zones will 
be listed independently in the subsequent Zones in order of 
priority in increasing order of financial bids. Unless there is conflict, 
the same process of awarding the contract to L1 bidder will be 
followed. Incase of conflict, the process as defined in point 3 and 
4(a) will be followed. 

 
Exception: 
Exception will be followed only in cases where no bidder is ready to match L1 
rate and / or there are not enough bidders available for the Zone, the work 
will be awarded to original L1 bidder, even if he has been awarded the 
contract for any higher priority Zones earlier during the process. 
 
Note: GIL/IGR reserves the complete right to take final decision to award 
contract based on the process described above.  

*********** 



ANNEXURE-8 
Sample of Index-2 register 

 

 



   37

ANNEXURE-9 
Sample format of output 

 


