















































1 
 

Name of work:-     C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, 

New Delhi. (SH: CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: Providing and 

fixing additional switches & accessories for Local Area Network). 

INDEX 

 

S.    
No. 

DECRIPTION PAGE No. 

1 Index 1 

2 Press Notice (E-Tendering) 2 

3 Information & Instructions for bidders for e-tendering forming 
part of bid document  

3-6 

4 Integrity Pact 7-13 

5 CPWD Form – 6 14-17 

6 CPWD Form – 7 18-24 

7 Performa of EMD & Performance Guarantee/Bank Guarantee 25-27 

8 Affidavit 28 

9 Schedule of Quantity   29-30 

10 Commercial and Additional Conditions 31-36 

11 Additional Conditions  37 

12 Technical Specifications 38-41 

 

 

 

 

 

 



2 
 

 
PWD 

PRESS NOTICE (E-TENDER) 

 

The Executive Engineer (E) Other Project Electrical Division, Western Yamuna Bank, Lok 

Nayak Setu, I.P. Estate, New Delhi-110002 (E-mail: eeeoped@gmail.com) (Ph 011-23392998) on behalf 

of the President of India invites online Percentage rate tender in two bid system from Manufacturer/ 

Authorized service agent / specialized agencies/ firms  in the field of  LAN system for following work: 

NIT No:    05/CPM(OP)/PWD/2018-19 Name of Work: - C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at 

Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, New Delhi. (SH: CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: 

Providing and fixing additional switches & accessories for Local Area Network). Estimated Cost: 

Rs. 62,86,928/- Earnest Money: Rs. 1,25,739/- Period of Completion: 60 Days. The Pre- Bid 

Conference shall be held on 03.07.2018 at 3:00 PM in the Office of CPM(OP), 13th  Floor M.S.O. 

Building, I.P. Estate, New Delhi-110002. Last time & date of submission of bid: 09.07.2018 at 3:00 P.M 

The bid forms and other details can be obtained from the website 

https://govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in/ID No ___________________. 

 

 

Not to be published below this line (For News Papers) 

 

 

Assistant Engineer (E)P 
OPED, PWD (GNCTD),      

New Delhi 

Executive Engineer(E), 
OPED, PWD, (GNCTD), 

    New Delhi 
 
 
 

Assistant Engineer (E)P 
O/o CPM(OP), PWD (GNCTD),      

New Delhi 

Executive Engineer(P), 
O/o CPM(OP), PWD, (GNCTD), 

    New Delhi 
 

 

 
 
 

Chief Project Manager  
Other Projects, PWD, New Delhi 

 

 

 

 

mailto:eeeoped@gmail.com
https://govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in/ID


3 
 
 
GOVERNMENT OF NCT, DELHI 

PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT 
 

INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR BIDDERS FOR e-TENDERING  

 

The Executive Engineer (E) Other Project Electrical Division Western Yamuna Bank, Lok 

Nayak Setu, I.P. Estate, New Delhi (Ph 011-23392998) on behalf of the President of India invites online 

Percentage Rate tender in two bid system from specialized agencies/ firms in the field of LAN system for 

following work: 

 

S. 
No. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
1 

NIT 
No. 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 

Name of work & 
Location 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

3 

Estimated 
cost put to 
bid 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
4 

Earnest 
Money  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
5 

Period of 
Completi
on 
    
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 

6 

Last date and 
time of 

submission of 
bid, Original 

EMD, Copy of 
receipt for 

deposition of 
original EMD & 

other 
documents as 
specified in the 
press notice. 

7 

Time and 
date of 
opening 

bid 

 

       

 

 
8 

1 

  
0
5
/C

P
M

(O
P

)/
P

W
D

/2
0
1
8
-1

9
 

C/o of New Delhi 
District Court Complex 
at Rouse Avenue, 
DDU Marg, New Delhi. 
(SH: CCTV and 
Access Control 
System). (S/w: 
Providing and fixing 
additional switches & 
accessories for Local 
Area Network). 

R
s

. 
6

2
,8

6
,9

2
8
/-

 

R
s

. 
1

,2
5
,7

3
9
/-

 

6
0
 D

a
y
s
  

Upto  
3.00 PM 

On   
09.07.2018 

 
Upto  

3.30 PM 
On              

09.07.2018 

 
 

….. *……To be filled by Executive Engineer (E)  
 

Pre- Bid Conference: 

The Pre- Bid Conference shall be held on 03.07.2018 at 03:00 P.M. in the Office of Chief Project Manager (OP), 

PWD, 13
TH

 Floor M.S.O. Building, I.P. Estate, New Delhi-110002. 

 



4 
 

The following will be considered eligible, provided they fulfill the prescribed criteria 

Pre-qualification criteria requirements given therein:- 

Specialized firms/agencies who fulfill the following requirements shall be eligible to apply. Joint 

ventures are not accepted. 
 

(a) Should have satisfactorily completed the works as mentioned below during the last seven 

years ending last day of submission of tender. :- 

 

 (i) Three similar works each of value not less than 40% of estimated cost. 

    or 

 (ii) Two similar works each of value not less than 60% of estimated cost. 

    or 

 (iii) One similar work of value not less than 80% of estimated cost. 
 

Similar work shall mean works “SITC of LAN  equipments.” 
 

The value of executed works shall be brought to current costing level by enhancing the actual value of 

work at simple rate of 7% per annum; calculated from the date of completion to last date of submission 

of  bids.  

b)  At the time of submission of Performance Guarantee specialized agency shall submit 
along with performance guarantee after acceptance of Tender an undertaking from the 
OEM /Authorized Service Agent indicating:-  

(i) that the Comprehensive Maintenance shall be executed either by the OEM itself or its 
authorized service agent.  

1. The intending bidder must read the terms and conditions of CPWD-6 carefully. He should only 
submit his bid if he considers himself eligible and he is in possession of all the documents 
required. 

2. Press Notice for bidder(s) posted on website shall form of bid document. 
 

3. The Bid documents consisting of plans, specifications, the schedule of quantities of various 
types of items to be executed and the set of terms and conditions of the contract to be complied 
with and other necessary documents can be seen and downloaded from website 
https://govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in  free of cost. 

4. But the bid can only be submitted after deposition of original EMD either in the office of 
Executive Engineer inviting bids or division office of any Executive Engineer PWD Delhi/CPWD 
within period of bid submission. (The EMD document shall only be issued from the place in 
which the office of receiving division office is situated) and uploading the mandatory 
scanned documents such as Demand Draft or Pay order or Banker`s Cheque or Deposit at call 
Receipt or Fixed Deposit Receipts and Bank Guarantee of any Scheduled Bank towards EMD in 
favour of Executive Engineer (E) B-241, PWD, New Delhi,  as mentioned in NIT, receipt for 
deposition of original EMD to division office of any Executive Engineer, PWD 
Delhi/CPWD and other documents as specified.  

5. Those contractors not registered on the website mentioned above, are required to get registered 

beforehand. If needed they can be imparted training on online bidding process as per details 

available on the website. 

6. The intending bidder must have valid digital signature to submit the bid. 

7. On opening date, the contractor can login and see the bid opening process. After opening of 
bids he will receive the competitor bid sheets. 

https://govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in/


5 
8. Contractor can upload documents in the form of RAR format and PDF format. 

9. When bid are invited in two /three stages systems and if it is desired to submit revised financial 

bid it shall be mandatory to submit revised financial bid. If not submitted then the bid submitted 

earlier shall become invalid. 

10. The department reserves the right to reject any prospective application without assigning any  

reason and to restrict the list of qualified contractors to any number deemed suitable by it, if too   

many bids are received satisfying the laid down criterion. 

List of Documents to be scanned and uploaded within the period of bid submission: 
 

1. Treasury Challan/Demand Draft/Pay order or Banker`s Cheque /Deposit at Call Receipt/Bank 

Guarantee of any Scheduled Bank against EMD. 

 

2. Copy of receipt for deposition of original EMD issued from division office of any Executive Engineer, 

PWD Delhi/CPWD (The EMD document shall be issued from the place in which the office of 

receiving division office is situated.) 

 

3. Experience certificates issued by competent authority not the below the rank of Executive 
Engineer in case of Govt/ PSU work and Regional manager/General manager in case of Private 
work.( In case of Work in private sector bidders has to upload BOQ, letter of intent, copy of 
agreement and related TDS certificates). All certificates up loaded must be verifiable. 

  

 
4. Affidavit as per provisions of clause 1.2.1 of CPWD-6. 

 

 

5. Certificate of Registration for GST and acknowledgement of up to date GST return. 

 
 
Note: Above documents are to be uploaded by putting these document in a single folder 
and converting in to zip file i.e. .rar format. 
 
….. *……To be filled by Executive Engineer (E)  
 
 
 
 

 

Executive Engineer (E),  

Other Project Electrical Division,  

PWD, Western Bank,  

Lok Nayak Setu, New Delhi 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 



6 
Information and instruction for Executive Engineer for e-tendering 

 

1. The Executive Engineer of all divisions of PWD, Delhi/CPWD should receive the original EMD for 

tender of other division. 

2. The NIT approving authority/EE at the time of issue of NIT shall also fill and upload the following 

prescribed format of receipt of deposition of original EMD along with NIT:- 

Receipt of deposition of original EMD 

 

(Receipt No……………./date …………..) 

Name of work: C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU 

Marg, New Delhi. (SH: CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: Providing and 

fixing additional switches & accessories for Local Area Network).  

 

1. NIT No.    05/CPM(OP)/PWD/2018-19 
 

2. Estimate Cost:  Rs. 62,86,928/- 
 

3. Amount of Earnest Money Deposit: Rs. 1,25,739/- 
 

4. Last date of Submission of bid:  09.07.2018. 
 

(*To be filled by NIT approving authority/EE at the time of issue of NIT and uploaded 

along with NIT) 

1. Name of contractor ………………………………… 
 

2. From EMD …………………………………………. 
 

3. Amount of Earnest Money Deposit: Rs.  …………. 
 

4. Date of Submission of EMD ………………………. 

 

3. The Executive Engineer receiving EMD in original form shall examine the EMD deposited by the 

bidder and shall issue a receipt of deposition of earnest money to the agency in a given format 

uploaded by tender inviting EE. The receipt may be issued by the AE(P)/AE/AAO/Cashier (Where 

AE(P)/AE/AAO not posted). 

4. The Executive Engineer receiving original EMD shall also intimate tender inviting Executive 

Engineer about deposition of EMD by the agency by email/fax/telephonically. 

5. The original EMD receiving Executive Engineer shall release the EMD after verification from the 

e-tendering portal website (www.govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in) or from Executive Engineer 

inviting the tender through E-mail/Fax/Telephonically that the particular contractor is not L-1 

tenderer and work is awarded. 

6. The tender inviting Executive Engineer will call for original EMD of the L-1 tenderer from EMD 

receiving Executive Engineer immediately. 

 

Executive Engineer (E) 

PWD, OPED, New Delhi- 02. 

Email: eeeoped@gmail.com 

Ph: 011-23392998 

 

http://www.govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in/


7 
Integrity Pact 

To, 

 

M/s ……………………….., 

……………………….., 

……………………….. 

 

Sub: NIT No.  05/CPM(OP)/PWD/2018-19 for the work- C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex 
at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, New Delhi. (SH: CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: 
Providing and fixing additional switches & accessories for Local Area Network). 
 
Dear Sir, 

It is here by declared that PWD is committed to follow the principle of transparency, equity and 

competitiveness in public procurement. 

The subject Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) is an invitation to offer made on the condition that the 

Bidder will sign the integrity Agreement, which is an integral part of tender/bid documents, failing which 

the tenderer/bidder will stand disqualified from the tendering process and the bid of the bidder would be 

summarily rejected. 

This declaration shall form part and parcel of the Integrity Agreement and signing of the same 

shall be deemed as acceptance and signing of the Integrity Agreement on behalf of the PWD. 

Yours faithfully 

 

Executive Engineer 



8 
To, 

Executive Engineer (E), 
O.P.E.D., PWD, Western Yamuna Bank,  
Lok Nayak Setu, I.P. Estate,  
New Delhi. 

 

Sub C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, New Delhi. 
 (SH: CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: Providing and fixing additional 
 switches & accessories for Local Area Network). 
 
Dear Sir, 

I/We acknowledge that PWD is committed to follow the principles thereof as enumerated in the 

Integrity Agreement enclosed with the tender/bid document. 

 

I/We agree that the Notice Inviting Tender (NIT) is an invitation to offer made on the condition 

that I/We will sign the enclosed integrity Agreement, which is an integral part of tender documents, 

failing which I/We will stand disqualified from the tendering process. I/We acknowledge that THE 

MAKING OF THE BID SHALL BE REGARDED AS AN UNCONDITIONAL AND ABSOLUTE 

ACCEPTANCE of this condition of the NIT. 

I/We confirm acceptance and compliance with the Integrity Agreement in letter and spirit and 

further agree that execution of the said Integrity Agreement shall be separate and distinct from the main 

contract, which will come into existence when tender/bid is finally accepted by PWD. I/We acknowledge 

and accept the duration of the Integrity Agreement, which shall be in the line with Article 1 of the 

enclosed Integrity Agreement. 

 

I/We acknowledge that in the event of my/our failure to sign and accept the Integrity Agreement, 

while submitting the tender/bid, PWD shall have unqualified, absolute and unfettered right to disqualify 

the tenderer/bidder and reject the tender/bid is accordance with terms and conditions of the tender/bid. 

Yours faithfully 

(Duly authorized signatory of the Bidder) 

 

 

 

 

 

 



9 
To be signed by the bidder and same signatory competent / authorised to sign the relevant 

contract on behalf of PWD. 

 

 
INTEGRITY AGREEMENT 

 
This Integrity Agreement is made at .........*........ on this ……...*.......... day of .......*......20..*.......... 
 
 

BETWEEN 
 

President of India represented through Executive Engineer (E),OPED, PWD, Western Yamuna Bank, 
I.P. Estate, New Delhi.(Hereinafter referred as the ‘Principal/Owner’, which expression shall unless 
repugnant to the meaning or context hereof include its successors and permitted assigns) 

AND 
.................................................................................................................................................. 

(Name and Address of the Individual/firm/Company) 
Through ............................................................(Hereinafter referred to as the “Bidder/Contractor"  
(Details of duly authorized signatory) 
and which expression shall unless repugnant to the meaning or context hereof include its successors 
and permitted assigns) 
 
Preamble 
WHEREAS the Principal / Owner has floated the Tender (NIT No.  05/CPM(OP)/PWD/2018-19) 
(hereinafter referred to as “Tender/Bid”) and intends to award, under laid down organizational 

procedure, contract C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, 
New Delhi. (SH: CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: Providing and fixing 
additional switches & accessories for Local Area Network). 
 
 
Herein after referred to as the “Contract”. 
 
AND WHEREAS the Principal/Owner values full compliance with all relevant laws of the land, rules, 
regulations, economic use of resources and of fairness/transparency in its relation with its Bidder(s) and 
Contractor(s). 
AND WHEREAS to meet the purpose aforesaid both the parties have agreed to enter into this Integrity 
Agreement (hereinafter referred to as “Integrity Pact” or “Pact”), the terms and conditions of which 
shall also be read as integral part and parcel of the Tender/Bid documents and Contract between the 
parties. 
NOW, Therefore, in consideration of mutual covenants contained in this Pact, the parties hereby agree 
as follows and this Pact witnesses as under: 
 
Article 1: Commitment of the Principal/Owner 
 
1) The Principal/Owner commits itself to take all measures necessary to prevent corruption and to 

observe the following principles:  



10 
a) No employee of the Principal/Owner, personally or through any of his/her family members, will 

in connection with the Tender, or the execution of the Contract, demand, take a promise for or 
accept, for self or third person, any material or immaterial benefit which the person is not legally 
entitled to. 

(b) The Principal/Owner will, during the Tender process, treat all Bidder(s) with equity and reason. 
The Principal/Owner will, in particular, before and during the Tender process, provide to all 
Bidder(s) the same information and will not provide to any Bidder(s) confidential/additional 
information through which the Bidder(s) could obtain an advantage in relation to the Tender 
process or the Contract execution. 

 
c) The Principal/Owner shall Endeavour to exclude from the Tender process any person, whose 

conduct in the past has been of biased nature. 
 
2) If the Principal/Owner obtains information on the conduct of any of its employees which is a 

criminal offence under the Indian Penal code (IPC)/Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 (PC Act) 
or is in violation of the principles herein mentioned or if there be a substantive suspicion in this 
regard, the Principal/Owner will inform the Chief Vigilance Officer and in addition can also 
initiate disciplinary actions as per its internal laid down policies and procedures. 

 
Article 2: Commitment of the Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) 
 
1) It is required that each Bidder/Contractor (including their respective  officers, employees and 

agents) adhere to the highest ethical standards, and report to the Government / Department all 
suspected acts of fraud or corruption or Coercion or Collusion of which it has knowledge or 
becomes aware, during the tendering process and throughout the negotiation or award of a 
contract. 

 
2) The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) commits himself to take all measures necessary to prevent 

corruption. He commits himself to observe the following principles during his participation in the 
Tender process and during the Contract execution: 

 
a) The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) will not, directly or through any other person or firm, offer, promise 

or give to any of the Principal/Owner’s employees involved in the Tender process or execution 
of the Contract or to any third person any material or other benefit which he/she is not legally 
entitled to, in order to obtain in exchange any advantage of any kind whatsoever during the 
Tender process or during the execution of the Contract. 

 
b) The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) will not enter with other Bidder(s) into any undisclosed agreement 

or understanding, whether formal or informal. This applies in particular to prices, specifications, 
certifications, subsidiary contracts, submission or non-submission of bids or any other actions to 
restrict competitiveness or to cartelize in the bidding process. 

 
c) The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) will not commit any offence under the relevant IPC/PC Act. Further 

the Bidder(s)/Contract(s) will not use improperly, (for the purpose of competition or personal 
gain), or pass on to others, any information or documents provided by the Principal/Owner as 
part of the business relationship, regarding plans, technical proposals and business details, 
including information contained or transmitted electronically. 

 
d) The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) of foreign origin shall disclose the names and addresses of 

agents/representatives in India, if any. Similarly Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) of Indian Nationality 
shall disclose names and addresses of foreign agents/representatives, if any. Either the Indian 
agent on behalf of the foreign principal or the foreign principal directly could bid in a tender but 
not both. Further, in cases where an agent participate in a tender on behalf of one 
manufacturer, he shall not be allowed to quote on behalf of another manufacturer along with the 
first manufacturer in a subsequent/parallel tender for the same item. 



11 
 
e) The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) will, when presenting his bid, disclose (with each tender as per 

proforma enclosed)any and all payments he has made, is committed to or intends to make to 
agents, brokers or any other intermediaries in connection with the award of the Contract. 

 
3) The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) will not instigate third persons to commit offences outlined above or 

be an accessory to such offences. 
 
4)  The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) will not, directly or through any other person or firm indulge in 

fraudulent practice means a willful misrepresentation or omission of facts or submission of 
fake/forged documents in order to induce public official to act in reliance thereof, with the 
purpose of obtaining unjust advantage by or causing damage to justified interest of others 
and/or to influence the procurement process to the detriment of the Government interests. 
 

5)  The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) will not, directly or through any other person or firm use Coercive 
Practices (means the act of obtaining something, compelling an action or influencing a decision 
through intimidation, threat or the use of force directly or indirectly, where potential or actual 
injury may befall upon a person, his/ her reputation or property to influence their participation in 
the tendering process). 

 
Article 3: Consequences of Breach 
 

Without prejudice to any rights that may be available to the Principal/Owner under law or the 
Contract or its established policies and laid down procedures, the Principal/Owner shall have 
the following rights in case of breach of this Integrity Pact by the Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) and the 
Bidder/ Contractor accepts and undertakes to respect and uphold the Principal/Owner’s 
absolute right: 

 
1) If the Bidder(s)/Contractor(s), either before award or during execution of Contract has 

committed a transgression through a violation of Article 2 above or in any other form, such as to 
put his reliability or credibility in question, the Principal/Owner after giving 14 days notice to the 
contractor shall have powers to disqualify the Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) from the Tender process 
or terminate/determine the Contract, if already executed or exclude the Bidder/Contractor from 
future contract award processes. The imposition and duration of the exclusion will be 
determined by the severity of transgression and determined by the Principal/Owner. Such 
exclusion may be forever or for a limited period as decided by the Principal/Owner. 

 
2)  Forfeiture of EMD/Performance Guarantee/Security Deposit: If the Principal/Owner has 

disqualified the Bidder(s) from the Tender process prior to the award of the Contract or 
terminated/determined the Contract or has accrued the right to terminate/determine the Contract 
according to Article 3(1), the Principal/Owner apart from exercising any legal rights that may 
have accrued to the Principal/Owner, may in its considered opinion forfeit the entire amount of 
Earnest Money Deposit, Performance Guarantee and Security Deposit of the Bidder/Contractor. 

 
2) Criminal Liability: If the Principal/Owner obtains knowledge of conduct of a Bidder or 

Contractor, or of an employee or a representative or an associate of a Bidder or Contractor 
which constitutes corruption within the meaning of Indian Penal code (IPC)/Prevention of 
Corruption Act, or if the Principal/Owner has substantive suspicion in this regard, the 
Principal/Owner will inform the same to law enforcing agencies for further investigation. 
 
 
 
 
 

 



12 
Article 4: Previous Transgression 
 
1) The Bidder declares that no previous transgressions occurred in the last 5 years with any other 

Company in any country confirming to the anticorruption approach or with Central Government 
or State Government or any other Central/State Public Sector Enterprises in India that could 
justify his exclusion from the Tender process. 

 
2) If the Bidder makes incorrect statement on this subject, he can be disqualified from the Tender 

process or action can be taken for banning of business dealings/ holiday listing of the 
Bidder/Contractor as deemed fit by the Principal/ Owner. 

 
3)  If the Bidder/Contractor can prove that he has resorted / recouped the damage caused by him 

and has installed a suitable corruption prevention system, the Principal/Owner may, at its own 
discretion, revoke the exclusion prematurely. 

 
Article 5: Equal Treatment of all Bidders/Contractors/Sub-contractors 

1)  The Bidder(s)/Contractor(s) undertake(s) to demand from all subcontractors a commitment in 
conformity with this Integrity Pact. The Bidder/Contractor shall be responsible for any 
violation(s) of the principles laid down in this agreement/Pact by any of its Subcontractors/ sub-
vendors. 

 
2) The Principal/Owner will enter into Pacts on identical terms as this one with all Bidders and 

Contractors. 
 

3) The Principal/Owner will disqualify Bidders, who do not submit, the duly signed Pact between 
the Principal/Owner and the bidder, along with the Tender or violate its provisions at any stage 
of the Tender process, from the Tender process. 

 
Article 6- Duration of the Pact 

This Pact begins when both the parties have legally signed it. It expires for the 
Contractor/Vendor 12 months after the completion of work under the contract or till the 
continuation of defect liability period, whichever is more and for all other bidders, till the Contract 
has been awarded. 

 
If any claim is made/lodged during the time, the same shall be binding and Continue to be valid 
despite the lapse of this Pact as specified above, unless it is discharged/determined by the 
Competent Authority, PWD. 

Article 7- Other Provisions 
 
1)  This Pact is subject to Indian Law, place of performance and jurisdiction is the Head quarters 

of the Division of the Principal/Owner, who has floated the Tender. 
2)  Changes and supplements need to be made in writing. Side agreements have not been made. 
3) If the Contractor is a partnership or a consortium, this Pact must be signed by all the partners or 

by one or more partner holding power of attorney signed by all partners and consortium 
members. In case of a Company, the Pact must be signed by a representative duly authorized 
by board resolution. 

4)  Should one or several provisions of this Pact turn out to be invalid; the remainder of this Pact 
remains valid. In this case, the parties will strive to come to an agreement to their original 
intensions. 

5)  It is agreed term and condition that any dispute or difference arising between the parties with 
regard to the terms of this Integrity Agreement / Pact, any action taken by the Owner/Principal in 
accordance with this Integrity Agreement/ Pact or interpretation thereof shall not be 
subject to arbitration. 



13 
 

Article 8- LEGAL AND PRIOR RIGHTS 

All rights and remedies of the parties hereto shall be in addition to all the other legal rights and 
remedies belonging to such parties under the Contract and/or law and the same shall be 
deemed to be cumulative and not alternative to such legal rights and remedies aforesaid. For 
the sake of brevity, both the Parties agree that this Integrity Pact will have precedence over the 
Tender/Contact documents with regard any of the provisions covered under this Integrity Pact. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have signed and executed this Integrity Pact at the place 

and date first above mentioned in the presence of following 
witnesses: 
 
Executive Engineer (E), 
O.P.E.D., PWD, 
Western Yamuna Bank, I.P. Estate, 
New Delhi 
(For and on behalf of Principal/Owner) 
 
…………………………………………….. 
 (For and on behalf of Bidder/Contractor) 
 
WITNESSES: 
1. ..............................................     2. ............................................... 
(Signature, name and address)        (Signature, name and address) 
Place: 
Dated : 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



14 
       CPWD-6 

 
CPWD-6 FOR e-Tendering  

 
1. The Executive Engineer (E) Other Project Electrical Division Western Yamuna Bank, Lok 

Nayak Setu, I.P. Estate, New Delhi (Ph 011-23392998) on behalf of the President of India 
invites online percentage rate tender in two bid system from Manufacturer/ Authorized service 
agent /specialized agencies/ firms in the field of LAN system for following work: C/o of New 
Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, New Delhi. (SH: CCTV and 
Access Control System). (S/w: Providing and fixing additional switches & accessories for 
Local Area Network). 

 
1.1  The work is estimated to cost Rs. 62,86,928/- This estimate, however, is given merely 

as a rough guide. 
 

1.2 Details of criteria for eligibility As Indicated in “INFORMATION AND INSTRUCTIONS 
FOR CONTRACTORS FOR e-TENDERING FORMING PART OF NIT AND TO BE 
POSTED ON  WEBSITE” 

 
1.2.1  To become eligible, the tenderer shall have to furnish an affidavit on non-judicial e-
 stamp paper as under:- 

I/We undertake and confirm that eligible similar work(s) has /have not been got 
executed through another contractor on back basis. Further that, if such a 
violation comes to the notice of department, than I/we shall be debarred for 
tendering in CPWD and PWD in future forever. Also, if such a violation comes to 
the notice of Department before date of start of work, the Engineer-in-Charge 
shall be free to forfeit the entire amount to Earnest Money Deposit/Performance 
Guarantee (Scanned copy to be uploaded at the time of submission of bid). 
 

2. Agreement shall be drawn with the successful bidders on prescribed Form No. CPWD 7 (or 
other Standard Form as mentioned) which is available as a Govt. of India Publication and also 
available on website www.pwd.gov.in. Bidders shall quote his rates as per various terms and 
conditions of the said form which will form part of the agreement. 
 

3. The time allowed for carrying out the work will be 60 Days from the date of start as defined in 
schedule 'F' or from the first date of handing over of the site, whichever is later, in accordance 
with the phasing, if any, indicated in the bid documents. 
 

4. The site for the work is available. 
 

5 The bid document consisting of plans, specifications, the schedule of quantities of various type 
RENIT of items to be executed and the set of terms and conditions of the contract to be 
complied with and other necessary documents except Standard General Conditions of Contract 
Form can be seen and downloaded from website https://govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in  free 
of cost. 

 
6. After submission of the bid the contractor can re-submit revised bid any number of times but 

before last time and date of submission of bid as notified. 
 
7. While submitting the revised bid, contractor can revise the rate of one or more item(s) any 

number of times (he need not re-enter rate of all the items) but before last time and date of 
submission of bid as notified.  

 

https://govtprocurement.delhi.gov.in/


15 
8. When bids are invited in three stage system and if, it is desired to submit revised financial bid 

then it shall be mandatory to submit revised financial bid. If not submitted then the tender 
submitted earlier shall become invalid. 

 
9. Earnest Money in the form of Treasury Challan or Demand Draft or Pay order or Banker`s 

Cheque or Deposit at Call Receipt or Fixed Deposit Receipt (drawn in favour Executive 
Engineer (E), B-241,PWD, New Delhi )shall be scanned and uploaded to the e-Tendering 
website within the period of bid submission. The original EMD should be deposited either 
in the office of Executive Engineer inviting bids or division office of any Executive 
Engineer (E), PWD Delhi/CPWD within the period of bid submission. (The EMD document 
shall only be issued from the place in which the office of receiving division from the 
place in which the office of receiving division office is situated). The EMD receiving 
Executive Engineer shall issue a receipt of deposition of earnest money deposit to the 
bidder in a prescribed format (enclosed) uploaded by tender inviting EE in the NIT. The 
receipt shall be also be uploaded to the e-tendering website by the intending bidder upto 
the specified bid submission date & time. 

 
A part of earnest money is acceptable in the form of bank guarantee also. In such case, 50% of 
earnest money or Rs. 20 lac, whichever is less, will have to be deposited in shape prescribed 
above, and balance in shape of Bank Guarantee of any scheduled bank having validity for six 
months or more from the last date of receipt of bids which is to be scanned and uploaded 
by the intending bidders. 
 
Copy of Enlistment Order and certificate of work experience and other documents as specified 
in the press notice shall be scanned and uploaded to the e-Tendering website within the period 
of bid submission.  
 
Online bid documents submitted by intending bidders shall be opened only of those bidders, 
whose EMD deposited with any division office of PWD Delhi/CPWD and other documents 
scanned and uploaded are found in order. 
 
The bid submitted shall be opened at 03:30 PM on as mention in Instruction to bidder 
 

10 The bid submitted shall become invalid if: 
 

(i) The bidders is found ineligible. 
 

(ii) The bidder does not deposit original EMD with division office of any Executive Engineer, 
PWD Delhi/CPWD. (The EMD document shall only be issued from the place in 
which the office of receiving division office is situated). 

 
(iii) The bidder does not upload all the documents (including GST registration & up to date 

GST return) as stipulated in the bid documents including the copy of receipt for 
deposition of original EMD. 
 

(iv) If any discrepancy is noticed between the documents as uploaded at the time of 
submission of bid and hard copies as submitted physically by the lowest tenderer in the 
office of tender opening authority. 
 

11. The contractor whose bid is accepted will be required to furnish performance guarantee of 5% 
(Five Percent) of the tendered amount within the period specified in Schedule F. This guarantee 
shall be in the form of cash (in case guarantee amount is less than Rs. 10000/-) or Deposit at 
Call receipt of any scheduled bank/Banker’s cheque of any scheduled bank/Demand Draft of 
any scheduled bank/Pay order of any Scheduled Bank (in case guarantee amount is less than 
Rs.1,00,000/-) or Government Securities or Fixed Deposit Receipts or Guarantee Bonds of any 



16 
Scheduled Bank or the State Bank of India in accordance with the prescribed form. In case the 
contractor fails to deposit the said performance guarantee within the period as indicated in 
Schedule ‘F’, including the extended period if any, the Earnest Money deposited by the 
contractor shall be forfeited automatically without any notice to the contractor. The earnest 
money deposited along with bid shall be returned after submission of the aforesaid 
performance guarantee. (Modified vide OM DG/CON/273 dt. 01.10.2013) 

       
12.     Intending bidders are advised to inspect and examine the site and its surroundings and satisfy 

themselves before submitting their bids as to the nature of the ground and sub-soil (so far as is 
practicable), the form and nature of the site, the means of access to the site, the 
accommodation they may require and in general shall themselves obtain all necessary 
information as to risks, contingencies and other circumstances which may influence or affect 
their bid. A bidders shall be deemed to have full knowledge of the site whether he inspects it or 
not and no extra charge consequent on any misunderstanding or otherwise shall be allowed. 
The bidders shall be responsible for arranging and maintaining at his own cost all materials, 
tools & plants, water, electricity access, facilities for workers and all other services required for 
executing the work unless otherwise specifically provided for in the contract documents. 
Submission of a bid by a bidders implies that he has read this notice and all other contract 
documents and has made himself aware of the scope and specifications of the work to be done 
and of conditions and rates at which stores, tools and plant, etc. will be issued to him by the 
Government and local conditions and other factors having a bearing on the execution of the 
work. 

 
13 Copies of other drawing and documents pertaining to the works will be open for inspection by 

the tenderers at the office of above mentioned officer. Tenderers are advised to inspect and 
examine the site and its surroundings and satisfy themselves before submitting their tenders as 
to the nature of the ground and sub-soil (so far as is practicable), the form and nature of the site, 
the means of access to the site, the accommodation they may require and in general shall 
themselves obtain all necessary information as to risks, contingencies and other circumstances 
which may influence or affect their tender. A tenderer shall be deemed to have full knowledge of 
the site whether he inspects it or not and no extra charge consequent on any misunderstanding 
or otherwise shall be allowed. The tenderer shall be responsible for arranging and maintaining 
at his own cost all materials, tools & plants, water, electricity access, facilities for workers and all 
other services required for executing the work unless otherwise specifically provided for in the 
contract documents. Submission of a tender by a tenderer implies that he has read this notice 
and all other contract documents and has made himself aware of the scope and specifications 
of the work to be done and of conditions and rates at which stores, tools and plant, etc. will be 
issued to him by the Government and local conditions and other factors having a bearing on the 
execution of the work. 
 

14. The competent authority on behalf of the President of India does not bind itself to accept the 
lowest or any other bid and reserves to itself the authority to reject any or all the bids received 
without the assignment of any reason. All bids in which any of the prescribed condition is not 
fulfilled or any condition including that of conditional rebate is put forth by the bidders shall be 
summarily rejected. 

 
15. Canvassing whether directly or indirectly, in connection with tenderer sis strictly prohibited and 

the tenders submitted by the contractors who resort to canvassing will be liable to rejection. 
 
16 The competent authority on behalf of the President of India does not bind itself to accept the 

lowest or any other bid and reserves to itself the authority to reject any or all the bids received 
without the assignment of any reason. All bids in which any of the prescribed condition is not 
fulfilled or any condition including that of conditional rebate is put forth by the bidders shall be 
summarily rejected. 

 



17 
17.  The contractor shall not be permitted to bid for works in the CPWD Circle (Division in case of 

contractors of Horticulture/Nursery category) responsible for award and execution of contracts, 
in which his near relative is posted a Divisional Accountant or as an officer in any capacity 
between the grades of Superintending Engineer and Junior Engineer (both inclusive). He shall 
also intimate the names of persons who are working with him in any capacity or are 
subsequently employed by him and who are near relatives to any gazzetted officer in the 
Central Public Works Department or in the Ministry of Urban Development. Any breach of this 
condition by the contractor would render him liable to be removed from the approved list of 
contractors of this Department. 

 
18.  No Engineer of Gazzetted Rank or other Gazzetted Officer employed in Engineering or 

Administrative duties in an Engineering Department of the Government of India is allowed to 
work as a contractor for a period of one year after his retirement from Government service, 
without the prior permission of the Government of India in writing. This contract is liable to be 
cancelled if either the contractor or any of his employees is found any time to be such a person 
who had not obtained the permission of the Government of India as aforesaid before 
submission of the bid or engagement in the contractor's service. 

 
19. The bid for the works shall remain open for acceptance for a period of Sixty (60) days from the 

date of opening of financial bid. If any bidder(s) withdraws his bid before the said period or issue 
of letter of acceptance, whichever is earlier, or makes any modifications in the terms and 
conditions of the bid which are not acceptable to the department, then the Government shall, 
without prejudice to any other right or remedy, be at liberty to forfeit 50% of the said earnest 
money as aforesaid. Further the bidders shall not be allowed to participate in the rebidding 
process of the work.  
 

20. This notice inviting Bid shall form a part of the contract document. The successful 
bidders/contractor, acceptance of his bid by the Accepting Authority shall within 15 days from 
the stipulated date of start of the work, sign the contract consisting of:- 

 
(a) The Notice Inviting Bid, all the documents including additional conditions, specifications and 
drawings, if any, forming part of the bid as uploaded at the time of invitation of bid and the rates 
quoted online at the time of submission of bid and acceptance thereof together with any 
correspondence leading there. 
 
(b) Standard P.W.D. Form 7 is applicable. 

 
 
 

Executive Engineer (E) 

Other Projects Electrical Division, 

 PWD, Western Yamuna Bank, 

Lok Nayak Setu, New Delhi. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



18 
CPWD –7 

 
GOVERNMENT OF DELHI 

PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT 

STATE DELHI  Division: OPED  

BRANCH E&M  ZONE :   

     
 

Percentage Rate Tender & Contract for works 

 
Tender for the work of: C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg,  
   New Delhi. (SH: CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: Providing and   
   fixing additional switches & accessories for Local Area Network). 
 
            To be uploaded on website upto 3:00 PM. 
 
(i) To be opened online in the office of Executive Engineer (E), PWD, Other Project Electrical Division, 

Western Yamuna Bank, Lok Nayak Setu, I.P. Estate,  New Delhi.  
(a) Technical Bid at 3:30 PM on ...*... 
(b) Financial Bid at ....*.... will be intimated later to eligible bidders. 
 

 
TENDER 

 
I/We have read and examined the notice inviting tender, schedule, A, B, C, D, E, & F, specifications 
applicable, Drawings & Designs, General Rules and Directions, Conditions of Contract.  Clauses of 
contract, Special conditions, Schedule of Rate & other documents and Rules referred to in the 
conditions of contract and all other contents in the tender document for the work. 
 
 
I/We hereby tender for the execution of the work specified for the President of India within the times 

specified in Schedule `F’ Viz. Schedule of quantities and in accordance in all respects with the 

specifications, designs, drawings and instructions in writing referred to the Rule- 1 of General Rules 

and Directions and in Clause 11 of the Conditions of contract and with such materials as are provided 

for, by, and in respects in accordance with, such conditions so far as applicable.  

We agree to keep the tender open for Sixty (60) days from the date of opening of financial bid thereof 

and not to make any modification in its terms and conditions. A sum of Rs.1,25,739/- is hereby 

forwarded in form of Deposit at Call Receipt/Treasury Challan/ Bankers Cheque/ Demand Draft/Fix 

Deposit Receipt of a Scheduled Bank as earnest money.  If I/We fail to furnish the prescribed 

performance guarantee within prescribed period, I/We agree that the said President of India or his 

successors in office shall without prejudice to any other right or remedy be at liberty to forfeit the said 

earnest money absolutely. Further, If I/We fail to commence work as specified, I/WE agree that the said 

President of India or his successors in office shall without prejudice to any other right or remedy 

available in law, be at liberty to forfeit the said earnest money and the performance guarantee 

absolutely, otherwise the said earnest money shall be retained by him towards security deposit to 

execute all the works referred to in the tender documents upon the terms and conditions contained or 

referred to therein and to carry out such deviations as may be ordered, upto maximum of percentage 

mentioned in schedule ‘F’ and those in excess of that limit at the rates to be determined in accordance 

with the provision contained in clause 12.2 and 12.3 of the tender form. Further, I/We agree that in case 



19 
of forfeiture of Earnest Money or Performance Guarantee as aforesaid, I/We shall be debarred for 

participation in the re-tendering process of the work. 

I/We undertake and confirm that eligible similar work(s) has/have not been got executed through 
another contractor on back to back basis. Further that, if such a violation comes to the notice of 
Department, then I/We shall be debarred for tendering in CPWD in future forever. Also, if such a 
violation comes to the notice of Department before date of start of work, the Engineer-in-Charge shall 
be free to forfeit the entire amount of Earnest Money Deposit/Performance Guarantee. 
  
I/We hereby declare that I/We shall treat the tender documents drawings and other records connected 
with the work as secret/confidential documents and shall not communicate information/derived there 
from to any person other than a person to whom I/We am/are authorized to communicate the same or 
use the information in any manner prejudicial to the safety of the State.  

 

Dated……….………       Signature of Contractor 

         Postal Address....*….. 

Witness: 

Address: 

Occupation: 

Dated …………   .    Signature of Contractor 

         Postal Address 

Witness :        Telephone No.: 

Address :        Fax. 

Occupation :        Email 

  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



20 
 

ACCEPTANCE 

 

 

The above tender (as modified by you as provided in the letters mentioned hereunder) is accepted by 

me for and on behalf of the President of India for a sum of Rs. ………*……...... 

(Rupees..........*.........................................................................................................................) 

The letters referred to below shall form part of this contract agreement:- 

 

 

(a) 

(b) ….*…. 

(c)  

 

For & on behalf of the President of India 

       Signature………………………………… 

       

 

 Designation:         Executive Engineer (E) 

OPE D, PWD, New Delhi 

….*…. To be filled by EE (E) 



21 
PROFORMA OF SCHEDULES 

(Separate Performa for civil, elect& Hort. Work in case of composite Tenders) 
(Operative Schedules to be supplied separately to each intending Tenderer) 

 
SCHEDULE ‘A’     Page No. 29-30  
Schedule of quantities (Enclosed)    

 

SCHEDULE ‘B’ 
 
Schedule of materials to be issued to the contractor. 
 
S. No. Description of item.  Quantity. Rate in figures & words         Place of  
       at which the material will          issue 
       be charged to the contractor 
        
 (1)  (2)      (3)         (4)     (5) 

 
-NIL- 

        
SCHEDULE ‘C’ 
Tools and plants to be hired to the contractor 
 
S. No.  DESCRIPTION.  HIRE CHARGES  PLACE OF ISSUE 
      PER DAY 
 

NIL 
 
SCHEDULE ‘D’ 
Extra schedule for specific requirements/ documents for the work, if any. ----- Nil 
 
SCHEDULE ‘E’    
Reference to General Conditions of Contract:    New edition titled “General Conditions of Contract 

for CPWD works 2014” having amendments issued 
upto date of submission of tender and further read 
with correction slips issued upto the last date of 
uploading the tender. 

  

1.1     Name of Work: -      C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at  
       Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, New Delhi. (SH:  
       CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w:  
       Providing and fixing additional switches &  
       accessories for Local Area Network). 
 
1.2        Estimated Cost of work: -         Rs. 62,86,928/- 
 
1.3        Earnest Money: -   Rs. 1,25,739/-      
   
1.4        Performance Guarantee  5% of tendered value 
        
1.5        Security Deposit    2.5% of tendered value 
  
1.6   Time Allowed:    60 Days 
 
 



22 
SCHEDULE ‘F’:- 
 
General Rules & Directions:- 
 
Officer Inviting Tender: - Executive Engineer (E), OPED, PWD  
 Western Yamuna Bank, Lok Nayak Setu, I.P. Estate, 

New Delhi 
Maximum percentage for quantity of items 
of work to be executed beyond which rates 
are to be determined in accordance with 
Clauses 12.2 & 12.3 5 See below 
 
Definitions:- 
 
2(v) Engineer-In-Charge Executive Engineer (E), OPED, PWD, Delhi 
 
2(viii)   Accepting Authority CPM(OP), PWD(GNCTD). 
 
2(x)  Percentage on cost of  
materials and labour to 
cover all overheads and  
profits 15% 
 

2(xi)  Standard Schedule of Rates DSR(E&M)2016 with upto date correction slips   
    
2(xii)  Department Public Works Department, New Delhi  

 
9(ii) Standard CPWD contract form GCC2014:  CPWD form 7(2014 Edition) as modified and  
       corrected upto last date of uploading the bid.  
Clause-1:-  
(i)    Time allowed for submission of  

performance guarantee after date    10days  
of issue of letter of acceptance       

 
(ii) Maximum allowable extension with late fee 

@ 0.1% per day of performance Guarantee  
Amount beyond the period in (1) above.   3 days 

 
Clause-2:- I.    Authority for fixing compensation    CPM/OP/PWD 

             under clause-2.   13
th

 Floor, MSO Building, Delhi. 
    
      II.    Whether clause-2A shall be    Not applicable  

   applicable.  
  
Clause-5:- Number of days from the date of issue  

      of letter of acceptance for reckoning date of start -10 days   
 

TABLE OF MILE STONE 
 

Sr. 
No. 

Description of Milestone (Physical) 
Time Allowed in Days 

(from date of start) 

Amount to be with-
held in case of non 

achievement of 
mile stone. 

  
Not Applicable 

 



23 
Authority to decide: 
 
(i)  Authority to give fair & reasonable extension 
      of time for completion of time     : EE(E)/OPED, PWD, New Delhi. 
 

(iii) Reschedule of Mile Stones     : EE(E)/OPED, PWD, New, Delhi.  
 
Clause-6,6A:-     
   
Clause Applicable-(6 or 6A)     :        6A, Applicable 
           
Clause-7: Gross work to be done together   
  with net payment / adjustment of   

advances for material collected,  
if any, since the last such payment 
for being eligible to interim payment           : On Quarterly Basis   

 
Clause-10-A List of Testing Equipment to be  

provided by the contractor at site Lab  : All equipments as per  
  requirement for successful  

         completion of work at site. 
Clause-10-B (ii). 
 Whether clause 10-B (ii) shall be    

applicable     : Not Applicable 
 

Clause 10 C Component of Labour expressed 
  as percent of value of work   : 30% 
 
“Clause 10 CA 

Materials covered under this clause     : N.A. 
 
Clause-10-CC:-   

Clause 10CC to be applicable in  . 
18 months contracts with stipulated   : N.A. 
period of  completion exceeding the  
period.  

 
Clause-11:- Specifications to be followed for   : C.P.W.D. General Specifications  

Execution of work    for Electrical works (Elect. Part-I, 
2013 Internal, Part-II -1994) and 
amended up to date.                                                                                                                                              

Clause-12:-          
 
Type of work ***_      : Maintenance work  

12.2 & 12.3       Deviation limit beyond which  

  clause 12.2 & 12.3 shall apply    : 30% 

  for electrical work 

 

12.5   (i) Deviation limit beyond which  

  clause 12.2 & 12.3 shall apply    : NA 

  for foundation works (except earth work). 

  (ii) Deviation limit for items in earthwork  

  sub-head of DSR-2016 or related items.  : NA 

 



24 
 

Clause-16:-  Competent Authority for   

  deciding reduced rates.    CPM (OP), PWD (GNCTD). 

 

Clause-18 List of mandatory M/c, tools   T&P as required for completion of work. 

Clause-25  

 

Constitution of dispute redressal committee:   a)  For total claims more than 25 lakh. 

 

Chairman:       i. CPM (Housing) PWD, New Delhi. 

           (Chairman) 

       ii. Director Works, in O/o E-in-C, PWD,  

       New Delhi. 

       iii. SE(Projects)PWD, New Delhi. 

       iv. CPM(OP) in charge of the work shall  

       present case before DRC but shall not have  

       any part in decision making. 

 

Member   :        b) For total claims uptoRs. 25.00 lakh. 

 

        i. PM Health, PWD, New Delhi. (Chairman) 

ii. Dy. Director Works, O/o E-in-C, PWD, New 

Delhi. 

iii. Dy. Director (Monitoring-1), O/o E-in-C, 

PWD, New Delhi. 

iv. The Executive Engineer (E),OPED in-charge 

of the work shall present the case before DRC 

but will not have any part in decision making.  

 

Note: The above constitution of dispute redressal committee is subject to change, for which necessary 

notification shall be issued by the competent authority of the department, if required.   

Clause-36 :“Requirement of Technical Representative (s) and Recovery Rates” 

 

 

 S. 
No. 

Minimum 
Qualification 
for Technical 
Representati
ve 

Discipline Designation 
(Principal 
Technical/ 
Technical 
Representative 

Minimum 
Experience 

Nos. Rate at which recovery 
shall be made from 
contractor in the event of 
non-deployment.  

Figures Words 

1. Graduate 
Engineer   
 
 
Diploma 
Engineer 

Electrical Technical 
Representative 
 
OR 
 

 
2 YEAR 
 
 
 
5 YEAR 

 
1 No. 
 
 
 
1No 

 
Rs.15000/
-per 
month 
 
 
 

Rs. 
Fifteen 

Thousand 
only per 
month. 



25 
 
 
 
 

Form of Earnest Money Deposit 
Bank Guarantee Bond 

 
WHEREAS, contractor.................. (Name of contractor) (hereinafter called "the contractor") has 
submitted his tender dated ............. (date) for the construction of .............................................. (name of 
work) (hereinafter called "the Tender") 
KNOW ALL PEOPLE by these presents that we ......................................... (name of bank) having our 
registered office at ................................... (hereinafter called "the Bank") are bound unto 
................................................... 
(Name and division of Executive Engineer) (hereinafter called "the Engineer-in-Charge") in the sum of 
Rs. .........................(Rs. in words .................................................) for which payment well and truly to be 
made to the said Engineer-in-Charge the Bank binds itself, his successors and assigns by these 
presents. 
SEALED with the Common Seal of the said Bank this ................. day of ................. 20... . THE 
CONDITIONS of this obligation are: 
(1)  If after tender opening the Contractor withdraws, his tender during the period of validity of 

tender (including extended validity of tender) specified in the Form of Tender; 
(2) If the contractor having been notified of the acceptance of his tender by the Engineer-in-Charge: 

(a) fails or refuses to execute the Form of Agreement in accordance with the Instructions to 
contractor, if required; 

                                                      OR 
(b) fails or refuses to furnish the Performance Guarantee, in accordance with the provisions 

of tender document and Instructions to contractor, 
We undertake to pay to the Engineer-in-Charge either up to the above amount or part 
thereof upon receipt of his first written demand, without the Engineer-in-Charge having 
to substantiates his demand, provided that in his demand the Engineer-in-Charge will 
note that the amount claimed by his is due to him owing to the occurrence of one or any 
of the above conditions, specifying the occurred condition or conditions. 
 

This Guarantee will remain in force up to and including the date* ............. after the deadline for 
submission of tender as such deadline is stated in the Instructions to contractor or as it may be 
extended by the Engineer-in- Charge, notice of which extension(s) to the Bank is hereby waived. Any 
demand in respect of this Guarantee should reach the Bank not later than the above date. 
 
 
DATE ............. SIGNATURE OF THE BANK 
WITNESS .................. SEAL 
(SIGNATURE, NAME AND ADDRESS) 
*Date to be worked out on the basis of validity period of 6 months from last date of receipt of tender. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



26 
 
 
 
 

FORM OF PERFORMANCE SECURITY (GUARNATEE) 
BANK GUARANTEE BOND 

 

1 In consideration of the President of India (hereinafter called the "the Government") having 
offered to accept the terms and conditions of the proposed agreement between 
………………………………….. and …………………………………………………. (hereinafter 
called the said contractor(s))  for the work …………………………………………………………… 
…………………………………………………………………. (hereafter called “the said 
agreement”) having agreed to production of a irrevocable Bank Guarantee for 
Rs…………………. (Rupees ………………………………………………………) as a security / 
guarantee from the contractor(s) for compliance of his obligations in accordance with the terms 
and conditions in the said agreement.   
 
We …………...………………………………….. (hereinafter referred to as “the Bank”) hereby  
(indicate the name of the Bank)  
undertake to pay to the Government an amount not exceeding Rs………………… (Rupees 
…………………………………..….. only) on demand by the Government.   

 
2. We …………...………………………………….. (hereinafter referred to as “the Bank”) hereby  

(indicate the name of the Bank)  
and payable under this Guarantee without any demure, merely on a demand from the 
Government stating that the amount claimed is required to meet the recoveries due or likely to 
be due from the said contractor(s).  Any such demand made on the Bank shall be conclusive as 
regards the amount due and payable by the bank under this Guarantee.  However, our liability 
under this guarantee shall be restricted to an amount not exceeding Rs…………… (Rupees 
………………………………… only) 

 
3. We, the said bank further undertake to pay to the Government any money so demanded 

notwithstanding any dispute or disputes raised by the contractor(s) in any suit or proceeding 
pending before any court or Tribunal relating thereto, our liability under this present being 
absolute and unequivocal.   
The payment so made by us under this bond shall be a valid discharge of our liability for 
payment there under and the contractor(s) shall have no claim against us for making such 
payment.  

 
4. We …………...……………………………… further agree that the guarantee herein
 (indicate the name of the Bank)   

contained shall remain in full force and effect during the period that would be taken for the 
performance of the said agreement and that it shall continue to be enforceable till all the dues of 
the Government under or by virtue of the said agreement have been fully paid and its claims 
satisfied or discharged or till Engineer-in-charge on behalf of the government certified that the 
terms and conditions of the said agreement have been fully and properly carried out by the said 
contractor(s)  and accordingly discharges this guarantee.  

 
5. We ……………………………………………… further agree with the Government that (indicate 

the name of the Bank)  
the Government shall have the fullest liberty without our consent and without effecting in any 
manner our obligations hereunder to vary any of the terms and conditions of the said agreement 
or to extend time of performance by the said contractor(s) from time to time or to postpone for 



27 
any time or from time to time any of the powers exercise able by the Government against the 
said contractor(s) and to forbear or enforce any of the terms and conditions relating to the said 
agreement shall not be relieved from our liability by reason of any such variation, or extension 
being granted to the said contractor(s) or for any forbearance, act of omission on that part of the 
Government or any indulgence by the Government to the said contractor(s) or by any such 
matter or thing whatsoever which under the law relating to sureties would, but for this provision, 
have effect of so relieving us. 

6 This guarantee will not be discharged due to the change in the constitution of the Bank or the 
contractor (s). 

7. We ……………………………………………………lastly undertake not to revoke this  (indicate 
the name of the Bank)guarantee except with the previous consent of the Government in writing. 

 
8. This guarantee shall be valid upto ………………………………………. unless extended on 

demand by Government.  Notwithstanding anything mentioned above, our liability against this 
Guarantee is restricted to Rs……………………… (Rupees ……………………………… only) and 
unless a claim in writing is lodged with us within six months of the date of expiry or the extended 
date of expiry of this guarantee, all our liabilities under this Guarantee, shall stand discharged. 

The _______________________ date of ____________________ 
For________________________________________(indicate the name of Bank) 

 
 
 



28 
 

A F F I D A V I T 

 
 
 
 I/ We have submitted a bank guarantee for the work _____________ 

___________________________________________________________________________ 

(Name of work) 

Agreement No._______________________ dated _______________ from _______________ 

      (Name of the Bank with full address) 

to the Executive Engineer ________________________________________ with a view to seek 

exemption from payment of performance guarantee in cash.  This bank guarantee expires on 

____________________________________. I/We undertake to keep the validity of the bank 

guarantee intact by getting it extended from time to time at my/our initiative upto a period of 

_____________________ months after the recorded date of completion of the work or as directed by 

the Engineer-in-Charge. 

 

 I/We also indemnify the Government against any losses arising out of non-encashment of the 

bank guarantee, if any. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



29 
Schedule of Work 

N/w:-  C/o of New Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, New Delhi. (SH: 
CCTV and Access Control System). (S/w: Providing and fixing additional switches & 
accessories for Local Area Network). 
 

Item 
No. Description 

 
Qty 

  
Rate Unit Amount 

1 Supply, Installation, Testing and 
Commissioning of POE+ Enabled Layer 2 
Manageable network switch with 
24x10/100/1000 Base T Copper Port, 
4x1000 Base-X Ports upgradable to 10 G 
(4x1000 Base X ports are Combo Shared 
with 4x 10/100/1000 Base- T ports) 
populates  with 2xSM fiber Module plus 
additional dedicated stacking Ports with 
stacking bandwidth of 40Gbps RFC 
3629/G.8032 supports for 50 mili second 
failover. It should support BFD (By 
directional forwarding) & support network 
analytics or more as required as per 
technical specification. 
(Make:- Cisco / Extreme / Juniper). 36 Nos 150358.00 Nos 5412888.00 

2 Supply, Installation, Testing and 
Commissioning of Layer 3 manageable 
network switch with 24 port 10/1000/1000 
base T Copper port plus 4x100/1000 Base 
X populated with SM fiber Module plus 
4x1G/10G SPF+ ports from day one. The 
switch should have support for additional 2 
Nos of 40 G QSFP+ Ports (other than ports 
mentioned above) by adding necessary 
hardware. The switch should support 
1G/10G from day one, should support 
160Gbps stacking, RFC 3629/G.8032 
support for 50 milli second failover. It 
should support BFD and minimum 64 VRF 
should be equipped with dual field 
replaceable internal redundant AC PSU, as 
required as per technical specification.  
(Make: Cisco / Extreme /Juniper).  2 Nos 374020.00 Nos 748040.00 

3 Supply, Installation, Testing and 
Commissioning of 6 core single mode 
armoured fiber cable in the existing 
surface/ recessed steel conduit/ HDPE 
pipe as required as per technical 
specification. 
(Approved make:- Schneider / Systimax/ 
Siemens /Molex / Legrand). 1500 Mtrs  61.00 Mtr 91500.00 



30 
4 Supplying & Drawing 4 pair UTP CAT 6 A 

cable in the existing surface/ recessed 
steel conduit/ HDPE pipe as required as 
per technical specification. 
(Approved Make:- Molex /Schnider/ 
Systimax / Siemens / Legrand). 

500 Mtrs  69.00 Mtr  34500.00 

     
Total  6286928.00 

 

 
 

 
Assistant Engineer (E)P 
OPED, PWD (GNCTD),      

New Delhi 

 
Executive Engineer(E), 
OPED, PWD, (GNCTD), 

    New Delhi 
 
 
 

Assistant Engineer (E)P 
O/o CPM(OP), PWD (GNCTD),      

New Delhi 

Executive Engineer(P), 
O/o CPM(OP), PWD, (GNCTD), 

    New Delhi 
 
 
 
 

 

Chief Project Manager  
Other Projects, PWD, New Delhi 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 



31 

COMMERCIAL AND ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS 

1.0 GENERAL 

1.1 The work is required to be carried out as per Specifications. The CCTV system and allied 
equipments specification covers supply, testing as may be necessary before dispatch, delivery 
at site, all preparatory work, assembly and installation, commissioning putting into operation of 
CCTV system and allied equipments consisting of cameras & equipments.  
 

1.2 Location:  New Delhi District Court Complex at Rouse Avenue, DDU Marg, New Delhi. 
 

 

1.3 The work shall be executed as per CPWD General Specifications for electrical Works Part-I, II & 
IV as amended up to date, relevant I.E. Rules, BIS and as per directions of Engineer-in-Charge. 
These additional specifications/ conditions are to be read in conjunction with above and in case 
of variations, specifications given in these additional conditions shall apply. However, nothing 
extra shall be paid on account of these additional specifications and conditions, as the same are 
to be read along with schedule of quantities for the work. 

1.4 The tenderer should in his own interest visit the site and get familiarize with the site conditions 
before tendering. 

1.5 No T&P shall be issued by the Department and nothing extra shall be paid on account of this. 
 

2.0 COMMERCIAL CONDITIONS 

2.1 Type of Contract: The work to be awarded by this tender shall be treated as indivisible works 
contract. 

 

2.2 Submission and opening of tenders: 
The tenderers are advised not to deviate from the technical specifications/ items, commercial 

terms and conditions of NIT like terms of payment, guarantee, arbitration clause, escalation etc. 

2.3 Submission and opening of tenders: 
 

2.3.1 The tenderers are advised not to deviate from the technical specifications/ items, commercial 
terms and conditions of NIT like terms of payment, guarantee, arbitration clause, escalation etc. 
 

2.3.2 Tenders (Price Bid) only shall be opened on the due date and time in the presence of tenderers 
or their authorized representatives who wish to remain present. 

 
2.3.3 Necessary clarifications required by the department shall have to be furnished by the tenderer 

within the time given by the department for the same. The tenderer will have to depute his 
representative to discuss with the officer(s) of the department as and when so desired. In case, 
in the opinion of the department a tenderer is taking undue long time in furnishing the desired 
clarifications, his bid will be rejected without making any reference. 

 
2.3.4 The department reserves the right to reject any or all the price bids and call for fresh prices/ 

tenderers as the case may be without assigning any reason. 
 
3.0 TERMS OF PAYMENTS 

 
The following percentage of contract rates for the various items included in the contract shall be 

payable against the stage of work shown herein. 

3.1 60% after initial inspection and delivery at site in good condition on pro-rata basis. 



32 
3.2 20% after completion of installation in all respects. 

3.3 Balance 20% will be paid after testing, commissioning getting it satisfactorily inspected from 
Local authority & receipt of approval, handing over to the department for beneficial use.  

 

3.4 PERFORMANCE GUARANTEE 
The successful tenderer shall submit an irrevocable performance guarantee of 5% of the 

tenderer amount in addition to other deposits mentioned elsewhere in the contract for his proper 

performance of the contract agreement within 10 days of issued of letter of acceptance of 

tender, expendable up to 5 days. This guarantee shall be in the form of Demand Draft/ Pay 

Order or irrevocable bank guarantee bond of any scheduled bank or the State Bank of India in 

the specified format or in the form of Government security, fixed deposit receipt pledged in 

favour of Executive Engineer or as specified in the letter of acceptance of tender. The 

performance guarantee shall be initially valid up to the stipulated date of completion plus 60 

days beyond. This bank guarantee shall be kept valid till the recording of completion certificate 

for the work by the competent authority. 

3.5 Income Tax, GST, labour cess & other statutory deductions etc. shall be made at source as per 
the prevalent laws. The deductions of Security Deposit, Income Tax, GST etc. shall be done 
after calculation of the above due payments as per clauses 3.1 to 3.3 and net payment shall be 
reduced accordingly. 

4.0 RATES 

4.1 The rates quoted by the tenderer, shall be firm and inclusive of all taxes (including GST), duties 
levies, octroi etc. and all charges for packing forwarding, insurance, freight and loading, 
unloading, delivery, installation, testing, commissioning etc. at site including temporary 
construction of storage, risks, over head charges, general liabilities/obligations.  
 

4.2. The department will not issue Octroi exemption certificate. 

4.3. The contractor has to carry out maintenance as per manufacturer’s standards for a period of 12 

months from the date of handing over. Nothing extra shall be paid on this account. 

5.0 COMPLETENESS OF TENDER 

All sundry equipment, fittings, unit assemblies, accessories, hardware items, foundation bolts, 

termination lugs for electrical connections, and all other items which are useful and necessary 

for efficient assembly and installation of equipment and components of the work shall be 

deemed to have been included in the tender irrespective of the fact whether such items are 

specifically mentioned in the tender documents or not. 

6.0 STORAGE AND CUSTODY OF MATERIALS 

Any room if available may be used for storage of sundry materials and erection equipments or 

else the agency has to make his own arrangements. No separate storage accommodation shall 

be provided by the department. Watch and ward of the stores and their safe custody shall be 

the responsibility of the contractor till the final taking over of the installation by the department. 

7.0 CARE OF THE BUILDING 

Care shall be taken by the contractor while handling and installing the various equipments and 

components of the work to avoid damage to the building. He shall be responsible for repairing 



33 
all damages and restoring the same to their original finish at his cost. He shall also remove at 

his cost all unwanted and waste materials arising out of the installation from the site of work. 

8.0 COMPLETION PERIOD 

The completion period indicated in the tender documents is for the entire work of planning, 

designing, approval of drawings etc., arrangement of materials & equipments, delivery at site 

including transportation, installation, testing, commissioning and handing over of the entire 

system and getting clearance from authority to the satisfaction of the Engineer-in-Charge. 

9.0 GUARANTEE 

9.1 All equipments shall be guaranteed for a period of 5 years, from the date of taking over the 
installation against unsatisfactory performance and/ or break down due to defective design, 
workmanship or material. The equipments or components, or any part thereof, so found 
defective during guarantee period shall be forthwith repaired or replaced free of cost, to the 
satisfaction of the Engineer-in-Charge. In case it is felt by the department that undue delay is 
being caused by the contractor in doing this, the same will be got done by the department at the 
risk and cost of the contractor. The decision of the Engineer-in-Charge in this regard shall be 
final & binding on the contractor. 

9.2 The tender shall guarantee among other things, the following: 
 

a) Quality, strength and performance of the materials used as per manufacturers standards. 
b) Safe mechanical and electrical stress on all parts under all specified conditions of operation. 
c) Satisfactory operation during the maintenance period. 
 

10.0 POWER SUPPLY: 

A temporary three phase power supply of 15KW shall be provided during execution of work, at 

single point inside the campus. Further arrangements for tapping power connection from this 

point shall be made by the contractor. Electricity shall be provided free of cost. 

11.0 WATER SUPPLY: 

Water supply shall be made available by the department at one point in Campus free of cost. 

12.0 ACCEPTABLE MAKES OF VARIOUS EQUIPMENTS: 

The acceptable makes of various equipments/components/accessories have been indicated in 

“Acceptable Makes” The tenderer shall work out the cost of the offer on this basis. Alternate 

makes are not acceptable. 

13.0 DATA MANUAL AND DRAWINGS TO BE FURNISHED BY THE TENDERER: 

13.1 After award of work 
The successful tenderer would be required to submit the following drawings within 15 days of 

award of work for approval before commencement of installation. 

a) General arrangement drawing of the equipments for LAN System.  
 

b) Any other drawings necessary for the job. 
 



34 
14.0 The successful tenderer should furnish well in advance three copies of detailed instructions and 

manuals of manufacturers for all items of equipments regarding installation, adjustments 

operation and maintenance including preventive maintenance & trouble shooting together with 

all the relevant data sheets, spare parts catalogue etc. all in triplicate. 

15.0 EXTENT OF WORK 

15.1 The work shall comprise of entire labour including supervision and all materials necessary to 
make a complete installation and such tests and adjustments and commissioning, as may be 
required by the department. The term complete installation shall not only mean major items of 
the plant and equipments covered by specifications but all incidental sundry components 
necessary for complete execution and satisfactory performance of installation with all layout 
charts whether or not those have been mentioned in details in the tender document in 
connection with this contract as this is a turnkey job. 

15.2 The Scope of Work shall include Providing and fixing additional switches & accessories for 
Local Area Network 

 

15.3 In addition to supply, installation, testing and commissioning of LAN System and allied 
equipments, following works shall be deemed to be included within the scope of work to be 
executed by the tenderer as this is a turnkey job. 

a) Minor building works necessary for installation of equipments, foundation, making of opening 
in walls or in floors and restoring them to their original condition/ finish and necessary grouting 
etc. as required. 

b) All supports for over-head cables etc. as are necessary. 
 

16.0 Exclusion and work to be done by other agencies: 

 The following shall be excluded from the scope of the work. 

a)  Major dismantling of any existing building work. 
b)  Electricity supply in building for erection purpose. 

 

17.0 INSPECTION AND TESTING 

17.1 All major equipments i.e. Dome Camera, Bullet Camera etc. shall be offered for initial inspection 
at manufacturers works. The contractor will intimate the date of testing of equipments at the 
manufacturer’s works before dispatch. The successful tenderer shall give advance notice of 
minimum two weeks regarding the dates proposed for such tests to the department’s 
representative to facilitate his presence during testing. The Engineer-in-Charge may witness 
such testing. The cost of the Engineer’s visit to the factory will be borne by the department. 
Equipments will be inspected at the manufacturer/ Authorized Dealers premises, before 
dispatch to the site by the contractor if so desired by the Engineer-in-Charge. 

 

17.2 Copies of all documents of routine and type test certificates of the equipment, carried out at the 
manufacturers premises shall be furnished to the Engineer-in-Charge and consignee. 

17.3 After completion of the work in all respect the contract shall offer the installation for testing and 
operation. 

18.0 VALIDITY 

Tenders shall be valid for acceptance for a period of 60 days from the date of opening of price 

bid. 

19.0 COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATIONS AND INDIAN STANDARDS: 



35 
19.1 All works shall be carried out in accordance with relevant regulation, both statutory and those 

specified by the Indian Standards related to the works covered by this specification. In 
particular, the equipment and installation will comply with the following:- 
i) Factories Act. 
ii) Indian Electricity Rules. 
iii) B.I.S. & other standards as applicable. 
iv) Workmen’s compensation Act. 
v) Statutory norms prescribed by local bodies like CEA, Power Supply Co., etc. 

19.2 Nothing in this specification shall be construed to relieve the successful tenderer of his 
responsibility for the design, manufacture and installation of the equipment with all accessories 
in accordance with currently applicable statutory regulations and safety codes. 
 

19.3 Successful tenderer shall arrange for compliance with statutory provisions of safety regulations 
and departmental requirements of safety codes in respect of labour employed on the work by 
the tenderer. Failure to provide such safety requirement would make the tenderer liable for 
penalty as per rules for each default. In addition, the department will be at liberty to make 
arrangement for the safety requirements at the cost of tenderer and recover the cost thereof 
from him. 

 
20.0 INDEMNITY: 

The successful tenderer shall at all times indemnify the department, consequent on this works 
contract. The successful tenderer shall be liable, in accordance with the Indian Law and 
Regulations for any accident occurring due to any cause and the contractor shall be responsible 
for any accident or damage incurred or claims arising there from during the period of erection, 
construction and putting into operation the equipments and ancillary equipment under the 
supervision of the successful tenderer in so far as the latter is responsible. The successful 
tenderer shall also provide all insurance including third party insurance as may be necessary to 
cover the risk. No extra payment would be made to the successful tenderer on account of the 
above. 

21.0 ERECTION TOOLS: 

No tools and tackles either for unloading or for shifting the equipments for erection purposes 
would be made available by the department. The successful tenderer shall make his own 
arrangement for all these facilities. 

22.0 COOPERATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES: 

The successful tenderer shall co-ordinate with other contractors and agencies engaged in the 
construction of buildings, if any, and exchange freely all technical information so as to make the 
execution of this work/ contract smooth. No remuneration should be claimed from the 
department for such technical cooperation. If any unreasonable hindrance is caused to other 
agencies and any completed portion of the work has to be dismantled and re-done for want of 
cooperation and coordination by the tenderer during the course of work, such expenditure 
incurred will be recovered from the successful tenderer if the restoration work to the original 
condition or specification of the dismantled portion of the work was not undertaken by the 
tenderer himself. 

23.0 The work will be carried out with least disturbance during shifting & shut down taken in 

consultation with the client department. 

24.0 MOBILIZATION ADVANCE: 

No mobilization advance shall be paid for this work. 



36 
25.0 INSURANCE AND STORAGE: 

All consignments are to be duly insured upto the destination from warehouse at the cost of the 

contractor. The insurance covers shall be valid till the equipment is handed over duly installed, 

tested and commissioned. 

26.0 VERIFICATION OF CORRECTNESS OF EQUIPMENT AT DESTINATION: 

The contractor shall have to produce all the relevant records to certify that the genuine 

equipments from the manufacturers has been supplied and erected. 

27.0 PAINTING: 

This shall include cost of painting of the entire installation. The agency shall be required to do 

only touching to the damages caused to the painting during transportation, handling & 

installation at site, if there is no major damage to the painting. However hangers, supports etc. 

of bus trunking & cable tray etc. shall be painted with required shade including painting with two 

coats of anticorrosive primer paint at site. 

28.0 TRAINING: 

The scope of works includes the on job technical training of two persons of Department at site. 

Nothing extra shall be payable on this account. 

29.0 MAINTENANCE: 

29.1 Sufficient trained and experienced staff shall be made available to meet any exigency of work 
during the guarantee period of one year from the handing over of the installation. The 
requirement of trained and experienced staff is on specific complaint only during the guarantee 
period. The complaint shall be attended on priority within 24 hours, failing which a recovery of 
Rs. 2500/- per default shall be made from their bill/amount of security deposit.  

29.2 The maintenance, routine as well as preventive, for one year from the date of taking 
over/guarantee period of the installation as per manufacturers recommendation shall be carried 
out on quarterly basis. Nothing extra shall be paid on this account.   

30.0 INTERPRETING SPECIFICATIONS: 

In interpreting the specifications, the following order of decreasing importance shall be followed 

in case of contradictions:- 

a) Schedule of quantities 

b) Technical specifications 

c) Drawing (if any) 

d) General specifications 

e) Relevant BIS or other international code in case BIS code is not available. 

 
 
 

Executive Engineer (E), 
OPED, PWD, (GNCTD), 

New Delhi 



37 

Additional Conditions 

 

1. The work shall be carried out as per CPWD specifications and as per instruction of Engineer-in-charge at 

site. 

2. No T&P shall be issued to the contractor by the department. 

3. The rates quoted shall be inclusive of all taxes & duties. 

4. Nothing extra shall be paid for idle labour. 

5. The I.D. of labour is required for carry out the work, since the work is to be carry out inside the Jail . 

6. The payment shall be made only after satisfactory completion of work. 

7. The work is to be carried out in this security Area, hence nothing extra shall be paid on account of 

wastage of labour. 

8. All safety measures shall be taken during loading/unloading execution of work. 

9. All material shall be got approved first from the Engineer-in-charge before use at work. 

 

 

Executive Engineer (E), 
OPED, PWD, (GNCTD), 

New Delhi 



38 
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS 

 

Item No. 1 
 
Layer 2 Fully Manageable Switch 24 Port Gigabit POE+ with 4 Giga Combo & 4 SFP Fiber uplink 
Ports 

SN  

1 

Architecture 

Switch should support stacking up to 8 switches or more with stacking bandwidth of 40Gb/s 
per switch.  
Should support internal/ external redundant PSU 

The switch should have 24 x 10/100/1000Base-T POE+ ports with 4 x 1000 Base Combo & 4 x 
1000 Base-x SFP ports. 
Switch should support 100 Base-FX (2KM), 1000 Base-Sx/Lx & Zx and 10G Base-T, SR/LR/ER & 
ZR Transceivers 
The switch should be upgraded to 4 x  10G SFP+ ports in future without changing the base 
hardware. Should support min 2 x Stacking port with min 40 Gbps stacking bandwidth.                                                                                                   
Stacking mechanism could be achieved over a diversified location as minimum 800 Meters . 

Switch should have dedicated 1 x 10/100/1000 BaseT port for Out of band Management port. 

Switch should have 1GB RAM & 4 GB Flash memory  

Switch should have 1.5 Mb or more packet buffer on all ports for better performance 

Switch should have min. power budget of 380W for POE ports 

  Performance & Scalability 

2 

Switch should have switching fabric performance of minimum 128Gbps switch fabric. 

Switch should have forwarding rate of 92 Mpps 

Switch should have 16K MAC entries table 

Should have 8 Hardware QOS Queues per port 

Switch OS should support individual process (eg ssh , snmp, telnet, dhcp etc) restart to prevent 
reboot in case of Software Process Crash by running processes on top of Kernel. 

3 

Layer 2 Features 

Switch should have IEEE 802.1Q VLANs and trunks. 

Switch should have IEEE 802.1ak MVR,Vlan Trunking Protocol (VTP) OR equivalent for dynamic 
vlan creation 

Switch should have IEEE 802.1AB Link Layer Discovery Protocol LLDP 

Switch should have Routing Information Protocol Version 2 (RIPv2) and RIPng from day 1  

Switch should have Policy-based routing (PBR) for IPv4 and IPv6.                                                                                                                                  
Should have traffic rate limiting with Configurable bandwidth granularity of 8 KBps 

Switch should be upgradeable to Open Shortest Path First (OSPF) and VRRP.                                                                                                           
Should support less than 50 Millisecond convergance for ring based architecture based on RFC 
3619/REP/ERPS/G.8032 etc.   

4 

Network-based availability & Security Features: 

Switch should have Port, vlan, IPv4, IPv6, and time based Access Control Lists for both 
directions 
Switch should support creation of minimum 1000 number of Access Control Lists on each Port, 
vlan, IPv4 & IPv6. 



39 
Switch should have Ethernet OAM : IEEE 802.1ag Layer 2 Ping & trace route, Multicast trace 
route, Should support AVB to ensure set of standards that provide the means for highly reliable 
delivery of low- latency,  time-synchronized  AV  streaming  services  through  Layer  2 Ethernet 
networks, should have SSH-2, SCP, SFTP for secure management , 
Should have MAC security – Lockdown & Limit and MAC address tracking with syslog & snmp 
notification ,Multicast traceroute.  
Should have scheduled archiving / uploading of configuration and system log to a central server 

5 
Energy Efficiency 

Switch should have variable fan speed control for the energy efficiency . 

6 

Automation, Serviceability and Manageability 

Switch should have Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP): complying with SNMPv1, 
v2c, and v3 with comprehensive collection of MIBs., The switch should have mechanism for 
variable fan speed, Should be SDN capable with Openstack support and Open Flow API  support, 
Should support IEEE P802.1Qaz 

Should  support  Embedded  event  manager  or  equivalent  scripting system that can detect 
network events and automatically take action, such as executing commands or sending an 
Syslog event / Snmp trap. 

Switch should be SDN capable with Open flow support 

Switch should support IEEE 802.3az energy saving. 

7 

Environmental Condition 

Switch  should  have  Operating  temperature:  32  to  122°F  (0°C  to 50°C). 

Switch should have Operational relative humidity: 10 to 90%, non- condensing. 

8 

Standard & Certification 

Switch should have Environmental Compliance ETSI EN 300 ,WEEE, CSA 22.2, UL 60950-1,FCC 
and CE2.0 Compliant 

Switch/ Switch's OS shall be EAL3/NDPP/Common Criteria Certified 

 

Item No. 2 
 
Layer 3 Manageable Switch 24 Port Gigabit with 4 SFP+ Fiber uplink Ports & 2 x 40G QSFP+ Ports 
 

SN 
 

1 

Architecture 

Switch should support stacking up to 8 switches or more with stacking bandwidth of 160Gb/s 
per switch.  

Should support dual internal hotswappable redundant PSU 

The switch should have 24 x 10/100/1000Base T ports (4 Combo) with 4 x SFP+ ports . 
Switch should support 100 Base-FX (2KM), 1000 Base-Sx/Lx & Zx and 10G Base-T, SR/LR/ER & 
ZR Transceivers 

Should be scalable to min 2x QSFP+ ports.                                                                                                                
Stacking mechanism could be achieved over a diversified location as minimum 800 Meters 

Switch should have dedicated 1 x 10/100/1000 BaseT port for Out of band Management port. 
Switch should have 1GB RAM & 4 GB Flash memory  

Switch should have 4 Mb or more packet buffer on all ports for better performance 
 
 
 



40 

2 

Performance & Scalability 

Switch should have switching fabric performance of minimum 296Gbps switch fabric. 

Switch should have forwarding rate of 220 Mpps 

Switch should have 90K MAC entries table. 

Should have 8 Hardware QOS Queues per port 

Switch OS should support individual process (eg ssh , snmp, telnet, dhcp etc) restart to prevent 
reboot in case of Software Process Crash by running processes on top of Kernel. 

3 

Layer 2 Features 

Switch should have IEEE 802.1Q VLANs and trunks. 

Switch should have IEEE 802.1ak MVR,Vlan Trunking Protocol (VTP) or equivalent  

Switch should have IEEE 802.1AB Link Layer Discovery Protocol LLDP 

Should have traffic rate limiting with Configurable bandwidth granularity of 8 KBps 

Switch should support IEEE 802.1Qbb, Data Center Bridging Exchange (DCBX) 

Switch should support Y.1731 OAM Measurements in hardware for accuracy 

Switch should support SyncE G.8232 and IEEE 1588 PTP timing 

Should support less than 50 Millisecond convergance for ring based architecture based on RFC 
3619/REP/ERPS/G.8032 etc 

Switch should have Ethernet OAM : IEEE 802.1ag Layer 2 Ping & traceroute, 

  Layer 3 & Security Features 

4 

Switch should have Port, vlan, IPv4, IPv6, and time based Access Control Lists for both 
directions 

Switch should support creation of minimum 1000 number of Access Control Lists on each Port, 
vlan, IPv4 & IPv6. 

Switch should have Policy-based routing (PBR) for IPv4 and IPv6. 

Switch should have Routing Information Protocol Version 2 (RIPv2), RIPng, VRRP and OSPF 
from day 1  

Switch should be upgradeable to have L2 & L3 MPLS.  
Switch should have Multicast traceroute for troubleshooting multicast traffic.                                                                                                             
Should support AVB to ensure set of standards that provide the means for highly reliable 
delivery of low- latency,  time-synchronized  AV  streaming  services  through  Layer  2 Ethernet 
networks 

Should have MAC security – Lockdown & Limit and MAC address tracking with syslog & snmp 
notification 

Should have scheduled archiving / uploading of configuration and system log to a central server 

5 

Energy Efficiency 

Switch should support IEEE 802.3az energy saving. 

Switch should have have variable fan speed control for the energy efficiency . 

6 

Automation, Serviceability & Manageability 

Switch should have Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP): complying with SNMPv1, 
v2c, and v3 with comprehensive collection of MIBs. 
Should have SSH-2, SCP, SFTP for secure management  
 

Should  support  Embedded  event  manager  or  equivalent  scripting system that can detect 
network events and automatically take action, such as executing commands or sending an 
Syslog event / Snmp trap. 
Should be SDN capable with Openstack support and Open Flow API  support, 
 



41 

7 

Environmental Condition 

Switch  should  have  Operating  temperature:  32  to  122°F  (0°C  to 50°C). 

Switch should have Operational relative humidity: 10 to 90%, non- condensing. 

8 

Standard & Certification 
Switch should have Environmental Compliance ETSI EN 300 ,WEEE, CSA 22.2, UL 60950-1,FCC 
and CE2.0 Compliant 

Switch/ Switch's OS shall be EAL3/NDPP/Common Criteria Certified 

 

 
 
 
 

Executive Engineer (E), 
OPED, PWD, New Delhi 


		2018-06-22T12:32:54+0530
	NCT of Delhi
	VIVEK GUPTA




