









































Microsoft Word - Tender For Digitisation_22122017.docx


  

` 

 Ref. No.: MDI/ Digitisation of Records /2017 

Date: December 23, 2017 

Kind Attn: 

Dear Sir,  

Sub:  Invitation of sealed quotations for   Digitisation  of  Records and Document 
Management System.    

Sealed Quotations are invited for Digitisation  of  Records and Document Management 
System  for MDI Gurugram, as per the specifications and scope of work and terms and 
conditions mentioned in the enclosed document. 

Quotations should be submitted in sealed envelopes duly super scribed as: 

 Technical Bid for   Digitisation of Records and Document Management System for 
MDI Gurugram.(Part – A). 

 Financial  Bid for Digitisation of Records and Document Management System for MDI  
Gurugram.(Part – B) 

 EMD  in a separate envelope  of Rs. 1,00,000 (Rupees One  Lakh  only) in form of 
Bank Demand Draft/Bank Guarantee  drawn in favor of the Management 
Development Institute Payable at Gurugram). The earnest money  deposited  shall  
be  treated  as  security  deposit  and  will  be  released  after  one month  of  
satisfactory  completion  of  job.  

 
Both the quotations should be submitted in the separate sealed envelopes. 
 
1. No quotations would be accepted by e-mail and only hard copies will be considered. 
2. Please write Subject line and Tender Reference on the Top of the envelope. 
3. All Pages of tender to be singed and stamped 
 

In order to take any query regarding the specification and terms and conditions, pre bid 
meeting   on December 27 at 3.00 p.m.   

Kindly submit your query  by  e-mail  latest  by  December 26,2017  The e-mail id is  : 
ittender@mdi.ac.in. 

If any correction after Pre-bid meeting then Addendum will be published on the MDI 
website on or after December 28,2017  

Sealed Quotations should reach On or before 15 Hrs.  of January  13, 2018.  

The quotations should be submitted in the sealed covers super scribed as addressed to:- 

Senior Systems Analyst 
Computer Centre 
MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE 
Mehrauli Road, Sukhrali 



  

` 

Gurugram - 122 007, Haryana (INDIA) 

For any Query Kindly contact: 

Mr. D.K. Ahuja 
Tel: 0124-4560327,  
e-mail : ittender@mdi.ac.in 
 

Quotations should be received before the Date & Time mentioned. 

 

 

Date :          (Signature) 
          Name of Vendor 



  

` 

Terms & Conditions are as under:  

(i) Kindly provide Profile of your Firm/Company along with the Year of establishment, 
Annual revenues for the last 3 Years. 

(ii) Vendor should be OEM or Authorized Business Partner/ Authorised service provider 
of  Document Management System and doing Digitisation  of  Records. Attached 
the relevant and valid document of OEM in support of authorisation.  

(iii) No C or D forms shall be supplied by the MDI Gurugram.  
(iv) Technical and Financial bid should be submitted on company letter head and should 

be submitted duly signed by the authorized person. 
(v) Financial Bids of only those firms will be opened, whose Technical Bids are found 

compliant/suitable after technical evaluation done by the MDI. Technical 
presentation from the vendors may also be required as part of   Technical evaluation.   

(vi) The Equipments will be supplied and installed at MDI Campus, Gurugram , nothing 
extra shall be paid towards the cartage, packing, forwarding, octori etc. 

(vii) No other charges shall be paid for Installation of Equipments at the site. 
(viii) No request for advance payment towards supply of Equipments shall be entertained 

by the MDI, Gurugram 
(ix) The quoted price shall be valid for at least 6 months. Institute will not entertain any 

request in respect of escalation of price due to any reason whatsoever. 
(x) All the Equipments should be installed at the MDI Gurugram. 
(xi) In case any item is found to be defective /substandard, the same shall be rejected. 

Institute shall not make any payment for such items and shall be removed from the 
site immediately. 

(xii) The quantities indicated in the Annexure are approximate only. The quantities may 
vary at the time of order OR Part order may be placed OR totally deleted. Payment 
shall be made on the actual quantity of Equipments supplied at site. 

(xiii) MDI reserve the right to accept or reject any or all the quotations without assigning 
any reason whatsoever. 

(xiv) In case the Project is not completed within the date stipulated penalty shall be 
imposed @ Rs.1,000/-  for each day  of delay subject to a maximum of Rs. 50,000/- 
(Rs. Fifty  thousand only). 

(xv) Sub contract of Project is not allowed. 
(xvi) If contract work is awarded and   not executed by the vendor then EMD amount will 

be forfeited. 
 
 
 

Date :          (Signature) 
          Name of Vendor  

  



  

` 

Technical Bid For Digitisation of Records and Document Management System for MDI 
Gurugram.    

Sr. No. Description Vendor Response 
1.  Kindly Profile of your firm/company along 

with the Year of establishment, Annual 
revenues for the last 3 Years (Kindly provide 
details & relevant documents on company 
letter head ) 
Attached the Certificate  from CA. 

Annual Revenue 
2015 2016 2017 

   
 

2.  Annual Turnover 12  Crores and above Yes / No 
3.  OEM/Authorized partner Document 

Management System Company and doing 
Digitisation  of  Records. 
  (Attached valid Certificate) 

Yes / No 

4.  Names & addresses of prestigious clients (  
Three) and at least one in large size academic 
institution and one in any other, where 
Digitisation  is done , along with the 
telephone numbers of the contact persons of 
the clients. (Attach separate sheet) 

Yes / No 

5.  Address of Office in NCR.  
Number of employees in NCR  Office 
 Technical 
 Non Technical 

 

6.  Contact details of the authorized person of 
the company. 
1. Name                : 
2. Office Tel No.   : 
3. Mobile no.        : 
4. Official  E-mail  id : 

 

7.  All work related to Digitisation  will be done 
in MDI Gurgaon  and  related equipments  
and Man power will be provided by the 
vendor and will be taken back after 
completion of Project.  

Yes / No 

 
Job Description : 

Component  Qty. 
Vendor 
Response Remarks 

Scanning (Total number of Pages 
A-4 size),  3800000 Yes / No As per actual  

Scanning (Total number of Pages 
A-3  size), 1 Yes / No As per actual 



  

` 

Scanning  of Registers( Pages size 
: 17”x14” size)   1 Yes / No As per actual 

Cleaning of file/Pages  1 Yes / No As per actual 

page numbering 3800000 As per actual 

Number of Files  15000 Yes / No As per actual 

Number of Index fields (Data 
Entry file wise) 6 Yes / No As per actual 

Number Bind Files (Unbinded and 
rebinded)  5000 Yes / No As per actual 

DMS Software  for 100 concurrent 
users . DMS Software  should 
have the features : Scanning, 
Storage, Indexing,  Retrieval, 
Access and other relevant 
features required  for Digitisation. 

Installation of Software  and   
uploading of all the Documents 
on   MDI Server.   Customization 
of DMS Software as per MDI 
requirement.  

Provide user  wise  access  of 
Digitised  Documents  and any 
other related work to Digitisation    

Kindly Attached the Technical 
Data Sheet.  

 

 

 

 

3800000 

Yes / No  

 

 

 

As per actual 

Number of Departments  20 Yes / No As per Actual 

Training during implementation 
and completion of job Yes / No 

Comprehensive Onsite Support 
after completion of project for 
one year Yes / No 

 
 
Date :          (Signature) 
          Name of Vendor 

 



  

` 

 
Financial Bid For Digitisation of Records and Document Management System for MDI  

 
Component  Qty. Unit Price Total Remarks 

Scanning (Total number of Pages A-4 
size),  

38,00,000 As per actual  

Scanning (Total number of Pages A-3  
size), 

1 As per actual 

Scanning  of Registers( Pages size : 
17”x14” size) 

1 

  

As per actual 

Cleaning of file/Pages  
1 As per actual 

page numbering 
38,00,000 As per actual 

Number of Files  
15,000 As per actual 

Number of Index fields (Data Entry file 
wise) 

6 

  

As per actual 

Number Bind Files (Unbind and rebind)  
5000 As per actual 

DMS Software  for 100 concurrent users . 
DMS Software  should have the features : 
Scanning, Storage, Indexing,  Retrieval, 
Access and other relevant features 
required  for Digitisation. 

Installation of Software  and   uploading 
of all the Documents on   MDI Server.   
Customization of DMS Software as per 
MDI requirement.  

Provide user  wise  access  of Digitised  
Documents  and any other related work 
to Digitisation . 

 

 

 

38,00,000 
Pages 

  

 

 

As per actual 

Number of Departments  20 As per actual 

Training during implementation and 
completion of job. 

Comprehensive Onsite Support after 
completion of Project for one year. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  



  

` 

All work related to Digitisation  will be 
done in MDI Gurgaon  and  related 
equipments  will be provided by the 
vendor and will be taken back after 
completion of Project. 

 

Total Cost  (Excluding Taxes.) 

 

 

  
 
Payment Terms: 

 Payment will be release monthly after completion of work in a Month and receiving 
of bill. 

 
Project Duration:    -Kindly mention the period       ______________________ 
 
 
 Date :          (Signature) 
          Name of Vendor 


