














































Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 1 

 

Tender Details 

 

Tender No:          SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 

 

Tender Date:       02/01/2017 

 

Purchase Entity:  Purchase C Group 

 

 

 

Tender Notice 

 

SPACE APPLICATIONS  CENTRE INDIAN SPACE RESEARCH ORGANISATION (DEPT. OF SPACE, GOVT. OF 

INDIA)AHMEDABAD â€“ 380 015 

 

E-PROCUREMENT PUBLIC TENDER 

 

SAC INVITES TWO PART E-PROCUREMENT BIDS FROM REPUTED AND INTERESTED VENDORS FOR 

PROCUREMENT OF SERVERS, RACK WITH PDU, KVM & CONSOL (.) THE DETAILED SCHEDULE FOR 

SUBMISSION OF TWO PART BIDS IS AVAILABLE WITH THE TENDER DOCUMENT. THE TENDER 

DOCUMENT IS AVAILABLE IN E-PROCUREMENT LINK OF ISRO (https://eprocure.isro.gov.in).  

 

VENDOR EMPANELMENT IS NOT MANDATORY FOR PUBLIC TENDER E-PROCUREMENT(.) HENCE, 

INTERESTED VENDORS, WHO HAVE NOT YET REGISTERED AS VENDORS ARE REQUESTED TO REGISTER 

THEMSELVES IN THE ABOVE LINK UNDER SAC AND DOWN LOAD THE TENDER DOCUMENT AND SUBMIT 

THE BIDS THROUGH E-PROCUREMENT MODE ONLY(.)VENDORS ARE ALSO REQUESTED TO SUBMIT BIDS 

BY POST IN TWO PART FORMAT (.) 

 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 2 

 SR. HEAD, PURCHASE & STORES 

 

 

 

 

 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 3 

 

Tender Attachments 

 

Technical Write-up/Drawings 

Attachment - I: 

IDT00434500000000000isro05401.docx 

Attachment - II: 

IDT00434500000000000isro05402.docx 

Attachment - III: 

 

Attachment - IV: 

 

Attachment - V: 

 

 

Instructions to Tenderers - Indigenous (G2) 

.: 

GOVERNMENT OF INDIADEPARTMENT OF SPACEINDIAN SPACE RESEARCH ORGANISATIONSPACE 

APPLICATIONS CENTREAHMEDABAD-380 015.TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF TENDER 1.No request for 

extension for due date for submission of tenders will be entertained. 2.Bid security (EMD) exemption for 

MSME. In case, the vendors are falling under the category of MSME, registered under NSIC and would 

like to avail exemptions, their quotations should be accompanied with necessary registration certificate 

with declaration to consider their offer. Quotation received without such declaration and valid 

registration certificate will not be considered for exemptions under Public Procurement Policy. 3.Sales 

Tax and/or other duties/levies legally leviable and intended to be claimed should be distinctly shown 

separately in the tender. 4.As a Government of India Department, this office is exempted from payment 

of Octroi and similar local levies. Tenderers shall ensure that necessary Exemption Certificates are 

obtained by them from the Purchase Officer concerned to avoid any payment of such levies. 5.a) Your 

quotation should be valid for at least 90 days from the date of opening of the tender. b) Prices are 

required to be quoted according to the units indicated in the annexed tender form. When quotations 

are given in terms of units other than those specified in the tender form, relationship between the two 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 4 

sets of units must be furnished. 6.Preference will be given to those tenders offering supplies from ready 

stocks and on the basis of FOR destination/delivery at site. 7.(a) All available technical literature, 

catalogues and other data in support of the specifications and details of the items should be furnished 

along with the offer.(b) Samples, if called for, should be submitted free of all charges by the tenderer 

and the Purchaser shall not be responsible for any loss or damage thereof due to any reason 

whatsoever. In the event of non-acceptance of tender, the tenderer will have to remove the samples at 

his own expense. (c) Approximate net and gross weight of the items offered shall be indicated in your 

offer. If dimensional details are available the same should also be indicated in your offer. (d) 

Specifications: Stores offered should strictly confirm to our specifications. Deviations, if any, should be 

clearly indicated by the tenderer in his quotation. The tenderer should also indicate the Make/Type 

number of the stores offered and provide catalogues, technical literature and samples, wherever 

necessary, along with the quotations. Test Certificates, wherever necessary, should be forwarded along 

with supplies. Wherever options have been called for in our specifications, the tenderer should address 

all such options. Wherever specifically mentioned by us, the tenderer could suggest changes to 

specifications with appropriate response for the same. 8.The Purchaser shall be under no obligation to 

accept the lowest or any tender and reserves the right of acceptance of the whole or any part of the 

tender or portions of the quantity offered and the tenderers shall supply the same at the rates quoted. 

9.Corrections, if any, must be attested. All amounts shall be indicated both in words as well as in figures. 

Where there is difference between amount quoted in words and figures, amount quoted in words shall 

prevail. 10.The tenderer should supply along with his tender, the name of his bankers as well as the 

latest Income-Tax clearance certificate duly countersigned by the Income-Tax Officer of the Circle 

concerned under the seal of his office, if required by the Purchaser. 11.The Purchaser reserves the right 

to place order on the successful tenderer for additional quantity up to 25% of the quantity offered by 

them at the rates quoted. 12.The authority of the person signing the tender, if called for, should be 

produced. 13.We are exempted from the payment of Central Excise & Custom Duties vide notifications 

issued by Govt. of India.  TERMS & CONDITIONS OF TENDER  

 

1. DEFINITIONS:  

(a) The term ‘Purchaser’ shall mean the President of India or his successors or assigns. (b) The term 

‘Contractor’ shall mean, the person, firm or company with whom or with which the order for the supply 

of stores is placed and shall be deemed to include the Contractor's successors, representative, heirs, 

executors and administrators unless excluded by the Contract. c) The term ‘Stores’ shall mean what the 

Contractor agrees to supply under the Contract as specified in the Purchase Order including erection of 

plants & machinery and subsequent testing, should such a condition is included in the Purchase Order. 

d) The term ‘Purchase Order’ shall mean the communication signed on behalf of the Purchaser by an 

Officer duly authorised intimating the acceptance on behalf of the Purchaser on the terms and 

conditions mentioned or referred to in the said communication accepting the tender or offer of the 

Contractor for supply of stores or plant, machinery or equipment or part thereof. 2. PRICES: Tender 

offering firm prices will be preferred. Where a price variation clause is insisted upon by a tenderer, 

quotation with a reasonable ceiling should be submitted. Such offers should invariably be supported by 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 5 

the base price taken into account at the time of tendering and also the formula for any such variation/s. 

3. SECURITY DEPOSIT:On acceptance of the tender, the Contractor shall, at the option of the Purchaser 

and within the period specified by him, deposit with him, in cash or in any other form as the Purchaser 

may determine, security deposit not exceeding ten percent of the value of the Contract as the Purchaser 

shall specify. If the Contractor is called upon by the Purchaser to deposit, ‘Security’ and the Contractor 

fails to provide the security within the period specified, such failure shall constitute a breach of the 

Contract, and the Purchaser shall be entitled to make other arrangements for the re-purchase of the 

stores Contracted at the risk of the Contractor in terms of Sub-Clause (ii) and (iii) of clause 10(b) hereof 

and/or to recover from the Contractor, damages arising from such cancellation. 4. GUARANTEE & 

REPLACEMENT: (a) The Contractor shall guarantee that the stores supplied shall comply fully with the 

specifications laid down, for material, workmanship and performance. (b) For a period of twelve months 

after the acceptance of the stores, if any defects are discovered therein or any defects therein found to 

have developed under proper use, arising from faulty stores design or workmanship, the Contractor 

shall remedy such defects at his own cost provided he is called upon to do so within a period of 14 

months from the date of acceptance thereof by the Purchaser who shall state in writing in what respect 

the stores or any part thereof are faulty. (c) If, in the opinion of the Purchaser, it becomes necessary to 

replace or renew any defective stores such replacement or renewal shall be made by the Contractor free 

of all costs to the Purchaser, provided the notice informing the Contractor of the defect is given by the 

Purchaser in this regard within the said period of 14 months from the date of acceptance thereof. (d) 

Should the Contractor fail to rectify the defects, the Purchaser shall have the right to reject or repair or 

replace at the cost of the Contractor the whole or any portion of the defective stores. (e) The decision of 

the Purchaser notwithstanding any prior approval or acceptance or inspection thereof on behalf of the 

Purchaser, as to whether or not the stores supplied by the Contractor are defective or any defect has 

developed within the said period of 12 months or as to whether the nature of the defects requires 

renewal or replacement, shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Contractor. (f) To fulfil guarantee 

conditions outlined in clause 4 (a) to (e) above, the Contractor shall, at the option of the Purchaser, 

furnish a Bank Guarantee (as prescribed by the Purchaser) from a Bank approved by the Purchaser for 

an amount equivalent to 10% of the value of the Contract along with first shipment documents. On the 

performance and completion of the Contract in all respects, the Bank Guarantee will be returned to the 

Contractor without any interest. (g) All the replacement stores shall also be guaranteed for a period of 

12 months from the date of arrival of the stores at Purchaser's site. (h) Even while the 12 months 

guarantee applies to all stores, in case where a greater period is called for by our specifications then 

such a specification shall apply in such cases the period of 14 months referred to in para 4 (b) & (c) shall 

be the ‘asked for’ guarantee period plus two months. 5. PACKING FORWARDING & INSURANCE: The 

Contractor will be held responsible for the stores being sufficiently and properly packed for transport by 

rail, road, sea or air to withstand transit hazards and ensure safe arrival at the destination. The packing 

and marking of packages shall be done by and at the expense of the Contractor. The Purchaser will not 

pay separately for transit insurance, all risks in transit being exclusively of the Contractor and the 

Purchaser shall pay only for such stores as are actually received in good condition in accordance with the 

Contract. 6. DESPATCH: The Contractor is responsible for obtaining a clear receipt from the Transport 

Authorities specifying the goods despatched. The consignment should be despatched with clear Railway 

Receipt/Lorry Receipt. If sent in any other mode, it shall be at the risk of the Contractor. Purchaser will 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 6 

take no responsibility for short deliveries or wrong supply of goods when the same are booked on 'said 

to contain' basis. Purchaser shall pay for only such stores as are actually received by them in accordance 

with the Contract. 7. TEST CERTIFICATE: Wherever required, test certificates should be sent along with 

the despatch documents. 8. ACCEPTANCE OF STORES: (a) The stores shall be tendered by the Contractor 

for inspection at such places as may be specified by the Purchaser at the Contractor's own risk, expense 

and cost. (b) It is expressly agreed that the acceptance of the stores Contracted for, is subject to final 

approval by the Purchaser, whose decision shall be final. (c) If, in the opinion of the Purchaser, all or any 

of the stores do not meet the performance or quality requirements specified in the Purchase Order, 

they may be either rejected or accepted at a price to be fixed by the Purchaser and his decision as to 

rejection and the prices to be fixed shall be final and binding on the Contractor. (d) If the whole or any 

parts of the stores supplied are rejected in accordance with Clause No. 8 (c) above, the Purchaser shall 

be at liberty, with or without notice to the Contractor, to purchase in the open market at the expense of 

the Contractor stores meeting the necessary performance and quality Contracted for in place of those 

rejected, provided that either the purchase, or the agreement to purchase, from another supplier is 

made within six months from the date of rejection of the stores as aforesaid. 9. REJECTED STORES: 

Rejected stores will remain at destination at the Contractor's risk and responsibility. If instructions for 

their disposal are not received from the Contractor within a period of 14 days from the date of receipt of 

the advice of rejection, the Purchaser or his representative has, at his discretion, the right to scrap or sell 

or consign the rejected stores to Contractor's address at the Contractor's entire risk and expense, freight 

being payable by the Contractor at actuals. 10. DELIVERY: (a) The time for and the date of delivery of the 

stores stipulated in the Purchase Order shall be deemed to be the essence of the Contract and delivery 

must be completed on or before the specified dates. (b) Should the Contractor fail to deliver the stores 

or any consignment thereof within the period prescribed for such delivery, the Purchaser shall be 

entitled at his option either:(i) to recover from the Contractor as agreed liquidated damages and not by 

way of penalty, a sum of 0.5% per week of the price of any stores which the Contractor has failed to 

deliver as aforesaid or during which the delivery of such store may be in arrears subject to a minimum of 

10%, OR(II) to purchase from elsewhere, without notice to the Contractor on the account and at the risk 

of the Contractor, the stores not delivered or others of a similar description (where others exactly 

complying with the particulars, are not, in the opinion of the Purchaser, readily procurable, such opinion 

being final) without cancelling the Contract in respect of the consignment (s) not yet due for delivery, 

OR(iii) to cancel the Contract or a portion thereof and if so desired to purchase or authorise the 

purchase of stores not so delivered or others of a similar description (where others exactly if complying 

with the particulars are not, in the opinion of the Purchaser, readily procurable, such opinion final) at 

the risk and cost of the Contractor. In the event of action being taken under sub-clause (ii) & (iii) of 

clause 10 (b) above, the Contractor shall be liable for any loss which the Purchaser may sustain on that 

account, provided that the re-purchase or if there is an agreement to repurchase then such agreement 

is made within six months from the date of such failure. But the Contractor shall not be entitled to any 

gain on such re-purchase made against default. The manner and method of such re-purchase shall be at 

the discretion of the Purchaser, whose decision shall be final. It shall not be necessary for the Purchaser 

to serve a notice of such re-purchase on the defaulting Contractor. This right shall be without prejudice 

to the right of the Purchaser to recover damages for breach of Contract by the Contractor. 11. 

EXTENSION OF TIME: As soon as it is apparent that the Contract dates cannot be adhered to, an 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 7 

application shall be sent by the Contractor to the Purchaser. If failure, on the part of the Contractor, to 

deliver the stores in proper time shall have arisen from any cause which the Purchaser may admit as 

reasonable ground for an extension of the time (and his decision shall be final) he may allow such 

additional time as he considers it to be justified by circumstances, of the case without prejudice to the 

Purchaser's right to recover liquidated damages under clause 10 thereof. 12. ERECTION OF PLANT & 

MACHINERY: Wherever erection of a plant or machinery is the responsibility of the Contractor as per the 

terms of the Contract and in case the Contractor fails to carry out the erection as and when called upon 

to do so within the period specified by the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall have the right to get the 

erection done through any source of his choice. In such an event, the Contractor shall be liable to bear 

any additional expenditure that the Purchaser is liable to incur towards erection. The Contractor shall, 

however, not be entitled to any gain due to such an action by the Purchaser. 13. PAYMENT: Contractor's 

bill will be passed for payment only after the stores have been received, inspected and accepted by the 

Purchaser. 14. MODE OF PAYMENT: Normally payment will be made for the accepted stores within 30 

days from the date of receipt of the materials. 15. RECOVERY OF SUM DUE: Whenever any claim for the 

payment of, whether liquidated or not, money arising out of or under this Contract against the 

Contractor, the Purchaser shall be entitled to recover such sum by appropriating in part or whole, the 

security deposited by the Contractor, if a security is taken against the Contract. In the event of the 

security being insufficient or if no security has been taken from the Contractor, then the balance or the 

total sum recoverable as the case may be, shall be deducted from any sum then due or which at any 

time thereafter may become due to the Contractor under this or any other Contract with the Purchaser. 

Should this sum be not sufficient to cover the full amount recoverable, the Contractor shall pay to the 

Purchaser on demand the remaining balance due.  Similarly, if the Purchaser has or makes any claim, 

whether liquidated or not, against the Contractor under any other Contract with the Purchaser, the 

payment of all moneys payable under the Contract to the Contractor including the security deposit shall 

be withheld till such claims of the Purchaser are finally adjudicated upon and paid by the Contractor. 16. 

INDEMNITY: The Contractor shall warrant and be deemed to have warranted that all stores supplied 

against this Contract are free and clean of infringement of any Patent, Copyright or Trademark, and shall 

at all times indemnify the Purchaser against all claims which may be made in respect of the stores for 

infringement of any right protected by Patent Registration of design or Trade mark and shall take all risk 

of accidents or damage which may cause a failure of the supply from whatever cause arising and the 

entire responsibility for sufficiency of all means used by him for the fulfilment of the contact. 17. 

ARBITRATION: In the event of any question, dispute or difference arising under these conditions or any 

conditions contained in the Purchase Order or in connection with this Contract (except as to any matter 

the decision of which is specially provided for by these conditions), the same shall be referred to the 

sole arbitration of the Head of the Purchase office or some other person appointed by him. It will be no 

objection that the arbitrator is a Government servant that he had to deal with matter to which the 

Contract relates or that in the course of his duties as Government servant he has expressed views on all 

or any other matters in dispute or difference. The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on 

the parties of this Contract. If the arbitrator be the Head of the Centre/Unit –(i) In the event of his being 

transferred or vacating his office by resignation or otherwise, it shall be lawful for his successor-in-office 

either to proceed with reference himself, or to appoint another person as arbitrator, or(ii) In the event 

of his being unwilling or unable to act for any reason, it shall be lawful for the Head of the Centre/Unit 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 8 

to appoint another person as arbitrator. If the arbitrator be a person appointed by the Head of the 

Purchase Office – In the event of his dying, neglecting or refusing to act or resigning or being unable to 

act, for any reason, it shall be lawful for the Head of the Centre/Unit either to proceed with the 

reference himself or appoint another person as arbitrator in place of the outgoing arbitrator. Subject as 

aforesaid the Arbitration & Conciliation Act 1996 and the rules thereunder and any statutory 

modifications thereof for the time being in force shall be deemed to apply to the arbitration proceedings 

under this Clause. The Arbitrator shall have the power to extend with the consent of the Purchaser and 

the Contractor the time for making and publishing the award. The venue of arbitration shall be the place 

as Purchaser in his absolute discretion may determine. Work under the Contract shall, if reasonably 

possible, continue during arbitration proceedings. In the event of any dispute or difference relating to 

the interpretation and application for the provisions of the Contracts, such dispute or difference shall be 

referred by either party to Arbitration of one of the Arbitrations in the Department of Public Enterprises. 

The Arbitration Act 1996 shall not be applicable to arbitration under this clause. The award of the 

Arbitrator shall be binding upon the parties to the dispute provided however any party aggrieved by 

such award may make a further reference for setting aside or revision of the award to the Law 

Secretary, Department of Legal Affairs. Ministry of Law & Justice, Government of India. The parties to 

the dispute will share equally, the cost of arbitration as intimated by Arbitrator. 18. COUNTER TERMS 

AND CONDITION OF SUPPLIERS: Where counter terms and conditions printed or cyclostyled conditions 

have been offered by the supplier, the same shall not be deemed to have been accepted by the 

Purchaser, unless specific written acceptance thereof is obtained. 19. SECURITY FOR PURCHASE OF 

MATERIALS: Successful tenderer will have to furnish in the form of a bank guarantee or any other form 

as called for by the Purchaser towards adequate security for the materials and properties provided by 

the Purchaser for the due execution of the Contract. *********************SAC,ISRO  AHMEDABAD - 

380 015 

 

Instructions to Tenderers (Bid Submission) 

.: 

GOVERNMENT OF INDIAINDIAN SPACE RESEARCH ORGANISATIONSPACE APPLICATIONS 

CENTREAHMEDABAD-380 015.Instructions to TenderersTenders are available on ISRO’s e-procurement 

website https:\\www.eprocure.isro.gov.in.  Interested tenderers will be required to register on the 

website and access the tender from the website. Vendors will be required to submit offers online (e-

bids) using a digital signature certificate. Guidelines regarding registration, empanelment, submission of 

e-bids etc. are available on the portal. Interested vendors may refer the same. In case of any queries 

w.r.t. the contents of the tender itself; you may contact the concerned Purchase and Stores Officer of 

Space Applications Centre by e-mail. However, in case of any technical queries, the help-desk 

maintained by our solution provider may be contacted. The contact details are available on the portal. 

Vendors may also submit hard copies of their price proposals in sealed covers along with the bid. 

However, this shall in no event be considered as exemption from submitting e-bids. Sealed offers 

received from those vendors who have failed to submit the e-bid will not be considered. INSTRUCTIONS 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 9 

FOR TENDER SUBMISSION 1) The tenderers should submit quotations complete in all respects with 

technical specifications, including pamphlets and catalogues. It may be noted that while submitting 

offers on the e-Procurement portal, vendors have to submit the offers as per the following procedure:a) 

E-bid Submission: Preparing of the offer in the format available in the tender. Filling up the compliance 

statements and enclosing other relevant information and registration of / saving the e-bid on the 

portal.b) Open Authorization: Vendor MUST complete this action within the time period specified in the 

tender schedule by logging into the portal and sending the public key for authorization. In case vendor 

fails to complete this step after e-bid submission, the e-bid will not be opened and shall not be 

considered as a valid offer even if the vendor might have submitted the offer physically in sealed 

envelope (if instructed to do so in the tender).2) Detailed schedule of activities to be carried out by the 

vendor while submitting the bids is indicated in the tender document. 3) The valid e-bids received 

before the deadline shall be opened in the presence of attending tenderers/their authorized 

representatives as indicated in the tender schedule. The person attending the tender opening shall have 

to carry authorization letter from the tenderer and identification which may be produced on demand. 4) 

In the event any date indicated above is declared as holiday, the tender schedule shall be amended/ 

postponed accordingly.  The amended schedule can be viewed on the e-procurement portal. Tenderers 

may send their representatives to attend tender opening accordingly. 5) In case Tenders cannot be open 

on the date indicated in schedule due to technical difficulties, tenders will be opened on next working 

day or on the day the technical snag is set right. 6) Earnest Money Deposit (EMD) as stipulated in the bid 

shall be paid by Crossed Demand Draft / Fixed Deposit Receipt issued by a nationalized bank in favor of 

Accounts Officer, Space Applications Centre, and payable at par at Ahmedabad. The EMD should be 

received before the tender opening date indicated in the tender schedule. If EMD is not received in 

time, the offer will be considered as invalid. *********************SAC,ISRO  AHMEDABAD - 380 015 

 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 10 

 

Bid Templates 

 

Vendor Specificied Terms 

Description Vendor Terms 

Taxes and other costs, if any  

Delivery Terms  

Delivery Period  

Payment Terms  

Validity  

Warranty  

Performance Bank Guarantee  

Liquidated Damages  

Security Deposit  

Mode of Transpotation  

Any other Terms  

 

Supporting Documents from Vendor 

 

Attachment - I: 

 

Attachment - II: 

 

Price Bid Form 

Item Description Slab Range Qty UOM Currency Unit Price Total Price 



Tender No: SAC/CPUR/2016E0256801 11 

SERVER 

COMPUTERS 

Servers 

(4nos.),Rack 

(1no.),PDUs(2no.),

KVM(1no.)and 

Console(1no.)Spec

ifications attached 

- 1 Sets - - - 

 

Break-up of other taxes and other costs should be specified in respective narration columns.  

 Sum of these Break-up values should be specified in respective value columns. 

 

Supporting Documents from Vendor(Price Related) 

 

Attachment - I: 

 

Attachment - II: 

 

 


